<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1099219_0001099219-23-000045.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>65166583</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1072691</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6668930</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>29721504</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>13163232</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>13104135</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001099219-23-000045.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223171140
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001099219-23-000045
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		252
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			METLIFE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001099219
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		IRS NUMBER:				134075851
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15787
		FILM NUMBER:		23660906

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-578-5500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001099219-23-000045.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 met-20221231.htm
 10-K

met-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________ 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022 was approximately billion. 
 At February 14, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding . 

Table of Contents 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 33 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 47 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 47 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 47 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 47 
 Part II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 48 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 50 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 51 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 136 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 144 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 312 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 312 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 314 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 314 
 Part III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 314 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 314 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 314 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 317 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 317 
 Part IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 318 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 318 
 Exhibit Index 
 319 
 Signatures 
 329 

Table of Contents 

 As used in this Form 10-K, MetLife, the Company, we, our and us refer to MetLife, Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1999, its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10 K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, may contain or incorporate by reference information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements give expectations or forecasts of future events and do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words and terms such as anticipate, assume, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, if, intend, likely, may, plan, potential, project, should, will, would and other words and terms of similar meaning or that are otherwise tied to future periods or future performance, in each case in all derivative forms. They include statements relating to future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, future sales efforts, future expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, and future trends in operations and financial results. 
 Many factors determine Company results, and they involve unpredictable risks and uncertainties. Our forward-looking statements depend on our assumptions, our expectations, and our understanding of the economic environment, but they may be inaccurate and may change. We do not guarantee any future performance. Our results could differ materially from those we express or imply in forward-looking statements. The risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, identified in MetLife, Inc. s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and others, may cause such differences. These factors include: 
 (1) economic condition difficulties, including risks relating to public health, interest rates, credit spreads, equity, real estate, obligors and counterparties, government default, currency exchange rates, derivatives, climate change and terrorism and security; 
 (2) global capital and credit market adversity; 
 (3) credit facility inaccessibility; 
 (4) financial strength or credit ratings downgrades; 
 (5) unavailability, unaffordability, or inadequate reinsurance; 
 (6) statutory life insurance reserve financing costs or limited market capacity; 
 (7) legal, regulatory, and supervisory and enforcement policy changes; 
 (8) changes in tax rates, tax laws or interpretations; 
 (9) litigation and regulatory investigations; 
 (10) London Interbank Offered Rate discontinuation and transition to alternative reference rates; 
 (11) unsuccessful efforts to meet all environmental, social, and governance standards or to enhance our sustainability; 
 (12) MetLife, Inc. s inability to pay dividends and repurchase common stock; 
 (13) MetLife, Inc. s subsidiaries inability to pay dividends to MetLife, Inc.; 
 (14) investment defaults, downgrades, or volatility; 
 (15) investment sales or lending difficulties; 
 (16) collateral or derivative-related payments; 
 (17) investment valuations, allowances, or impairments changes; 
 (18) claims or other results that differ from our estimates, assumptions, or models; 
 (19) global political, legal, or operational risks; 
 (20) business competition; 
 (21) technological changes; 
 (22) catastrophes; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 (23) climate changes or responses to it; 
 (24) deficiencies in our closed block; 
 (25) goodwill or other asset impairment, or deferred income tax asset allowance; 
 (26) impairment of value of business acquired, value of distribution agreements acquired or value of customer relationships acquired; 
 (27) product guarantee volatility, costs, and counterparty risks; 
 (28) risk management failures; 
 (29) insufficient protection from operational risks; 
 (30) failure to protect confidentiality and integrity of data or other cybersecurity or disaster recovery failures; 
 (31) accounting standards changes; 
 (32) excessive risk-taking; 
 (33) marketing and distribution difficulties; 
 (34) pension and other postretirement benefit assumption changes; 
 (35) inability to protect our intellectual property or avoid infringement claims; 
 (36) acquisition, integration, growth, disposition, or reorganization difficulties; 
 (37) Brighthouse Financial, Inc. separation risks; 
 (38) MetLife, Inc. s Board of Directors influence over the outcome of stockholder votes through the voting provisions of the MetLife Policyholder Trust; and 
 (39) legal- and corporate governance-related effects on business combinations. 
 MetLife, Inc. does not undertake any obligation to publicly correct or update any forward-looking statement if MetLife, Inc. later becomes aware that such statement is not likely to be achieved. Please consult any further disclosures MetLife, Inc. makes on related subjects in subsequent reports to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Note Regarding Reliance on Statements in Our Contracts 
 See Exhibit Index Note Regarding Reliance on Statements in Our Contracts for information regarding agreements included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Index to Business 
 Page Business Overview Strategy 
 5 
 Segments and Corporate Other 
 6 
 Policyholder Liabilities 
 11 
 Underwriting and Pricing 
 11 
 Reinsurance Activity 
 12 
 Regulation 
 13 
 Competition 
 28 
 Human Capital Resources 
 29 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 31 
 Trademarks 
 32 
 Available Information 
 32 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Business Overview Strategy 
 As used in this Form 10-K, MetLife, the Company, we, our and us refer to MetLife, Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1999, its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 MetLife is one of the world s leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. We hold leading market positions in the United States U.S. ), Japan, Latin America, Asia, Europe and the Middle East. We are also one of the largest institutional investors in the U.S. with a general account portfolio invested primarily in fixed income securities (corporate, structured products, municipals, and government and agency) and mortgage loans, as well as real estate, real estate joint ventures, other limited partnerships and equity securities. 
 Our well-recognized brand, globally diversified and market-leading businesses, competitive and innovative product offerings and financial strength and expertise should help drive future growth and enhance shareholder value. We will continue to execute on our Next Horizon strategy, creating value focusing on the following three pillars: 
 
 Focus 
 Generate strong free cash flow by deploying capital and resources to the highest value opportunities. 
 Simplify 
 Simplify our business to deliver operational efficiency and an outstanding customer experience. 
 Differentiate 
 Drive competitive advantage through our brand, scale, talent, and innovation. 
 MetLife is organized into five segments: U.S.; Asia; Latin America; Europe, the Middle East and Africa EMEA and MetLife Holdings. In addition, the Company reports certain of its results of operations in Corporate Other. Se e Segments and Corporate Other and Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company s segments and Corporate Other. 
 
 In the U.S., we provide a variety of insurance and financial services products, including life, dental, disability, vision, accident health, capital market investment, risk solutions, stable value and annuities. Outside the U.S., we provide life, accident health and credit insurance, as well as retirement savings products. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Segments and Corporate Other 
 
 U.S. 
 
 Our businesses in the U.S. segment offer a broad range of protection products and services aimed at serving the financial needs of our customers throughout their lives. These products are sold to corporations and their respective employees, other institutions and their respective members, as well as individuals. Our U.S. segment is organized into two businesses: Group Benefits and Retirement and Income Solutions RIS ). 
 Group Benefits 
 We have built a leading position in the U.S. group insurance market through long-standing relationships with many of the largest corporate employers in the U.S. 
 Our Group Benefits business offers life insurance, dental, group short- and long-term disability LTD ), individual disability, accidental death and dismemberment AD D insurance, vision, and accident health insurance, as well as prepaid legal plans and pet insurance. We also sell administrative services-only ASO arrangements to some employers. 
 We distribute Group Benefits products and services through a sales force primarily comprised of MetLife employees that is segmented by the size of the target customer. Account executives sell either directly to corporate and other group customers or through an intermediary, such as a broker or consultant. Employers have been emphasizing voluntary products and, as a result, we have increased our focus on communicating and marketing to employees in order to further foster sales of those products. 
 We have entered into several operating joint ventures and other arrangements with third parties to expand opportunities to market and distribute Group Benefits products and services. We also sell our Group Benefits products and services through sponsoring associations and affinity groups and provide life, dental, accident health, and vision coverage to certain employees of the U.S. Government. We have longstanding relationships with these employees and continue to cultivate and expand them through additional product offerings. 
 Group Benefits business quarterly claims experience may vary, as seasonal illnesses effect mortality and morbidity and due to utilization rate fluctuation in our non-medical health businesses. Annual benefit renewal implementation, enrollment, and marketing costs normally elevate Group Benefits business expenses in the fourth quarter. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Major Products Term Life Insurance A guaranteed benefit upon the death of the insured for a specified time period in return for the periodic payment of premiums. Premiums may be guaranteed at a level amount for the coverage period or may be non-level and non-guaranteed. Term contracts expire without value at the end of the coverage period when the insured party is still living. Variable Life Insurance Insurance coverage through a contract that gives the policyholder flexibility in investment choices and, depending on the product, in premium payments and coverage amounts, with certain guarantees. Premiums and account balances can be directed by the policyholder into a variety of separate account investment options or directed to the Company s general account. In the separate account investment options, the policyholder bears the entire risk of the investment results. With some products, by maintaining certain premium level, policyholders may have the advantage of various guarantees that may protect the death benefit from adverse investment experience. Universal Life Insurance Insurance coverage on the same basis as variable life, except that premiums, and the resulting accumulated balances, are allocated only to the Company s general account. With some products, by maintaining a certain premium level, policyholders may have the advantage of various guarantees that may protect the death benefit from adverse investment experience. Dental Insurance and ASO arrangements that assist employees, retirees and their families in maintaining oral health while reducing out-of-pocket expenses. Disability Insurance and ASO arrangements for groups and individuals to provide benefits for income replacement, payment of business overhead expenses or mortgage protection, in the event of the disability of the insured. Accident Health Insurance Accident, critical illness or hospital indemnity coverage to the insured. Vision Insurance, ASO arrangements, and managed eye health and vision care solutions to assist employees, retirees and their families in maintaining vision health while reducing out-of-pocket expenses. Offered to commercial groups, individuals, health plans and government sponsored programs through a nationwide provider network, retail optical chains and online eyewear providers. 
 
 Retirement and Income Solutions 
 Our RIS business provides funding and financing solutions that help institutional customers mitigate and manage liabilities primarily associated with their employee benefit programs using a spectrum of life and annuity-based insurance and investment products. 
 We distribute RIS products and services through dedicated sales teams and relationship managers primarily comprised of MetLife employees. We may sell products directly to benefit plan sponsors and advisors or through brokers, consultants or other intermediaries. In addition, these sales professionals work with individual, group and global distribution areas to better reach and service customers, brokers, consultants and other intermediaries. 
 Major Products Stable Value Products General account guaranteed interest contracts GIC s are designed to provide stable value investment options within tax-qualified defined contribution plans by offering a fixed maturity investment with a guarantee of liquidity at contract value for participant transactions. 
 
 Separate account GIC s are available to defined contribution plan sponsors by offering market value returns on separate account investments with a general account guarantee that plan participants will always be able to transact in their accounts at contract value. 
 
 Synthetic GICs or wraps are contracts available only to the sponsor of a participant-directed defined contribution plan. The contract wraps a portfolio of investments owned by the plan to provide a guarantee that plan participants will always be able to transact in their accounts at contract value. Generally, a wrap contract means that participants will not experience negative returns. 
 
 Private floating rate funding agreements are generally privately-placed, unregistered investment contracts issued as general account obligations with interest credited based on a specified rate or agreed upon short-term benchmark rate. These agreements are used for money market funds, securities lending cash collateral portfolios and short-term investment funds. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Annuities Pension Risk Transfers General account and separate account annuities are offered in connection with defined benefit pension plans which include single premium buyouts allowing for full or partial transfers of pension liabilities. 
 
 General account annuities include nonparticipating group contract benefits purchased for retired employees or active employees covered under terminating or ongoing pension plans. 
 
 Separate account annuities include both participating and non-participating group contract benefits. Participating contract benefits are purchased for retired, terminated, or active employees covered under active or terminated pension plans. The assets supporting the guaranteed benefits for each contract are held in a separate account, however, the Company fully guarantees all benefit payments. Non-participating contracts have economic features similar to our general account product, but offer the added protection of an insulated separate account. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), these annuity contracts are treated as general account products. 
 Institutional Income Annuities General account contracts that are guaranteed payout annuities purchased for employees upon retirement or termination of employment. Contracts can be life or non-life contingent non-participating contracts which do not provide for any loan or cash surrender value and, with few exceptions, do not permit future considerations. Structured Settlements Customized annuities designed to serve as an alternative to a lump sum payment in a lawsuit initiated because of personal injury, wrongful death, or a workers compensation claim or other claim for damages. Surrenders are generally not allowed, although commutations are permitted in certain circumstances. Guaranteed payments consist of life contingent annuities, term certain annuities and lump sums. 
 Risk Solutions Longevity Reinsurance Solutions 
 
 Longevity reinsurance is a risk mitigation solution for United Kingdom U.K. pension plan sponsors and U.K. insurance companies that write pension risk transfer business, converting uncertain future pension benefit obligations into a fixed stream of payments to MetLife over the duration of the contract as opposed to a lump sum at inception in typical pension risk transfer transactions. 
 Benefit Funding Solutions Specialized life insurance products and funding agreements designed specifically to provide solutions for funding postretirement benefits and company-, bank- or trust-owned life insurance used to finance nonqualified benefit programs for executives. Capital Markets Investment Products Funding agreement-backed notes are offered in medium term note programs, under which funding agreements are issued to special-purpose trusts that issue marketable notes in U.S. dollars or foreign currencies. The proceeds of these note issuances are used to acquire funding agreements with matching interest and maturity payment terms from certain subsidiaries of MetLife, Inc. The notes are underwritten and marketed by major investment banks broker-dealer operations and are sold to institutional investors. 
 
 Funding agreement-backed commercial paper is issued by a special-purpose limited liability company which deposits the proceeds under a master funding agreement issued to it by Metropolitan Life Insurance Company MLIC ). The commercial paper is issued in U.S. dollars or foreign currencies, receives the same short-term credit rating as MLIC and is marketed by major investment banks broker-dealer operations. 
 
 Funding agreements are issued by certain of our insurance subsidiaries to the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York FHLBNY and to a subsidiary of the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Farmer Mac. 

Asia 
 
 Our Asia segment offers a broad range of products and services to both individuals and corporations, as well as to other institutions, and their respective employees. 
 Our Asia operations are geographically diverse encompassing both developed and emerging markets. We operate in nine jurisdictions throughout Asia, with our largest operation in Japan. We market our products and services through a range of proprietary and third-party distribution channels. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 In Japan, our face-to-face channels including both career and general agency, continue to be critical to our overall distribution strategy, catering to various needs of individual retail customers. Our competitive advantage in bancassurance is based on robust distribution relationships with Japan s very large banks, trust banks and various regional banks. Outside of Japan, our distribution strategies vary by market and leverage a combination of career and general agencies, bancassurance and direct marketing. In select markets, we also use independent brokers and our employee sales force to sell group products. 
 Major Products Life Insurance Whole and term life, endowments, universal and variable life, as well as group life products. Accident Health Insurance Full range of accident health products, including hospitalization, cancer, critical illness, disability, income protection and personal accident coverage. Retirement and Savings Fixed and variable annuities, as well as regular savings products. 
 
 Latin America 
 Our Latin America segment offers a broad range of products to both individuals and corporations and other institutions (including local, state and federal governments) and their respective employees. We offer government employees life, medical insurance, as well as retirement and savings, and other products, and periodically submit bids to do so. 
 Our largest operations are in Mexico and Chile. We market our products and services through a multi-channel distribution strategy which varies by geographic region and stage of market development. 
 We have an exclusive and captive agency distribution network which sells a variety of individual life, accident health, and pension products. Our direct marketing channel includes sponsors and telesales representatives selling mainly accident health and individual life products directly to consumers. We also work with brokers and independent agents on sales of group and individual life, accident health, group medical, dental and pension products, and worksite marketing. 
 Major Products Life Insurance Whole and term life, endowments, universal and variable life, as well as group life products. Retirement and Savings Fixed annuities and pension products. Fixed income annuities provide for asset distribution needs. Our savings-oriented pension products are primarily offered in Chile under a mandatory privatized social security system. 
 Accident Health Insurance Group and individual major medical, accidental, and supplemental health products, including AD D, hospital indemnity, medical reimbursement, and medical coverage for serious medical conditions, as well as dental products. Credit Insurance Policies designed to fulfill certain loan obligations in the event of the policyholder s death. 
 
 EMEA 
 
 Our EMEA segment offers products to individuals, corporations, other institutions, and their respective employees. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the Company's dispositions of its wholly-owned subsidiaries in Poland and Greece (collectively, MetLife Poland and Greece ). 
 We operate across EMEA in both developed (Western Europe) and emerging (Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa) markets. Our largest operations are in the U.K., France and the Gulf region. In more mature markets, we focus our strategy on our preferred market segments to play a niche role. We also have a strong market presence in emerging markets leveraging a multi-channel distribution strategy. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Our businesses in EMEA use captive and independent agency, independent brokerage, bancassurance, corporate solutions and direct-to-consumer distribution channels. 
 Major Products Life Insurance Traditional and non-traditional life insurance products, such as whole and term life, endowments and variable life products, as well as group term life programs in most markets. Accident Health Insurance Individual and group personal accident and supplemental health products, including AD D, hospital indemnity, scheduled medical reimbursement plans, and coverage for serious medical conditions. In addition, we provide individual and group major medical coverage in select markets. Retirement and Savings Fixed annuities and pension products, including group pension programs in select markets. Credit Insurance Policies designed to fulfill certain loan obligations in the event of the policyholder s death. 
 
 MetLife Holdings 
 
 This segment consists of operations relating to products and businesses that we no longer actively market in the U.S. These include variable, universal, term and whole life insurance, variable, fixed and index-linked annuities, and long-term care insurance. It also includes assumed variable annuity guarantees from our former operating joint venture in Japan. 
 Major Products Variable, Universal and Term Life Insurance Similar to products offered by our Group Benefits business, except that these products were historically marketed to individuals through various retail distribution channels. For a description of these products, see U.S. Group Benefits. Whole Life Insurance A benefit upon the death of the insured in return for the periodic payment of a fixed premium over a predetermined period. Whole life insurance includes policies that provide a participation feature in the form of dividends. Policyholders may receive dividends in cash, or apply them to increase death benefits, increase cash values available upon surrender or reduce the premiums required to maintain the contract in-force. Variable Annuities Variable annuities provide for asset accumulation and asset distribution needs. Variable annuities allow the contractholder to allocate deposits into various investment options in a separate account, as determined by the contractholder. In certain variable annuity products, contractholders may also choose to allocate all or a portion of their account to the Company s general account and are credited with interest at rates we determine, subject to specified minimums. Contractholders may also elect certain minimum death benefit and minimum living benefit guarantees for which additional fees are charged and where asset allocation restrictions may apply. Fixed and Indexed-Linked Annuities Fixed annuities provide for asset accumulation and asset distribution needs. Deposits made into deferred annuity contracts are allocated to the Company s general account and are credited with interest at rates we determine, subject to specified minimums. Fixed income annuities provide a guaranteed monthly income for a specified period of years and/or for the life of the annuitant. Additionally, the Company has issued indexed-linked annuities which allow the contractholder to participate in returns from equity indices. Long-term Care Protection against the potentially high costs of long-term health care services. Generally pays benefits to insureds who need assistance with activities of daily living or have a cognitive impairment. 
 
 Corporate Other 
 
 Corporate Other contains various start-up, developing and run-off businesses. Also included in Corporate Other are: the excess capital, as well as certain charges and activities, not allocated to the segments (including external integration and disposition costs, internal resource costs for associates committed to acquisitions and dispositions and enterprise-wide strategic initiatives), interest expense related to the majority of the Company s outstanding debt, expenses associated with certain legal proceedings and income tax audit issues, the elimination of intersegment amounts (which generally relate to affiliated reinsurance, investment expenses and intersegment loans bearing interest rates commensurate with related borrowings), and the Company s investment management business (through which the Company provides public fixed income, private capital and real estate investment solutions to institutional investors worldwide). 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Policyholder Liabilities 
 We establish, and carry as liabilities, actuarially determined amounts that are calculated to meet policy obligations when a policy matures or is surrendered, an insured dies or becomes disabled or upon the occurrence of other covered events, or to provide for future annuity payments. Our liabilities for future policy benefits and claims are established based on estimates by actuaries of how much we will need to pay for future benefits and claims. For life insurance and annuity products, we calculate these liabilities based on assumptions and estimates, including estimated premiums to be received over the assumed life of the policy, the timing of the event covered by the insurance policy and the amount of benefits or claims to be paid. We establish liabilities for claims and benefits based on assumptions and estimates of losses and liabilities incurred. Amounts for actuarial liabilities are computed and reported on the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP. For more details on policyholder liabilities see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates Liability for Future Policy Benefits and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Policyholder Liabilities. 
 MetLife, Inc. s insurance subsidiaries, including affiliated captive reinsurers, establish statutory reserves under methods prescribed by the insurance laws of their respective domiciliary jurisdiction. These reserves are reported as liabilities, and we expect them to be sufficient to meet policy and contract obligations, when taken together with expected future premiums and interest at assumed rates. Statutory reserves and actuarial liabilities for future policy benefits reported under GAAP generally differ due to the difference in accounting requirements. 
 U.S. state insurance laws and regulations require certain MetLife entities to submit an annual opinion and memorandum of a qualified actuary. In it, the qualified actuary states that the statutory reserves and related actuarial amounts recorded in support of specified policies and contracts, and the assets supporting such statutory reserves and related actuarial amounts, adequately provide for the anticipated cash flow required to meet contractual obligations and related expenses. 
 Insurance regulators in many of the non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate require certain MetLife entities to prepare and submit a sufficiency analysis of the reserves presented in the locally required regulatory financial statements. See Regulation Insurance Regulation Policy and Contract Reserve Adequacy Analysis. 
 
 Underwriting and Pricing 
 We use a variety of underwriting and pricing management controls. Our Global Risk Management Department develops product pricing standards and oversees underwriting practices in MetLife s insurance businesses. We also regularly conduct experience studies to monitor assumptions against expectations, impose formal new product approval processes, periodically update product profitability studies, and use reinsurance to manage our exposures, as appropriate. See Reinsurance Activity. 
 
 Underwriting 
 Our underwriters and actuaries use detailed underwriting policies, guidelines and procedures to assess and quantify insurance risks, and determine the type and the amount of risk we are willing to accept. 
 Insurance underwriters consider an applicant s medical history and other factors such as financial profile, foreign travel, vocations and alcohol, drug and tobacco use. Group insurance underwriters generally evaluate the risk characteristics of the prospective insured group, but may underwrite members of a group on an individual basis for certain voluntary products and coverages. Our own employees generally perform our underwriting, but intermediaries review certain policies under guidelines established by us. Generally, we are not obligated to accept any risk or group of risks from, or to issue a policy or group of policies to, any employer or intermediary. We review requests for coverage on their merits and issue policies only after we have examined and approved the particular risk or group under our underwriting guidelines. 
 We periodically review all our underwriting to maintain high standards of quality and consistency. Our reinsurers generally have the right to audit our underwriting. 
 We use underwriting policies, guidelines, philosophies, and strategies that we intend to be competitive and suitable for the customer, the agent and us, to facilitate quality sales, and to serve our customers needs while supporting our financial strength and business objectives. We aim to ensure that underwriting risk levels are appropriately reflected in our product pricing. 
 We continually review our underwriting policies, guidelines, philosophies, and strategies in light of applicable regulations and to ensure that our policies remain competitive, support our marketing strategies and profitability goals, and otherwise remain appropriate. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Pricing 
 Product pricing reflects our globally-consistent standards. Global Risk Management and regional finance and product teams price and oversee all of our insurance businesses. We base our pricing on the expected benefits payout which we calculate through the use of assumptions for mortality, morbidity, expenses, persistency and investment returns and macroeconomic factors such as inflation. We price investment-oriented products based on factors such as investment returns, expenses, persistency, optionality, and possible variability of results. 
 Our pricing of certain products may include prospective and retrospective experience rating features. For prospective experience rating, we evaluate past experience to determine future premium rates and we bear all prior year gains and losses. For retrospective experience rating, we evaluate past experience to determine our cost of providing insurance for the customer in light of any features that allow us to recoup certain losses or distribute certain gains back to the policyholder based on prior years experience. 
 We base our rates for group benefit products on anticipated earnings and expenses for the book of business. We generally re-evaluate renewals annually or biannually and re-price products to reflect our experience on such products. 
 We generally price many of our RIS products on demand. Our pricing reflects our expected investment returns, as well as mortality, longevity and expense assumptions. RIS business is generally nonparticipating and illiquid, as policyholders have few or no options or contractual rights to cash values. However, for products with liquidity provisions, such as stable value, pricing reflects the contractholders ability to withdraw at book value over a period of time, as well as our ability to reset rates periodically. 
 We generally must receive regulatory approval of rates for individual life insurance products. Such rates are highly regulated, even where we are not required to obtain advance regulatory approval. We generally renew such products annually, and they may include pricing terms that are guaranteed for a certain period of time. 
 We price individual disability income products based on anticipated results by occupation. 
 Our rates for fixed and variable annuity products are also highly regulated, and we also generally must receive regulatory approval of them. Such products generally include penalties for early withdrawals and policyholder benefit elections to tailor benefits to policyholder needs. We periodically reevaluate the costs of such options and adjust pricing levels on our guarantees. We may also reevaluate the type and level of guarantee features we offer. 
 We continually review our pricing guidelines in light of applicable regulations and to ensure that our policies remain competitive, support our marketing strategies and profitability goals, and otherwise remain appropriate. 
 
 Reinsurance Activity 
 We enter into reinsurance agreements primarily as a purchaser of reinsurance for our various insurance products. We also provide reinsurance for some third parties insurance products. We participate in reinsurance in order to limit losses, minimize exposure to significant risks, and provide additional capacity for future growth. Our reinsurance covers individual risks, group risks, or defined blocks of business, primarily on a coinsurance, yearly renewable term, excess, or catastrophe excess basis. The extent of our retained risks depends on our risk evaluation, subject, in certain circumstances, to maximum retention limits based on our risk appetite. We also cede first dollar mortality risk under certain contracts. We reinsure both mortality and other risks. We obtain reinsurance for capital requirement purposes and when its economic impact makes it appropriate to do so. 
 We also reinsure for risk and capital management purposes among affiliates, including affiliated captive reinsurers and affiliated offshore insurance companies. Captive reinsurers are affiliated insurance companies licensed as such under the Special Purpose Financial Captive law adopted by several states, including Vermont and South Carolina. Captive insurers very narrow business plans restrict most or all of their activity to reinsuring business from their affiliates. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company Capital Affiliated Captive Reinsurance Transactions. 
 For information regarding reinsurance by segment, our catastrophic coverage, and ceded reinsurance recoverable balances, included in premiums, reinsurance and other receivables on the consolidated balance sheets, see Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Regulation 
 Overview 
 In the U.S., state regulators primarily regulate our life insurance companies, with additional federal regulation of some of our products and services. The insurance holding company laws of various U.S. jurisdictions apply to MetLife, Inc. and its U.S. insurance subsidiaries. Furthermore, consumer protection laws, privacy, anti-money laundering, securities, commodities, broker-dealer and investment adviser regulations, environmental and unclaimed property laws and regulations, and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA also apply to some of MetLife s operations, products and services. 
 Outside of the U.S., insurance regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which our insurance businesses are located or operate principally regulate those businesses. In addition, securities, pension, and other authorities oversee our investment and pension companies where they operate. Regulators also subject our non-U.S. insurance businesses to current and developing solvency regimes, which impose various capital and other requirements. Additionally, regulators may enhance their capital standards and supervision, and impose additional non-U.S. and global regulatory initiatives. 
 We expect the scope and extent of regulation and regulatory oversight generally to continue to increase. The regulatory environment and changes in laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate could materially harm our results of operations. 
 Insurance Regulation 
 Insurance regulation generally aims to protect policyholders and ensure insurance company solvency. Insurance regulators increasingly seek information about the potential impact of activities on holding company systems as a whole, and some jurisdictions have asserted group-wide supervision, including model laws and regulations developed through the National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC Solvency Modernization Initiative. See National Association of Insurance Commissioners regarding group-wide supervision. 
 Each of MetLife s insurance subsidiaries is licensed and regulated in each jurisdiction where it conducts insurance business. The extent of insurance regulation in such jurisdictions varies, but most jurisdictions regulate the financial aspects and business conduct of insurers through broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things: 
 licensing companies and agents to transact business; 
 calculating the value of assets to determine compliance with statutory requirements; 
 mandating certain insurance benefits; 
 regulating certain premium rates; 
 reviewing and approving certain policy forms, including required policyholder disclosures; 
 regulating unfair trade and claims practices, including through the imposition of restrictions on marketing and sales practices, distribution arrangements and payment of inducements, and identifying and paying to the states or local authorities benefits and other property that is not claimed by the owners; 
 regulating advertising; 
 protecting and safeguarding personal information and other sensitive data, including through cybersecurity standards; 
 establishing statutory capital and reserve requirements and solvency standards; 
 specifying the conditions under which a ceding company can take credit for reinsurance in its statutory financial statements (i.e., reduce its reserves by the amount of reserves ceded to a reinsurer); 
 fixing maximum interest rates on insurance policy loans and minimum guaranteed crediting rates on life insurance policies and annuity contracts; 
 adopting and enforcing standards with respect to the sale of annuities and other insurance products; 
 approving changes in control of insurance companies; 
 restricting the payment of dividends and other transactions between affiliates; and 
 regulating the types and amounts of investments. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Each insurance subsidiary must file reports, generally including detailed annual financial statements, with insurance regulatory authorities in each of the jurisdictions in which it does business. Such authorities also periodically examine its operations and accounts. These subsidiaries must also file, and in many jurisdictions and in some lines of insurance obtain regulatory approval of, rates and policy forms relating to the insurance written in the jurisdictions in which they operate. 
 Insurance, securities, and other regulatory authorities, other law enforcement agencies, and attorneys general, review MetLife, Inc. and its insurance subsidiaries for compliance with laws and regulations regarding the conduct of our insurance and securities businesses. We cooperate with such inquiries and take corrective action when warranted. See Note 21 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 U.S. Federal Initiatives 
 U.S. federal initiatives can affect our business in a variety of ways, including regulation of financial services, securities, derivatives, pensions, health care, money laundering, foreign sanctions and corrupt practices, and taxation. For instance, legislators and policymakers have proposed various forms of direct and indirect federal regulation of insurance from time to time, such as proposals for the establishment of an optional federal charter for insurance companies. See Risk Factors Regulatory and Legal Risks Changes in Laws or Regulation, or in Supervisory and Enforcement Policies, May Reduce Our Profitability, Limit Our Growth, or Otherwise Adversely Affect Us. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act, signed into law by President Biden on August 16, 2022, included a number of tax-related provisions, such as (i) a fifteen percent alternative minimum tax rate on adjusted financial statement income and (ii) a one percent excise tax on certain corporate stock buybacks. Both provisions became effective on January 1, 2023 and are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank increased the potential federal role in regulating businesses such as ours, including in the following ways: 
 The Financial Stability Oversight Council may designate certain financial companies as non-bank systemically important financial institutions non-bank SIFI subject to supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (collectively with the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve ). 
 The Federal Insurance Office FIO within the Department of the Treasury may participate in the negotiations of international insurance agreements with foreign regulators for the U.S., collect information about the insurance industry, and recommend prudential standards. 
 If an insurance holding company such as MetLife, Inc. or another non-insurance financial institution were to become insolvent or were in danger of defaulting on its obligations, and regulators determined that this would have serious adverse effects on financial stability in the U.S., then the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC may liquidate such a company as receiver. In that case, the Bankruptcy Code, which ordinarily governs liquidations, would not apply. The FDIC s purpose would be to mitigate the systemic risks the institution s failure poses. This is a different objective from that of a bankruptcy trustee under the Bankruptcy Code. In such a liquidation, the holders of such company s debt could in certain respects be treated differently than under the Bankruptcy Code. The FDIC has established rules relating to the priority of creditors claims and the potentially dissimilar treatment of similarly situated creditors. These provisions could apply to some financial institutions whose outstanding debt securities we hold in our investment portfolios. However, state insurance laws would continue to apply to an insurance company resolution. 
 Dodd-Frank provisions may also affect the investments and investment activities of MetLife, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including imposing federal regulation of such activities. 
 Dodd-Frank and its implementing regulations have changed since the law was adopted. As a result of these changes, and potential changes, we cannot identify all the risks posed and opportunities presented, if any, to our businesses. See Risk Factors Regulatory and Legal Risks Changes in Laws or Regulation, or in Supervisory and Enforcement Policies, May Reduce Our Profitability, Limit Our Growth, or Otherwise Adversely Affect Us. 
 Until January 2021, the McCarran Ferguson Act largely exempted insurance from U.S. antitrust laws. However, the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act amended the McCarran-Ferguson Act such that U.S. antitrust laws now apply to the business of health insurance and U.S. regulatory authority expanded accordingly. We expect regulatory oversight and litigation risk for U.S. products, including dental and vision, to increase. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Health Care Regulation 
 The U.S. excise tax known as the health insurer fee was in force for the 2020 calendar year. The health insurer fee no longer applies for calendar years beginning after December 31, 2020. However, demand for and pricing of products remain subject to tax uncertainty. Federal health care statutes and related regulation have imposed increased and unpredictable costs on certain products and may have additional adverse effects. They have also harmed our competitive position, as these rules have a disparate impact on our products compared to products offered by our not-for-profit competitors. See Risk Factors Regulatory and Legal Risks Changes in Laws or Regulation, or in Supervisory and Enforcement Policies, May Reduce Our Profitability, Limit Our Growth, or Otherwise Adversely Affect Us. 
 Guaranty Associations and Similar Arrangements 
 Many jurisdictions in which our insurance subsidiaries transact business require life and health insurers to participate in guaranty or similar associations. These arrangements pay certain insurance benefits owed by impaired, insolvent or failed insurers. Guaranty associations levy assessments, up to prescribed limits, on all member insurers in a particular jurisdiction on the basis of the proportionate share of the premiums written by member insurers in the lines of business in which the impaired, insolvent or failed insurer engaged. In addition, certain jurisdictions have government owned or controlled organizations providing life and health insurance to their citizens, whose activities could place additional stress on the adequacy of guaranty fund assessments. Many of these organizations have the power to levy assessments similar to those of the guaranty associations. Some jurisdictions permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. We have established liabilities for guaranty fund assessments that we consider adequate. 
 Insurance Regulatory Examinations and Other Activities 
 U.S. state insurance departments periodically examine the books, records, accounts, and business practices of their domiciled insurers. State insurance departments may also conduct examinations of non-domiciliary insurers licensed in their states. 
 In 2019, MetLife entered into a consent order with the New York State Department of Financial Services NYDFS relating to unclaimed property following an open market conduct quinquennial exam, under which it paid a fine and customer restitution, and submitted remediation plans for approval. Except for this consent order or as described in Note 21 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, MetLife did not receive any material adverse findings resulting from state insurance department examinations of its insurance subsidiaries. 
 Regulatory authorities in a small number of states, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and, occasionally, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC have conducted examinations and/or investigations or made inquiries relating to sales of our individual life insurance policies, annuities or other products. These examinations, investigations and/or inquiries often focus on the conduct and/or supervision of particular financial services representatives, the sale of unregistered or unsuitable products, the misuse of client assets, or sales and replacements of annuities and certain riders on such annuities. In 2021 and 2022, FINRA conducted routine examinations of two of our broker-dealer affiliates and there were no material adverse findings. Over the past several years, we resolved these (and a number of investigations by other regulators) for monetary payments and certain other relief, including restitution payments. We may continue to receive notice of, and may resolve, further investigations and actions on these matters in a similar manner. 
 Insurance standard-setting and regulatory support organizations, including the NAIC, encourage insurance supervisors to establish Supervisory Colleges. These organizations facilitate cooperation and coordination among insurance supervisors to enhance their understanding of the risk profile of U.S.-based insurance groups with international operations. MetLife s lead state regulator, the NYDFS, annually chairs Supervisory College meetings that MetLife s key U.S. and non-U.S. regulators attend. 
 Regulators supervise our non-U.S. insurance and pension businesses through periodic examinations of insurance company books and records, financial reporting requirements, market conduct examinations and policy filing requirements. The European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority along with European legislation, requires European regulators, such as the Central Bank of Ireland, to establish supervisory forums for European Economic Area EEA )-based insurance groups with significant European operations, including MetLife. These forums facilitate cooperation and coordination among European supervisors to enhance their understanding of an insurance group s risk profile. 
 In addition, regulators have scrutinized insurers claims payment practices. See Note 21 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding group annuity benefits and unclaimed property inquiries. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Policy and Contract Reserve Adequacy Analysis 
 Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries, including affiliated captive reinsurers, must annually analyze their statutory reserves adequacy. In each case, a qualified actuary must submit an opinion that states that the statutory reserves make adequate provision, according to accepted actuarial standards of practice, for the anticipated cash flows required by the contractual obligations and related expenses of the U.S. insurance subsidiary. The actuary considers the adequacy of the statutory reserves in light of the assets held by the insurer with respect to such reserves and related actuarial items, such as the investment earnings on such assets and the consideration the insurer anticipates receiving and retaining under the related policies and contracts. We may increase reserves in order to submit such an opinion without qualification. Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries that must provide these opinions have done so without qualifications since this requirement began. 
 Many of our non-U.S. insurance operations must also analyze the adequacy of their statutory reserves. In most of those cases, a locally qualified actuary must submit an analysis of the likelihood that the reserves make adequate provision for the insurer s associated contractual obligations and related expenses. Regulatory and actuarial analytic standards vary widely. 
 National Association of Insurance Commissioners 
 The NAIC assists U.S. state insurance regulatory authorities to serve the public interest and achieve their regulatory goals. State insurance regulators may act independently or adopt regulations proposed by the NAIC. State insurance regulators and the NAIC regularly re-examine existing insurance laws and regulations. State insurance regulators establish standards and best practices, conduct peer reviews, and coordinate their regulatory oversight through the NAIC. The NAIC also provides standardized insurance industry accounting and reporting guidance through its Accounting Practices and Procedures Manual (the Manual ), which states have largely adopted by regulation. However, individual states establish statutory accounting principles, which may differ from the Manual. Changes to the Manual or modifications by the various state insurance departments may affect the statutory capital and surplus of MetLife, Inc. s U.S. insurance subsidiaries. 
 U.S. state insurance holding company laws and regulations are generally based on the NAIC s Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act and Regulation Model Holding Company Act and Regulation ). These vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but generally require a controlled insurance company (i.e., insurers that are subsidiaries of insurance holding companies) to register and file reports with state regulatory authorities on its capital structure, ownership, financial condition, intercompany transactions and general business operations. State holding company laws require the ultimate controlling person of a U.S. insurer to file an annual enterprise risk report with the lead state of the insurance holding company system. This report identifies risks likely to have a material adverse effect upon the financial condition or liquidity of the insurer or its insurance holding company system as a whole. Each of our insurance subsidiaries domiciliary states has enacted laws to implement these requirements, including the enterprise risk reporting requirement. The holding company laws also authorize state insurance commissioners to act as global group-wide supervisors for internationally active insurance groups IAIGs ), as well as other insurers that choose to opt in for group-wide supervision. These laws provide confidentiality protection for communications with the group-wide supervisor. All states have adopted laws and regulations enhancing group-wide supervision. In 2020, the NYDFS amended its laws to permit the New York Superintendent of Financial Services Superintendent to act as a group-wide supervisor for IAIGs. 
 In furtherance of the NAIC s Solvency Modernization Initiative, the NAIC has updated model acts and regulations to address insurance company financial regulation, as discussed below, and, in particular, capital requirements; corporate governance and risk management practices; group supervision; liquidity stress testing, statutory accounting and financial reporting; and reinsurance. 
 The NAIC s Corporate Governance Annual Disclosure Model Act, which all states have adopted, requires insurers to annually file detailed information regarding their corporate governance policies. 
 All states have also adopted the NAIC s Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Model Act, which requires insurers to maintain a risk management framework and to document an internal own risk and solvency assessment ORSA of its material risks in normal and stressed environments. MetLife, Inc. has submitted on behalf of the enterprise an ORSA summary report to the NYDFS annually since this requirement became effective. 
 The NAIC has also approved a valuation manual containing a principle-based approach to the calculation of life insurance reserves (the Valuation Manual ). Principle-based reserving PBR is designed to better address reserving for life insurance and annuity products, and it has been adopted by all of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries domiciliary states. The NYDFS promulgated a regulation in 2019 that affirms the Superintendent s authority to deviate from the Valuation Manual to adjust the reserves of a New York domestic life insurance company, such as MLIC, if the NYDFS determines that an alternative requirement would be in the best interest of New York policyholders. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 The NAIC has been focused on a macro-prudential initiative since 2017, which is intended to enhance risk identification efforts by building on the state-based regulation system. In furtherance of this initiative, the NAIC adopted changes to its Statutory Annual Statement reporting, effective for year-end 2019, to improve liquidity risk monitoring. The NAIC also adopted amendments to the Model Holding Company Act and Regulation that implement requirements related to a liquidity stress-testing framework for certain large U.S. life insurers and insurance groups. The applicability of the framework is based on amounts of certain types of business written or material exposure to certain investment transactions, such as derivatives and securities lending. The framework is consistent with MetLife s liquidity risks policies and procedures, and is expected to have no impact on MetLife. As of January 1, 2023, the holding company amendments have been adopted by multiple states, including six of our domiciliary states, and they are expected to be broadly adopted in the future. 
 We use capital markets solutions to finance a portion of our statutory reserve requirements for several products. These include level premium term life products subject to the NAIC s Valuation of Life Insurance Policies Model Regulation (commonly referred to as Regulation XXX), universal and variable life policies with secondary guarantees ULSG subject to NAIC Actuarial Guideline 38 (commonly referred to as Guideline AXXX), and MLIC s closed block. In order to address the use of captives for policies covered by Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX, the NAIC adopted Actuarial Guideline 48 AG 48 ). This guideline has enhanced the statutory financial statement disclosure of an insurer's use of captives and has narrowed the types of assets permitted to back statutory reserves that are required to support the insurer s future obligations. AG 48 also requires the actuary of a ceding insurer to opine on the assuming insurer s collateral associated with the treaty and to issue a qualified opinion if the assuming entity is not complying with the requirements of AG 48. 
 The NAIC s Term and Universal Life Insurance Reserve Financing Model Regulation codifies the same substantive requirements as AG 48, as amended by the NAIC in 2016, and establishes uniform, national standards governing reserve financing arrangements pertaining to the term life and universal life insurance policies with secondary guarantees. The model regulation became an NAIC accreditation standard on September 1, 2022, with enforcement beginning on January 1, 2023, although states can use AG 48 to satisfy the accreditation requirement. 
 We cannot predict the capital and reserve impacts, compliance costs, or other effects these initiatives will have on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Surplus and Capital 
 Insurers must maintain their capital and surplus at or above minimum levels prescribed by the laws of their respective jurisdictions. Regulators generally have discretionary authority to limit or prohibit an insurer s sales to policyholders if the insurer has not maintained minimum surplus or capital or if they find that the further transaction of business would be hazardous to policyholders. 
 State insurance statutes also typically restrict the dividends or other distributions an insurance company subsidiary may pay to its parent companies and limit the transactions between an insurer and its affiliates. Dividends in excess of prescribed limits and transactions above a specified size between an insurer and its affiliates require the approval of the insurance regulator in the insurer s state of domicile. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources MetLife, Inc. Liquidity and Capital Sources Dividends from Subsidiaries. See also Dividend Restrictions in Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding such limitations. 
 Non-U.S. jurisdictions also restrict the amount of such dividends and other distributions. For example, a portion of the annual earnings of our Japan operations may be repatriated each year, and may further be distributed to MetLife, Inc. as a dividend. We may determine not to repatriate profits from the Japan operations or to repatriate a reduced amount in order to maintain or improve the solvency of the Japan operations or for other reasons. In addition, the Financial Services Agency in Japan FSA may limit or not permit profit repatriations or other transfers of funds to the U.S. if such transfers would be detrimental to the solvency or financial strength of our Japan operations or for other reasons. 
 For developments that could affect our ratio of free cash flow to adjusted earnings results, and thus our surplus and capital, see Risk Factors. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Risk-Based Capital 
 Most of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are subject to risk-based capital RBC requirements developed by the NAIC and adopted by their respective domiciliary states. Insurers calculate RBC annually based on a formula that applies factors to various asset, premium, claim, expense and statutory reserve items, taking into account asset, insurance, interest rate, and market and business risk characteristics. Regulators use the formula as an early warning tool to identify insurers that may be inadequately capitalized for purposes of initiating regulatory action, and not as a means to rank insurers generally. State insurance laws provide insurance regulators the authority to require various actions by, or take various actions against, insurers whose total adjusted capital does not meet or exceed certain RBC levels. As of the date of the most recent annual statutory financial statements filed with insurance regulators, the total adjusted capital of each of our subsidiaries subject to these requirements was in excess of each of these RBC levels. See Statutory Equity and Income in Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company Capital Statutory Capital and Dividends. 
 The NYDFS issues annual letters on Special Considerations (each, an SCL to New York-licensed insurance companies, including MLIC, that affect year-end asset adequacy testing. An SCL could mandate assumption changes that would require us to increase, or influence our decision to release, certain asset adequacy reserves, which could materially impact our statutory capital and surplus. No changes were made to our asset adequacy reserves in either 2022 or 2021 as a result of the SCL. See Statutory Equity and Income in Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We calculate our internally defined Statement-Based Combined RBC Ratio by dividing the sum of total adjusted capital for MetLife, Inc. s principal U.S. insurance subsidiaries, excluding American Life Insurance Company American Life ), by the sum of company action level RBC for such subsidiaries, including SCL considerations. Our Statement-Based Combined RBC Ratio was in excess of 340 and in excess of 360 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. By contrast, we calculate an NAIC-Based Combined RBC Ratio based on such subsidiaries statutory-based filed financial statements and NAIC capital and reserving standards. This NAIC-Based Combined RBC Ratio was in excess of 360 and in excess of 380 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We are not aware of any upcoming NAIC adoptions or state insurance department regulation changes that would have a material impact on our NAIC-Based Combined RBC Ratio. 
 The NAIC adopted revisions to certain factors used to calculate Life RBC, which is the denominator of the RBC ratios, in light of changes to U.S. tax laws in recent years. These revisions have resulted in increased RBC charges and reduced our RBC ratios. The NAIC has approved RBC revisions for corporate bonds, real estate equity and longevity risk that took effect at year-end 2021, which had a modest net positive RBC impact on us. The NAIC has also approved an RBC update for mortality risk that took effect at year-end 2022, which had a modest positive impact on our reported RBC ratios. 
 The NAIC developed a group capital calculation GCC tool using an RBC aggregation methodology for all entities within an insurance holding company system, including non-U.S. entities. The NAIC amended the Model Holding Company Act and Regulation to adopt the GCC Template and Instructions and to implement the annual GCC filing requirement with an insurance group s lead state regulator. The filing requirement becomes effective when the holding company act amendments are adopted by the state where an insurance group s lead state regulator is located. A bill is pending in the New York State legislature to adopt such amendments. We cannot predict what impact this regulatory tool may have on our business. 
 Solvency Regimes 
 Our insurance business throughout the EEA is subject to the Solvency II Directive and its implementing rules. These cover the capital adequacy, risk management and regulatory reporting for insurers and reinsurers. Solvency II harmonizes insurance regulation across the European Union EU ). Each EEA member state has transposed the Solvency II Directive into its regulatory architecture. Its capital requirements are forward-looking and based on the risk profile of each individual insurance company in order to promote comparability, transparency and competitiveness. In line with the requirements, impacted MetLife entities calculate and report their solvency capital requirement using a standard formula prescribed by the Solvency II Directive and further regulation by the European Commission. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 The U.K. ceased to be a member of the EU in January 2020 and is no longer subject to EU law. While discussions continue between the U.K. and the EU on a Memorandum of Understanding MoU for financial services, there is no clear timeline for completion. In the meantime, the U.K. government has begun the process of reviewing its regulatory framework.It is likely that the U.K. s domestic prudential regime may begin to diverge from the Solvency II Directive, but it is still unclear if it will do so in a way that would prevent a future MoU or have a material impact on the supervision of insurers. Similarly, the EU institutions have undertaken their own review of Solvency II. The European Commission and the European Council have developed positions and are awaiting the Parliament s report to start trialogue negotiations. The full extent of the changes will only be known once the package of legislative reforms is finalized. We do not expect any changes to Solvency II resulting from this legislative process to be finalized and transposed into EEA member states respective domestic legislation prior to 2024. 
 Mexico has adopted a Solvency II-type regulatory framework which imposes reserve and capital requirements and corporate governance to foster transparency. In line with the requirements of the local Solvency II, insurance companies calculate and report their capital requirement using a standard formula designed by the local regulators CNSF ). In addition, as required, certain MetLife entities must submit annual ORSA reports to the CNSF on an ongoing basis. 
 In Chile, the law implementing Solvency II-like regulation continues in the studies stage. The implementation date for the new solvency regime has not yet been set; however, it could be in force within four years after the final regulation is published. MetLife Chile implemented governance changes and risk policies to comply with prior regulatory changes. MetLife Chile also submitted its ORSA regular report to the regulator in June 2022. 
 The Superintendence of Private Insurance, the Brazilian insurance regulator, has established an insurance framework for minimum capital requirements based on risk, criteria for investment activities, a formal risk management function, and a formal enterprise risk management framework. MetLife Brazil has formalized the designation of a local risk manager and implemented governance structures and risk management framework components in accordance with local regulatory requirements. 
 Japanese law requires insurers to maintain solvency standards to protect policyholders and to support their own financial strength. Most Japanese life insurers maintain a solvency margin ratio well in excess of the legally mandated minimum. In addition, we expect Japan to adopt an economic value-based solvency regime in 2025. 
 In China, the business of our joint venture (as well as the industry) has implemented China Risk Oriented Solvency System C-ROSS ), a risk-based solvency regime. Like Solvency II, C-ROSS focuses on risk management and has three pillars (strengthen quantitative capital requirements, enhance qualitative supervision and establish a governance and market discipline process). On December 30, 2021, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission CBIRC issued the Regulatory Rules for the Solvency of Insurance Companies (II) Rules II ), marking completion of the buildout of C-ROSS Phase II. CBIRC will determine a transition period policy based on actual circumstances, allowing for a step-by-step implementation of some of the regulatory rules, with full implementation to be in place by no later than 2025. Our joint venture will continue strengthening its solvency management in accordance with the revised rules. 
 The Korea Financial Supervisory Service implemented a new solvency system, the Korean Insurance Capital Standard, in January 2023. This system reflects the International Association of Insurance Supervisors IAIS global Insurance Capital Standard and incorporates certain product portfolio and other features specific to the Korean market and includes mark-to-market valuation. 
 IAIS 
 The IAIS is a voluntary membership association of insurance supervisors and regulators. It is the global standard-setting body responsible for developing and assisting in the implementation of principles, standards and guidance, as well as supporting material, for the supervision of the insurance sector. The IAIS is a member of the Financial Stability Board FSB ), an international entity established to coordinate, develop and promote regulatory, supervisory and other financial sector policies in the interest of financial stability. The IAIS participates in the FSB s initiative to identify and manage systemic risk globally. The IAIS has adopted a holistic framework for the assessment and mitigation of systemic risk in the global insurance sector (the Holistic Framework ). The framework monitors the build-up of vulnerabilities at jurisdictional and global levels to address any such risk through the application of enhanced supervisory measures based on existing insurance core principles and the common framework for supervision of IAIGs. In December 2022, the FSB endorsed the Holistic Framework and discontinued the designation of globally systemically important insurers. 
 An IAIS proposal becomes effective when it is enacted through legislation or regulation in the applicable jurisdiction. As MetLife, Inc. is not a U.S. non-bank SIFI, the impact on MetLife, Inc. of the IAIS s global proposals is uncertain. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Diversity and Corporate Governance 
 The NAIC and state insurance regulators are evaluating issues related to diversity within the insurance industry. In New York, the NYDFS expects the insurers it regulates to make diversity of their leadership a business priority and a key element of their corporate governance. The NYDFS collected data from insurers that met certain New York premium thresholds, including MetLife, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries, regarding the diversity of their corporate boards and management. The NYDFS plans to publish such data on an aggregate basis to measure progress in the industry, and it now includes diversity-related questions in its examination process. The NAIC is also evaluating issues related to race, diversity and inclusion, and it is examining practices in the insurance industry in order to determine how barriers are created that disadvantage people of color or historically underrepresented groups. 
 New York Insurance Regulation 210 
 Insurance Regulation 210 establishes standards for the determination and any readjustment of non-guaranteed elements NGEs that may vary at the insurer s discretion for life insurance policies and annuity contracts delivered or issued for delivery in New York. NGEs include cost of insurance for universal life insurance policies, as well as interest crediting rates for annuities and universal life insurance policies. The regulation requires insurers to notify policyholders at least 60 days in advance of any change in NGEs that is adverse to policyholders and, with respect to life insurance, to notify the NYDFS at least 120 days prior to any such changes. The regulation also requires insurers to inform the NYDFS annually of any changes adverse to policyholders made in the prior year. The regulation generally prohibits insurers from increasing profit margins for in-force policies or adjusting NGEs in order to recoup past losses. 
 Cybersecurity, Privacy and Data Protection Regulation 
 We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations at the local, state, federal and international level regarding the collection, storage, use, retrieval, processing, disclosure, protection and security of personal information, including health-related and customer information and employee data. Various local, state and federal laws in the U.S. and around the world require companies such as ours to inform consumers of data collection, storage and processing practices and further dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we may transfer, process or receive personal information, the interpretation and scope of which are constantly evolving and vary significantly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing the security and integrity of our information systems and the non-public information stored therein, many of which require the implementation and maintenance of a comprehensive information security program, and require notification to affected individuals and regulators of security breaches and other cyber incidents. Given growing cybersecurity risks and threats posed to information and financial systems by nation-states, terrorist organizations and independent criminal actors in recent years, insurance and other regulators have increased focus on cybersecurity practices, and regulatory and legislative activity in the areas of privacy, data protection and cybersecurity continues to increase worldwide. Below, we highlight some of the key data protection and cybersecurity laws and regulations to which we are subject. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Cybersecurity 
 The NYDFS promulgated the New York Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies (the Regulation to promote the protection of customer information and information technology systems by establishing and regulating cybersecurity requirements for banking and insurance entities under the NYDFS s jurisdiction. In general, the Regulation requires covered entities, such as our insurance entities licensed in New York, to assess risks associated with their information systems and establish and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to assess those risks and protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of such systems and data. Specifically, the Regulation provides for, among other things: (i) technical safeguards and controls relating to the governance framework for a cybersecurity program; (ii) risk-based policies, procedures and minimum standards for technology systems for data protection; (iii) minimum standards for cyber breach responses, including notice to the NYDFS of certain material events; (iv) designation of a chief information security officer and other qualified cybersecurity personnel; (v) oversight of third party service providers with access to the information systems and nonpublic personal information of covered entities, including via implementation of written policies and procedures to evaluate the third party service provider s cybersecurity practices; and (vi) identification and documentation of material deficiencies, remediation plans and annual certifications of regulatory compliance. The NYDFS has proposed amendments to the Regulation which, if adopted, would require the implementation of new reporting, governance and oversight measures, and enhanced cybersecurity safeguards (such as annual audits, vulnerability assessments, and password controls and monitoring), and mandate notifications in the event a covered entity makes a cyber-ransom payment. We cannot predict whether the amendments will be adopted, what form they will take, or what effect they would have on our business or compliance costs. Covered entities that fail to comply with the Regulation may be subject to enforcement actions brought by the NYDFS, the result of which could lead to civil penalties, and other legal and reputational costs. 
 The NAIC adopted the Insurance Data Security Model Law (the Cybersecurity Model Law ), which requires insurers and other entities licensed by a state insurance department to develop, implement and maintain a risk-based information security program. The Cybersecurity Model Law also establishes standards for data security and for investigation of and notification to insurance commissioners of cybersecurity events involving unauthorized access to, or the misuse of, certain nonpublic information. Several states have adopted the Cybersecurity Model Law, including four of our insurance subsidiaries domiciliary states, and more may adopt it in the future, requiring further compliance and oversight efforts. Such compliance efforts may present an increasing demand on our systems and resources, and require significant new and ongoing investments, including investments in compliance processes, personnel, and technical infrastructure. 
 On May 12, 2021, President Biden signed Executive Order 14028 on Improving the Nation s Cybersecurity (the Order to strengthen the U.S. federal government s cybersecurity defenses and that of its vendors. The Office of Management and Budget OMB has released several memoranda expounding on various aspects of the Order; for example, OMB released the federal government s strategy to move towards Zero Trust cybersecurity principles on January 26, 2022. While MetLife provides employee benefits to several of the agencies that are subject to the Order, it is not directly subject to the new requirements at this time, based on the scope of the Order. While the Order is primarily aimed at technology and software providers and suppliers, there are efforts underway within a whole-of-government approach to combat cyber-attacks and ransomware attacks, which could potentially impose additional cybersecurity requirements on MetLife and other federal contractors over time. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Privacy and Data Protection 
 In the U.S., we are subject to state laws, which impose certain obligations on the processing of personal information and provide consumers specific rights to control their personal information. For instance, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which applies to certain portions of our business, requires covered companies to provide disclosures to California consumers about such companies data collection, use and sharing practices and gives California residents expanded rights with respect to the processing of their personal information. In November 2020, the CCPA was amended by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which took effect in most material respects on January 1, 2023. The CPRA expands the CCPA, including with respect to the processing of certain sensitive personal information, and establishes a regulatory agency, the California Privacy Protection Agency CPPA ), to promulgate rules and regulations, and to enforce those requirements. Regulators may impose fines for violations, and individuals have a private right of action for the unauthorized disclosure of personal information as a result of a failure to maintain reasonable security procedures. CCPA enforcement thus far has been limited; it has not been subject to significant litigation and judicial interpretation, and the CPRA has shifted enforcement duties from the state Attorney General to the new CPPA. As a result, it remains unclear how various provisions of the CCPA will be interpreted and enforced. Moreover, in February 2023, the CPPA adopted its final rule changes to the CCPA regulations; these are expected to come into force in April 2023. While a significant portion of our business is exempted from the CCPA s specific requirements, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and the insurance laws of several states to which we are subject grant similar rights to insureds, including the right to request copies of their personal information that a company has collected. 
 Several other states either have proposed or adopted new comprehensive privacy laws, which may apply to certain portions of our business. However, some of these state laws (such as those enacted in Virginia, Colorado and Utah) include broad entity-wide exemptions for financial institutions. Additionally, a draft of a new federal privacy bill, the American Data Privacy and Protection Act ADPPA ), was introduced in June 2022 with the aim of harmonizing and improving federal data protection legislation. The ADPPA was not enacted during the last Congress, but it or similar federal legislation may be enacted in the future. Adapting our practices to comply with new laws and regulations may increase compliance costs and potentially change our business practices. 
 Outside of the U.S., our subsidiaries are subject to various data protection regimes, including the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 GDPR ), which became effective on May 25, 2018, and applies to entities established in the EU, as well as to entities not established in the EU, that target goods or services to EU data subjects, or that monitor consumer behavior that takes place in the EU. The GDPR imposes strict requirements for controllers and processors of personal data, including, for example, by requiring detailed disclosures to data subjects, a mechanism for individuals to access and correct personal data, specific timelines for data breach notifications, limitations on retention of information and stringent limits pertaining to the collection and storage of special categories of personal data, such as health information, and highly specific obligations when contracting with third-party processors in connection with the processing of EU personal data. The GDPR also imposes strict requirements on transfers of personal data outside of the EEA to countries which have not been deemed adequate by the European Commission. (In this regard, the U.K. has been deemed adequate and the U.S. has not been deemed adequate however, the U.S. and European Commission have announced an agreement in principle on an EU-U.S. data transfer framework.) 
 While the GDPR provides a more harmonized approach to data protection regulation across the EU member states, it also gives EU member states certain areas of discretion and therefore laws and regulations in relation to certain data processing activities may differ on a member state by member state basis, which could further limit our data collection and processing abilities and could require localized changes to our operating model. Relatedly, following the U.K. s exit from the EU, data privacy law in the U.K. includes the GDPR as retained in U.K. law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and the Data Protection Act of 2018, both as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (together U.K. GDPR ). The interpretation of the U.K. GDPR may eventually start to differ from the GDPR, and ensuring compliance with each is and will remain an ongoing commitment that involves substantial costs. 
 We are also increasingly subject to increasingly restrictive laws in other jurisdictions that address and impose strict requirements on cross-border data transfers, including, for example, the People s Republic of China s Personal Information Protection Law and Brazil s General Data Protection Law. 
 The above laws, and other similar laws that may be passed, may require us to adapt our practices and divert resources from other initiatives and projects to address such evolving compliance and operational requirements. Moreover, despite our efforts, governmental authorities or others may assert that our business practices fail to comply with such requirements, and if we are found to violate any such laws, we may incur substantial fines or damages, have to change our business practices, or face reputational harm, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 ERISA, Fiduciary Considerations, and Other Pension and Retirement Regulation 
 We provide products and services to certain employee benefit plans that are subject to ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). ERISA and the Code impose restrictions, including fiduciary duties to perform solely in the interests of ERISA plan participants and beneficiaries, and to avoid prohibited non-exempt transactions. The applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code are subject to enforcement by the U.S. Department of Labor (the DOL ), the Internal Revenue Service IRS and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 The prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and the Code generally restrict the provision of investment advice to ERISA plans and participants and to Individual Retirement Accounts IRAs (and certain other arrangements) if the investment recommendation results in fees paid to an individual advisor, the firm that employs the advisor or their affiliates that vary according to the investment recommendation chosen, unless an exemption or exception is available. Similarly, without an exemption or exception, fiduciary advisors are prohibited from receiving compensation from third parties in connection with their advice. ERISA also affects certain of our in-force insurance policies and annuity contracts, as well as insurance policies and annuity contracts we may sell in the future. 
 The SEC adopted Regulation Best Interest in 2019, and compliance was required beginning on June 30, 2020. Regulation Best Interest requires broker-dealers to act in the best interest of individual investor retail customers when recommending account types, securities transactions or investment strategies involving securities, including recommendations to IRA owners, as well as non-benefit plan retail customers. In addition, other SEC rules require broker-dealers and investment advisers to retail customers to describe their services and conflicts of interest to their retail customers in client relationship summary disclosure and deliver a copy to their retail customers. In December 2020, the DOL released the final version of the prohibited transaction exemption PTE 2020-02 to allow investment advice fiduciaries to receive compensation without violating ERISA, subject to impartial conduct standards and disclosure obligations aligned with the new SEC rules. In the preamble to PTE 2020-02, the DOL also provided its interpretation of the five-part test used to determine whether a person is acting as an ERISA investment advice fiduciary. PTE 2020-02 became effective on February 16, 2021. In April 2021, the DOL published additional guidance indicating that it may amend or add to this rule. FINRA rules similarly impose know your customer and suitability requirements on broker-dealers, as well as supplemental rules relating to sale of variable annuities, including with respect to certain benefit plan customers and IRA owners. 
 State regulators and legislatures in Nevada, New Jersey, Maryland and New York have proposed measures that would make broker-dealers, sales agents, and investment advisers and their representatives subject to a fiduciary duty when providing products and services to customers, including pension plans and IRAs, and Massachusetts has enacted a law to that effect. The NYDFS s annuity suitability regulation incorporates the best interest standard and expands the scope of the regulation beyond annuity transactions to include sales of life insurance policies to consumers. In April 2021, the Appellate Division of the New York Supreme Court overturned the regulation for being unconstitutionally vague, although the New York State Court of Appeals reversed this ruling on October 20, 2022. Regulation Best Interest under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act does not include a private right of action, although the SEC did not indicate an intent to pre-empt state regulation in this area, and some of the state proposals and adopted regulations would allow for a private right of action. As a result of these developments, it is possible that it may become more costly to provide our products and services in the states subject to the new rules. 
 The SECURE 2.0 Act of 2022 SECURE 2.0 ), signed into law on December 29, 2022, makes significant changes to existing law for retirement plans by building upon provisions in the Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement Act of 2019. SECURE 2.0 introduces new requirements and considerations for plan sponsors that are intended to expand coverage, increase savings, preserve income, and simplify plan rules and administrative procedures. Among other provisions, SECURE 2.0 directs the DOL to review its current interpretive bulletin regarding ERISA plan sponsors selection of annuity providers for purposes of transferring plan sponsor benefit plan liability to such annuity providers. Such review could result in the DOL s imposition of new or different requirements on plan sponsors or on annuity providers such as MLIC and Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company, or could make such selection process more difficult for the parties involved. 
 In 2020, the Chilean Congress approved two bills, each of which allowed individuals to withdraw up to 10 of pension accounts or the account balance if it is below a certain amount. In April 2021, the Chilean Congress approved a third bill allowing for additional withdrawals of pension funds which also required insurance companies to advance payments of up to 10 of the reserves allocated to a customer s annuity. Since then, bills allowing additional withdrawals and a second advance payment of annuities were rejected; however, it is possible that such proposals will be made again in the future. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 In late 2022, the government sent a major pension reform bill to the Chilean Congress which included a proposal to limit private pension administrators to asset management and end their administration of mandatory pension accounts, among other significant changes. The impact of any such pension reforms will depend on the final measures adopted, and in some cases could have an adverse effect on our Chilean pension business. 
 Consumer Protection Laws 
 Numerous federal and state laws affect our earnings and activities, including federal and state consumer protection laws. As part of Dodd-Frank, Congress established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB to supervise and regulate institutions that provide certain financial products and services to consumers. Although the consumer financial services subject to the CFPB s jurisdiction generally exclude insurance business of the kind in which we engage, the CFPB does have authority to regulate non-insurance consumer services we provide. Consumer protection laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions may also affect us. 
 Investments Regulation 
 State insurance laws and regulations limit the amount of investments that our U.S. insurance subsidiaries may have in certain asset categories, such as below investment grade fixed income securities, real estate equity, other equity investments, and derivatives, and require diversification of investment portfolios. Investments exceeding regulatory limitations are not admitted for purposes of measuring surplus. In some instances, laws require us to divest any non-qualifying investments. In addition, many of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries and pension companies are subject to other investment laws and regulations. 
 Changing global financial and economic environments, and the fiscal and monetary policy of governments and central banks around the world, continue to affect our global insurance business. These may affect interest rates, and thereby the pricing levels of risk-bearing investments, as well as our business operations, investment portfolio, and derivatives. 
 Derivatives Regulation 
 Dodd-Frank includes a framework of regulation of the over-the-counter OTC derivatives markets requiring clearing of certain types of interest rate and credit default swap transactions and imposes additional costs, including reporting and margin requirements. Our costs of risk mitigation are increasing under Dodd-Frank. For example, Dodd-Frank imposes requirements to pledge variation and/or initial margin (i) for OTC-cleared transactions (OTC derivatives that are cleared and settled through central clearing counterparties), and (ii) for OTC-bilateral transactions (OTC derivatives that are bilateral contracts between two counterparties). 
 We expect increased margin requirements, and capital charges for our counterparties and central clearinghouses related to holding non-cash collateral, to continue to increase our required holdings of cash and government securities. This may cause lower yields and reduce our income due to less favorable pricing for OTC-cleared and OTC-bilateral transactions. Centralized clearing of certain OTC derivatives exposes us to the risk of a default by a clearing member or clearinghouse with respect to our cleared derivative transactions. We use derivatives to mitigate a wide range of risks in connection with our businesses, including the impact of increased benefit exposures from certain of our annuity products that offer guaranteed benefits. We have always been subject to the risk that hedging and other management procedures might prove ineffective in reducing the risks to which insurance policies expose us, or that unanticipated policyholder behavior or mortality, combined with adverse market events, could produce economic losses beyond the scope of the risk management techniques employed. Any such losses could be increased by higher costs of writing derivatives (including customized derivatives) and the reduced availability of customized derivatives that might result from the implementation of Dodd-Frank and comparable international derivatives regulations. 
 Dodd-Frank also expanded the definition of swap and mandated the SEC and U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC to study whether stable value contracts should be treated as swaps. Pursuant to the new definition and the SEC s and CFTC s interpretive regulations, products offered by our insurance subsidiaries, other than stable value contracts, might also be treated as swaps. Should such products become regulated as swaps, we cannot predict how the rules would be applied to them or the effect on such products profitability or attractiveness to our clients. Special federal banking rules apply to certain qualified financial contracts, including many derivatives contracts, securities lending agreements and repurchase agreements, with banking institutions and certain of their affiliates. These rules generally require the banking institutions and their applicable affiliates to limit or delay their counterparties default rights (such as their counterparties right to terminate the contracts or foreclose on collateral) and restrict assignments and transfers of credit enhancements (such as guarantees) in connection with the banking institution or affiliate bankruptcy, insolvency, resolution or similar proceeding. These rules could limit our recovery in the event of a default, limit our ability to close-out transactions upon the bankruptcy of an affiliate of our counterparty, and increase our counterparty risk. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We expect the amount of collateral we are required to pledge and the payments we are required to make under our OTC swaps transactions to increase as a result of the requirement to pledge initial margin for OTC-bilateral transactions, based on the final margin requirements for non-centrally cleared derivatives. 
 Securities, Broker-Dealer and Investment Adviser Regulation 
 U.S. federal and state securities laws and regulations apply to insurance products that are also meet the definition of a security, including variable annuity contracts and variable life insurance policies, and certain fixed interest rate or index-linked contracts with features that require them to be registered as securities or exempt from registration. As a result, some of our subsidiaries and their activities in offering and selling variable insurance contracts and policies are subject to extensive regulation under these securities laws. 
 Federal and state securities laws and regulations generally grant regulatory agencies broad rulemaking and enforcement powers, including the power to adopt new rules impacting new or existing products, regulate the issuance, sale and distribution of our products and limit or restrict the conduct of business for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. In some non-U.S. jurisdictions, some of our insurance products are considered securities under local law, and we may be subject to local securities regulations and oversight by local securities regulators. 
 Some of our subsidiaries and their activities in offering and selling variable insurance products are subject to extensive regulation under the federal securities laws and regulations administered by the SEC. These subsidiaries issue variable annuity contracts and variable life insurance policies through separate accounts that are registered with the SEC as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act or are exempt from registration under the Investment Company Act. Such separate accounts are generally divided into sub-accounts, each of which invests in an underlying mutual fund which is itself a registered investment company under the Investment Company Act. In addition, the variable annuity contracts and variable life insurance policies associated with these registered separate accounts are registered with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or are exempt from registration under the Securities Act. One insurance subsidiary issues a fixed interest rate contract with features that require it to be registered under the Securities Act. 
 Certain variable contract separate accounts sponsored by our subsidiaries are exempt from registration but may be subject to other provisions of the federal securities laws. 
 Two of our U.S. subsidiaries are registered with the SEC as broker-dealers under the Exchange Act and are members of, and subject to regulation by, FINRA. The SEC, CFTC and FINRA from time to time propose and adopt rules and regulations that impact broker-dealers and products deemed to be securities. 
 Two of our U.S. subsidiaries are registered as investment advisers with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and are also registered or licensed in various non-U.S. jurisdictions, as applicable. In addition, we have non-U.S. subsidiaries that are registered or licensed in non-U.S. jurisdictions to conduct our investment management business. We may also be subject to similar laws and regulations in non-U.S. jurisdictions with respect to the provision of investment advisory services or the conducting of other activities. 
 Under SEC rules, broker-dealers recommending our variable products and other securities offerings to retail customers are required to comply with a best interest standard. SEC rules also require broker-dealers to disclose the nature of services, their standard of conduct, and their conflicts of interest to their retail customers. With regard to insurance products, the NAIC revised its Suitability in Annuity Transactions Model Regulation to add a best interest standard for the sale of annuities, which most of our insurance subsidiaries domiciliary states adopted and others may consider. In April 2021, as noted above, the Appellate Division of the New York State Supreme Court overturned NYDFS Regulation 187 - Suitability and Best Interests in Life Insurance and Annuity Transactions for being unconstitutionally vague, although the New York State Court of Appeals reversed this ruling on October 20, 2022. 
 Federal and state securities regulatory authorities and FINRA from time to time make inquiries and conduct examinations regarding compliance by MetLife, Inc. and its subsidiaries with securities and other laws and regulations. We cooperate with such inquiries and examinations and take corrective action when warranted. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Environmental Laws and Regulations 
 As an owner and operator of real property in many jurisdictions, we are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations in such jurisdictions. Inherent in such ownership and operation is also the risk that there may be environmental liabilities and costs in connection with any required remediation of such properties. In addition, we hold equity interests in companies that could potentially be subject to environmental liabilities. We routinely have environmental assessments performed with respect to real estate being acquired for investment and real property to be acquired through foreclosure. Unexpected environmental liabilities may arise. However, based on information currently available to us, we believe that any costs associated with compliance with environmental laws and regulations or any remediation of such properties will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Management of Climate Risks 
 The topic of climate risk has come under increased scrutiny by insurance regulators. The NYDFS issued a circular letter in September 2020 stating that it expects foreign authorized insurers, such as our insurance subsidiaries licensed in New York, to integrate financial risks related to climate change into their governance frameworks, risk management processes, business strategies and scenario analysis, and develop their approach to climate related financial disclosure. 
 On November 15, 2021, the NYDFS issued final guidance for New York domestic insurers, such as MLIC, stating that such insurers are expected to manage financial risks from climate change by taking actions that are proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of their businesses. For instance, insurers should incorporate climate risk into their financial risk management and address this risk through their enterprise risk management functions. As of August 15, 2022, New York domestic insurers should have implemented certain corporate governance changes and developed plans to implement the organizational structure changes (e.g., defining roles and responsibilities related to managing climate risk). With respect to implementing additional changes (e.g., reflecting climate risks in the ORSA and using scenario analysis when developing business strategies), insurers are encouraged to work on these changes, although the NYDFS will issue further guidance with more specific timelines. 
 The NYDFS also adopted an amendment to the regulation governing enterprise risk management, applicable to New York domestic and foreign authorized insurers, which requires an insurance group s enterprise risk management function to address certain additional risks, including climate change risk. 
 In addition, the FIO is authorized to monitor the U.S. insurance industry under Dodd-Frank. In furtherance of President Biden s Executive Order on Climate-Related Financial Risk, dated May 20, 2021, the FIO sought public comment on climate-related financial risks in the insurance industry. The FIO is assessing how the insurance sector may mitigate climate risks and help achieve national climate-related goals. 
 The SEC is also continuing its focus on climate, and environmental, social and governance ESG risks and opportunities and has published its rulemaking list which contains several ESG-related rulemakings that the SEC is considering. 
 On March 21, 2022, the SEC proposed rules requiring registrants to provide additional climate-related information in their registration statements and annual reports, including in their financial statements. The proposal sets forth proposed rules for disclosure of climate-related risks, material impacts, governance, risk management, financial statement metrics, greenhouse gas emissions, attestation of emissions disclosures, and targets and goals. 
 On May 25, 2022, the SEC proposed rules requiring registered investment companies, business development companies, and registered and certain unregistered investment advisers to disclose in their fund prospectuses, annual reports and Form ADV information about how funds and advisers incorporate ESG factors into their investment strategies. 
 Unclaimed Property 
 We are subject to the laws and regulations of states and other jurisdictions concerning identification, reporting and escheatment of unclaimed or abandoned funds, and are subject to audit and examination for compliance with these requirements. See Insurance Regulation Insurance Regulatory Examinations and Other Activities, which references a consent order. See also Note 21 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Brighthouse Separation Tax Treatment 
 Prior to the spin-off distribution of Brighthouse Financial, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, Brighthouse common stock in 2017, we received a private letter ruling from the IRS regarding certain significant issues under the Code, as well as an opinion from tax counsel that the distribution qualified for non-recognition of gain or loss to us and our shareholders pursuant to Sections 355 and 361 of the Code, except to the extent of cash received in lieu of fractional shares, each subject to the accuracy of and compliance with certain representations, assumptions and covenants therein. 
 Notwithstanding the receipt of the private letter ruling and the tax opinion, the IRS could determine that the distribution should be treated as a taxable transaction, for example, if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or covenants on which the private letter ruling is based are untrue or have been violated. Similarly, the IRS could determine that our disposal of the fair value option of Brighthouse Financial, Inc. s common stock in the debt-for-equity exchange should be treated as a taxable transaction to MetLife, Inc. Furthermore, as part of the IRS s policy, the IRS did not determine whether the distribution or the debt-for-equity exchange satisfies certain conditions that are necessary to qualify for non-recognition treatment. Rather, the private letter ruling is based on representations by us and Brighthouse that these conditions have been satisfied. The tax opinion addressed the satisfaction of these conditions. The tax opinion is not binding on the IRS or the courts, and the IRS or a court may take a contrary position. In addition, the tax counsel relied on certain representations and covenants delivered by us and Brighthouse. 
 If the IRS ultimately determines that the distribution is taxable, the distribution could be treated as a taxable dividend or capital gain to MetLife shareholders who received shares of Brighthouse Financial, Inc. common stock in the distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and such shareholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities if the 2017 tax year is still open with respect to such shareholders under the applicable statute of limitation. In addition, if the IRS ultimately determines that the distribution is taxable, we and Brighthouse could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities, and either we or Brighthouse could have an indemnification obligation to the other, depending on the circumstances. 
 Even if the spin-off distribution otherwise qualifies for non-recognition of gain or loss under Section 355 of the Code, it may be taxable to us, but not our shareholders, under Section 355(e) of the Code if 50 or more (by vote or value) of our common stock or Brighthouse Financial, Inc. s common stock is acquired as part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the distribution. 
 Cross-Border Trade and Investments 
 Our U.K. business model historically utilized certain rights to operate cross-border insurance and investment operations, which were eliminated as a result of the U.K. withdrawing from the EU. In particular, our EEA insurance entities have lost the right to passport insurance services into the U.K. Nevertheless, MetLife has maintained its existing operating model as an inbound EEA-insurer under the U.K. s Temporary Permissions Regime TPR ), which is due to last for at least three years from January 1, 2021. The TPR currently permits MetLife to carry on its insurance business in the U.K. while it discusses its future operating model with the relevant insurance regulators. Operating expenses within our businesses could increase as a result of such changes. 
 Further, MetLife Investment Management Limited, our investment manager in the U.K., lost its passporting rights in the EU as a result of Brexit. In order to continue our investment management business in the EU, we have established a firm in Ireland, MetLife Investment Management Europe Limited, which is authorized and supervised by the Central Bank of Ireland as a UCITS Management Company under the European Communities (Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities) Regulations 2011 and an Alternative Investment Fund Manager under the European Union (Alternative Investment Fund Managers) Regulations 2013. 
 The U.S., the EU and the U.K., maintain and enforce a variety of economic sanctions against designated countries and their nationals around the world, which can result in disruptions in cross-border activity. In particular, U.S., EU and U.K. sanctions on Russia have expanded as a result of the war in Ukraine. These new sanctions, including a series of presidential executive orders and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, have, inter alia, expanded restrictions on transactions with the Russian Central Bank and other specified Russian government entities, dealing in Russian sovereign debt, engaging in certain debt and equity transactions, and engaging in transactions related to all new investment in the Russian Federation. Trade and investment in China may also be impacted by U.S. sanctions. The Biden administration has previously issued restrictions targeting certain activity involving specified Chinese securities and technology. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the OECD has proposed policies aiming to modernize global tax systems, including a global 15 minimum effective tax rate Pillar Two for multinational companies, which could adversely affect our profitability if legislation is adopted by participating countries. The EU implemented Pillar Two in late 2022, and EU member states are required to enact domestic legislation by the end of 2023. We continue to evaluate the impact potential tax reform proposals may have on our future results of operations and financial condition. 
 London Interbank Offered Rate 
 The Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the U.K. regulator of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), and the Intercontinental Exchange ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator of LIBOR, have announced the cessation dates for the publication of all U.S. Dollar and non-U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings. The cessation dates of many of these settings have occurred and the cessation date of the remaining U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings (overnight and one-, three-, six- and 12-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR) will occur on June 30, 2023. The FCA has proposed that the ICE Benchmark Administration continue publication of one-, three- and six-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings on a synthetic, or non-representative, basis through the end of September, 2024. 
 We use LIBOR and other interbank offered rates as interest reference rates in many of our financial instruments. The transition of our existing LIBOR contracts to alternative reference rates, including the adequacy of LIBOR fallback provisions in such contracts, whether, how, and when we and others develop and adopt alternative reference rates, the availability of synthetic LIBOR and the applicability of U.S. legislative remedies that address LIBOR transaction risk for various legacy U.S. Dollar LIBOR contracts, will influence the effect of any changes to or discontinuation of LIBOR on us. We continue to identify, assess and monitor market and regulatory developments, assess agreement terms, and evaluate operational readiness related to the transition. The SEC s Division of Examinations (formerly the Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations) expects to assess registrants efforts to prepare for LIBOR discontinuation and their transition to alternatives. We actively participate in the New York Federal Reserve Bank convened Alternative Reference Rate Committee and other industry association efforts on the transition to alternative reference rates. The Company utilized the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ISDA 2020 IBOR Fallbacks Protocol to address the transition from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to other risk-free rates in its OTC bilateral ISDA derivatives contracts. We also monitor the Financial Accounting Standards Board s, International Accounting Standards Board s, and U.S. Treasury Department s updates on the accounting and tax implications of reference rate reform. In March 2022, federal legislation was enacted to address, for U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings scheduled to cease being published at the end of June 2023, the transition to alternative reference rates for all U.S. law governed contracts with non-existent or inadequate U.S. Dollar LIBOR fallback provisions. Except with respect to the one-week and two-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR tenors, the federal legislation supersedes all state law addressing the U.S. Dollar LIBOR transition, including legislation enacted in New York in 2021. The Federal Reserve Board adopted regulations in December 2022 that implement this legislation by identifying benchmark rates based on Term SOFR that will automatically replace LIBOR in specified financial contracts after June 30, 2023. The regulation authorizes specified determining persons to select a benchmark replacement and substitutes a Federal Reserve Board-specified replacement where a determining person does not select a workable benchmark replacement by at least June 30, 2023. Each Federal Reserve Board-specified replacement in the regulation incorporates spread adjustments. We continue to assess current and alternative reference rates merits, limitations, risks and suitability for our investment and insurance processes. 
 
 Competition 
 The life insurance industry remains highly competitive. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Industry Trends Competitive Pressures. We face competition based on factors such as service, product features, scale, price, financial strength, claims-paying ratings, credit ratings, e-business capabilities and name recognition. We compete globally with a large number of insurance companies and non-insurance financial services companies such as banks, broker-dealers and asset managers. We compete for individual consumers, employer and other group customers, as well as agents and other distributors of insurance and investment products. Some of our competitors offer a broader array of products, have more competitive pricing or, with respect to other insurance companies, have higher claims paying ability ratings. In the U.S. and Japan, we compete with a large number of domestic and foreign-owned life insurance companies, many of which offer products in categories on which we focus. Elsewhere, we compete with the foreign insurance operations of large U.S. insurers and with global insurance groups and local companies. Because we and others underwrite many group insurance products annually, our group purchasers may be able to obtain more favorable terms from competitors rather than renewing coverage with us. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Insurers are focused on their core businesses, specifically in markets where they can achieve scale. They are increasingly seeking alternative sources of revenue focusing on monetization of assets, and fee-based services. They are also looking for opportunities to offer comprehensive solutions which include value-added services along with traditional products . 
 Financial market volatility will impact insurers capital positions, which may strain the competitive environment and lead to industry consolidation. We believe adaptability to market changes (such as those from pandemics), as well as financial strength, technological efficiency and organizational agility, will most significantly differentiate competitors in our industry. We believe we are well positioned to succeed in any environment. 
 The Company distributes many of its products through a variety of third-party distribution channels, including banks and broker-dealers. We believe potential distribution partners carefully consider the financial strength of the company whose products they sell. Bank and broker-dealer consolidation could increase competition for access to distributors. 
 We face intense competition for employees. We must attract and retain highly skilled people with knowledge of our business and industry experience to support our business. See Human Capital Resources. We continue to seek to grow our career agency forces in selected global markets. We also continue efforts to enhance the efficiency and production of our sales representatives. These initiatives may not succeed in attracting and retaining productive agents. See Segments and Corporate Other for information on sales distribution. 
 Numerous aspects of our business are heavily regulated. Legislative and other changes affecting the regulatory environment can affect our competitive position within the life insurance industry and within the broader financial services industry. See Regulation. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 45,000 employees. 
 We strive to build a purpose-driven and inclusive culture where our employees are energized to make a difference. As a financial services company, we rely significantly on our global workforce, leveraging a wide variety of professional, technical, management, business, and other skills and expertise, to create value for all of our stakeholders. Our priorities include talent attraction and retention, holistic well-being, diversity, equity and inclusion DEI ), talent and skill development, total compensation and benefits, and culture and engagement. These factors impact the readiness of the organization to fuel future business needs. 
 Talent attraction and retention: As we prepare our talent for the future and bring out their potential through inclusion and development, we aim to create conditions so the individual can personally flourish. We do this by celebrating value through recognition, demonstrating care through our relentless focus on health and wellness, and promoting stability through our benefits and compensation programs. 
 Holistic well-being : We encourage our employees to prioritize health by connecting our purpose, our work, and the importance of overall well-being. We have continued to apply these principles to meet our employees needs throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. We have adopted a new work arrangement model founded on business analysis that evaluates where, when and how jobs are performed enabling the nature of the role to determine the level of flexibility. This future of work model has been structured into three workforce segments which is comprised of individuals who work in the office, virtually or hybrid (which combines both work arrangements). We continue to offer our global platform known as BeWell, launched in 2020, to provide resources to help employees with resilience and coping, staying balanced, maintaining physical and financial wellbeing, and building healthy relationships. As the pandemic continued to take its toll on mental health in 2022, it became even more vital to support mental health and combat mental health stigmas. The BeWell program intensified its focus to promote and reinforce sustained healthy mental habits, such as mindfulness, sleep, exercise and practicing appreciation and gratitude. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Diversity, equity and inclusion: We aspire to cultivate an inclusive culture where our diversity of talent positions us to meet the needs of our employees, our customers, our shareholders, and the global communities we serve. In March 2022, we announced a series of 2030 DEI commitments that address the needs of underserved and underrepresented communities through our investments, products and services, supply chain, volunteering and community efforts. Such efforts include achieving top-quartile performance in our industry for workforce diversity across each ethnically and racially diverse category in the U.S. and for female officers globally as measured against best-in-class industry benchmarks. We measure ourselves against these benchmarks to monitor our progress and effectiveness, including tracking gender, ethnic, and racial diversity representation across seniority levels. Globally, women now represent 25 of our Executive Leadership Team and 38 of our Board of Directors. In the U.S., ethnic and racially diverse employees represent 20 of our Executive Leadership Team and 23 of our Board of Directors. Such efforts also include completing the commitment MetLife Foundation announced in June 2020 to provide 5 million over three years to advance racial equity in the U.S.; joining the Human Rights Campaign s Business Coalition for the Equality Act; and expanding our talent sponsorship program, EXCELERATE, globally to advance the development of high-potential diverse leaders. We are committed to fostering an environment where every employee feels a sense of belonging and can bring their best self to their teams and contribute their perspectives to strengthen our business and our culture. 
 Talent and skill development: Our success as a company begins with our employees. We aim to create a culture of continuous learning and work to ensure every employee has access to tools, resources and incentives for growth. Employees leverage our digitally enabled learning platform known as MyLearning to continuously develop and build the core skills they need in a dynamic environment. Additionally, employees can enhance and expand their skills through experiential learning through our internal talent marketplace known as MyPath, enabling cross-functional learning through hands-on project work. We are focusing on skills development at scale for capabilities critical to successfully serving our customers, specifically in the areas of technology, distribution, leadership and agility. Through this holistic approach to development, we continue to prepare our workforce for the future. We monitor our progress through ongoing tracking of employee participation in our robust learning opportunities and in key areas through the building of capability against skills gap analysis. 
 Compensation and benefits: We recognize the importance of providing market-aligned compensation opportunities and comprehensive, cost-effective benefits to attract, retain, engage, and motivate talented employees. We use a competitive total compensation framework that consists of base salary, as well as annual and long-term incentive opportunities. Our benefits offerings prioritize holistic well-being, encouraging and equipping all employees globally to sustain and improve their physical, mental, financial and social wellness. Company-paid and company-subsidized healthcare, disability, and life insurance and retirement benefits are market-aligned, and competitive paid time off and parental leave programs are provided in all markets. We regularly review our compensation and benefits programs and consider business objectives and employee input, as well as market developments, when making updates. By designing these programs to enable our employees to build a more confident future, we live our purpose, promote our business objectives, align management s interests with those of our many stakeholders and underscore our focus on long-term shareholder value. 
 Culture and engagement: The work of building our purpose-driven, inclusive culture starts with trust. Trust permits us, as a team, to be curious, forthcoming, open, imaginative, confident and inclusive. We accelerate building trust and open dialogue through: 
 Global networks where executive and senior leaders across the organization connect to further shape and align to the strategy, build capabilities and provide voice and feedback on how we operate, our culture and our future; 
 Let s Talk Live! monthly, Chief Executive Officer CEO )-driven global town halls where information is shared with all employees, questions are asked and answered; and 
 MyVoice, MetLife s powerful employee survey and listening program that amplifies the voice of our employees and informs action-oriented solutions. 
 Speak Up, MetLife s online tool, together with its Ethics Fraud Hotline, enable associates to report any concern or violation that impacts employees, customers, or MetLife, without fear of retaliation. 
 See MetLife s Sustainability Report (the Sustainability Report at www.metlife.com/sustainability for further detail on how our actions strengthen our workforce. Neither the Sustainability Report, nor any other information from the MetLife website, is a part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 Set forth below is information regarding the executive officers of MetLife, Inc. MLIC and MetLife Group, Inc. are affiliates of MetLife, Inc.: 
 Name Age Position with MetLife and Business Experience Michel A. Khalaf 59 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of MetLife, Inc. (May 2019 present) President, U.S. Business, of MetLife, Inc. (July 2017 April 2019) John D. McCallion 49 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MetLife, Inc. (August 2018 July 2019) (November 2019 present) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of MetLife, Inc. (May 2018 August 2018) (July 2019 November 2019) Executive Vice President and Treasurer of MetLife, Inc. (July 2016 May 2018) Marlene Debel 56 Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of MetLife, Inc. (May 2019 present) Executive Vice President and Head of Retirement Income Solutions of MetLife, Inc. (March 2018 May 2019) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, U.S. Business, of MetLife, Inc. (July 2016 March 2018) Stephen W. Gauster 52 Executive Vice President and General Counsel of MetLife, Inc. (May 2018 present) Senior Vice President and Interim General Counsel of MetLife, Inc. (July 2017 May 2018) Senior Vice President and Chief Counsel, General Corporate Section of the Law Department of MetLife Group, Inc. (January 2016 June 2017) Steven J. Goulart 64 Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of MetLife, Inc. (May 2011 present) Head of the Portfolio Management Unit as Senior Managing Director of MLIC (January 2011 April 2011) Bill Pappas 53 Executive Vice President, Global Technology and Operations, of MetLife, Inc. (November 2019 present) Head of Global Operations, Bank of America, a financial services company (February 2016 November 2019) Susan M. Podlogar 59 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of MetLife, Inc. (July 2017 present) Vice President, Human Resources, Global Medical Devices, Johnson Johnson, a medical devices, pharmaceutical and consumer products company (May 2016 June 2017) Ramy Tadros 47 President, U.S. Business, of MetLife, Inc. (May 2019 present) Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of MetLife, Inc. (September 2017 April 2019) 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Trademarks 
 We have a worldwide trademark portfolio that we consider important in the marketing of our products and services, including, among others, the trademark MetLife. We also have trademarks, such as the PROVIDA trademark, we have acquired with businesses. We believe that our rights in our trademarks are well protected. 
 
 Available Information 
 MetLife encourages investors and others to frequently visit its website (www.metlife.com), including its Investor Relations web pages (https://investor.metlife.com). MetLife announces significant financial and other information to its investors and the public on its Investor Relations web pages in news releases, public conference calls and webcasts, fact sheets, and other documents and media. MetLife, Inc. makes available free of charge on its Investor Relations web pages the reports and other information it files with or furnishes to the SEC as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, any amendments to each of those reports, proxy statements, and other disclosure. The SEC maintains an internet website (https://www.sec.gov) that contains this and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including MetLife, Inc. 
 The information on MetLife s website, including MetLife s Sustainability Report, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document MetLife submits to the SEC, and any references to MetLife s website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Any or each of the events described below may (or may continue to) adversely affect the global economy, global financial markets, our reputation, our regulatory, customer, or other relationships, our results of operations, our liquidity or cash flows, our statutory capital position, our ability to meet our obligations, our credit and financial strength ratings, our financial condition, or the market price of our common stock. The effects may vary depending on timing, product, market, region or segment. 
 Many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of any of them may cause others to emerge or worsen. Such combinations could materially increase the severity of the cumulative or separate impact of these risks. 
 These risk factors do not describe all potential risks that could affect MetLife. You should carefully consider the risk factors together with other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Business, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, and other reports and materials MetLife submits to the SEC. 
 Economic Environment and Capital Markets Risks 
 We May Face Difficult Economic Conditions 
 Market factors, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, derivative prices and availability, real estate conditions, foreign currency exchange rates, consumer and government spending, government default or spending reductions to avoid default, business investment, climate change, public health risks, volatility, disruptions and strength of the capital markets, deflation and inflation, and government actions in response thereto, may inhibit revenue growth, reduce investment opportunities and result in investment losses, derivative losses, changes in insurance liabilities, impairments, increased valuation allowances, increases in reserves, reduced net investment income and changes in unrealized gain or loss positions. 
 Higher unemployment, changes to inflation, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, greater government regulation, lower business investment, lower consumer spending, elevated incidence of claims, adverse utilization of benefits relative to our best estimate expectations, lapses or surrenders of policies, reduced demand for our products, and deferred or canceled payments of insurance premiums may negatively affect our earnings and capitalization. 
 Declining equity or debt markets may decrease the account value of our products, reducing certain fees generated by these products, which may increase the level of insurance liabilities we carry and require us to increase funding to our captive reinsurers. Additionally, higher or lower interest rates may impact the value and/or reduce returns in fixed income investments. 
 Public Health Risks 
 Pandemics and other public health issues, and governmental, business, and consumer reactions to them, have affected and may continue to affect economic conditions. They have and may continue to cause illnesses and deaths, changes in consumer or business confidence, behavior and investment and business activity, changes to interest rates and other market risk factors, and governmental or other restrictions on economic activity for prolonged periods. Any of these issues may cause or exacerbate any of the difficult economic conditions we describe in these risk factors. 
 Interest Rate Risks 
 Some of our products and investments expose us to interest rate risks, including changes in the difference between short-term and long-term interest rates, which may reduce or eliminate our investment spread and net income. 
 Interest rate increases may harm our profitability. During rapidly increasing interest rates, we may not be able to replace the investments in our general account with higher yielding investments needed to fund the higher crediting rates required to stay competitive. This could result in a lower spread, lower profitability, decreased sales, and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. In addition, policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals may increase as policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns. This may result in cash outflows requiring the sale of investments on less favorable terms, resulting in investment losses and reductions in net income. Reductions in net income may in turn harm our credit instrument covenants and rating agency assessment of our financial condition. Interest rate increases may harm the value of our investment portfolio, for example, by decreasing the estimated fair value of fixed income securities, and may increase our daily settlement payments on interest rate futures and cleared swaps, resulting in increased cash outflows and liquidity needs. Furthermore, if interest rates rise, our unrealized gains on fixed income securities may decrease and 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 our unrealized losses may increase. We would recognize the accumulated change in estimated fair value of these fixed income securities in net income when we realize a gain or loss upon the sale of the security or we determine that the decline in estimated fair value is due to a credit loss. During inflationary periods with rising interest rates, the value of fixed income investments falls which could increase realized and unrealized losses, resulting in additional deferred tax assets that may not be realizable. Finally, an increase in interest rates may decrease fee income associated with a decline in the value of variable annuity account balances invested in fixed income funds. 
 The rapidly rising interest rate environment may cause the interest maintenance reserve IMR balance of certain of our insurance subsidiaries to decrease or become negative because of their bond sales at a capital loss. Current statutory accounting guidance requires the non-admittance of negative IMR. If the IMR balance of our insurance subsidiaries becomes negative, surplus and financial strength of certain of our insurance subsidiaries may not be captured in the Consolidated Financial Statements due to lower surplus and RBC ratios. The NAIC is considering whether the allowance of a negative IMR balance in statutory accounting should be permitted, although the outcome of this initiative is uncertain. 
 Federal Reserve Board monetary policy (and that of other central banks) may also impact the pricing levels of risk-bearing investments and may harm our investment income or product sales. 
 The measures we take to mitigate the risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, such as mitigating our fixed income investments relative to our interest rate sensitive liabilities, may not be sufficient. For some of our liability portfolios, we may not be able to invest assets at the full liability duration, thereby creating some asset/liability mismatch. In addition, asymmetrical and non-economic accounting may cause material changes to our net income and stockholders equity because we record our non-qualified derivatives at fair value through earnings, while certain hedged items may follow an accrual-based accounting model or are recorded at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
 Low interest rates and risk asset returns may reduce income from our investment portfolio, increase our liabilities for claims and future benefits, and increase the cost of risk transfer measures, decreasing our profit margins. During certain market events, such as a global credit crisis, a market downturn, or sustained low market returns, we may incur significant losses due to, among other reasons, losses incurred in our general account and the impact of guarantees, including increases in liabilities, capital maintenance obligations and collateral requirements. In addition, during periods of sustained lower interest rates, we may need to reinvest proceeds from certain investments at lower yields, reducing our investment spread. Moreover, borrowers may prepay or redeem the fixed income securities and loans in our investment portfolio with greater frequency. Although we may be able to lower interest crediting rates to help offset decreases in spreads, our ability to lower these rates is limited to our products that have adjustable interest crediting rates, which could be limited by competition or contractually guaranteed minimum rates and may not match the timing or magnitude of changes in asset yields. As a result, our investment spread may decrease or become negative. Reductions in net income from these factors may in turn harm our credit instrument covenants or rating agency assessment of our financial condition. 
 During periods of declining interest rates, life insurance and annuity products may be more attractive investments to consumers, resulting in increased premium payments on certain products, repayment of policy loans and increased persistency, while our new investments carry lower returns. A market interest rate decline could also reduce our return on investments that do not support particular policy obligations. During periods of sustained lower interest rates, we may need to increase our reserves. 
 Credit Spread Risks 
 Changes in credit spreads may result in market price volatility and cash flow variability. Market price volatility can make valuations of our securities difficult if trading becomes less frequent, which may require us to add to our reserves. Market volatility may cause changes in credit spreads, defaults and a lack of pricing transparency. An increase in credit spreads relative to U.S. Treasury benchmarks may increase our borrowing costs and decrease certain product fee income. A sustained decrease in credit spreads could reduce the yield on our future investments. The discount rate used to calculate liabilities for future policy benefits includes a component for market credit spreads. Changes in market credit spreads could result in volatility to liabilities for future policy benefits. 
 Equity Risks 
 Downturns and volatility in equity markets may harm our savings and investment products revenues and investment returns, where fee income is earned based upon the fair value of our managed assets. Our variable annuity business is highly sensitive to equity markets, and a sustained weakness or stagnation in the equity markets may decrease these products revenues and earnings. Furthermore, certain of our variable annuity products offer guaranteed benefits that increase our potential benefit exposure should equity markets decline or stagnate. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Sustained declines in long-term equity returns or interest rates may harm the funding of our pension plans and other post-retirement benefit obligations. An increase in equity markets could increase settlement payments on equity futures and total rate of return swaps TRRs ), which may increase our cash outflows and liquidity needs. 
 The timing of distributions from and valuations of our investments in leveraged buy-out funds, hedge funds and other private equity funds depends on the performance of the underlying investments, distribution schedules, and the funds need for cash. The amount of net investment income from these investments can vary substantially from period to period and significant volatility may harm our returns and net investment income. In addition, downturns or volatility in the equity markets may decrease the estimated fair value of our alternative investments and equity securities. 
 Real Estate Risks 
 Changes in leasable commercial space supply and demand, pandemics and other public health issues, creditworthiness of tenants and partners, capital markets volatility, interest rate fluctuations, commodity prices, farm incomes, housing and commercial property market conditions, and real estate investment supply and demand may adversely impact our investments in commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans, and real estate equity investments including joint ventures. 
 Political, Obligor and Counterparty Risks 
 Our general account investments in certain countries could be adversely affected by volatility resulting from local economic and political concerns, as well as volatility in specific sectors. Government entities may face budget deficits and other financial difficulties, which may harm the value of securities we hold issued by or under the auspices of such governments. In the U.S., one of the most serious threats facing the economy is the disagreement over the federal debt limit which, if not addressed in the coming months, could lead to a default on the federal debt, adverse market impact and a recession this year. 
 The issuers or guarantors of fixed income securities and mortgage loans we own may default on principal and interest payments they owe us. Additionally, the change in value of underlying collateral within mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities ABS and collateralized loan obligations CLO may result in a default on principal and interest payments, reducing our cash flows. The occurrence of a major economic downturn, acts of corporate malfeasance, widening credit spreads, or other adverse events may reduce the estimated fair value of our portfolio of fixed income securities and mortgage loans and increase the default rate of the fixed income securities and mortgage loans in our investment portfolio. 
 Many of our transactions with counterparties such as brokers and dealers, central clearinghouses, commercial banks, investment banks, hedge funds, investment funds, reinsurers and other financial institutions expose us to the risk of counterparty default. Such credit risk may be exacerbated if we cannot realize on the collateral held by us in secured transactions or cannot liquidate such collateral at prices sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. Furthermore, potential action by governments and regulatory bodies, such as controlling investment, nationalization, conservatorship, receivership and other intervention, or lack of action by governments and central banks, as well as deterioration in the banks credit standing, could negatively impact these instruments, securities, transactions and investments or limit our ability to trade with them. These may cause losses or impairments to the carrying value of our investments. 
 Our efforts to manage our total exposure to a single counterparty or limited number of counterparties within or among any of our investment, derivative, treasury, and reinsurance relationships, which we adjust from time to time, may not completely or adequately mitigate counterparty risks. 
 Currency Exchange Rate Risks 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar may adversely affect our non-U.S. dollar denominated investments, investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries, net income from non-U.S. operations and issuance of non-U.S. dollar denominated instruments. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may also make certain of our products less attractive to customers, which may increase levels of early policy terminations and decrease sales volume and our in-force business. Such negative effects may be exacerbated if international markets experience severe economic or financial disruptions or significant currency devaluations, if a foreign economy is determined to be highly inflationary, or if a country withdraws from the Euro zone. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may harm our operations, earnings or investments in the affected countries. 
 We may be unable to mitigate the risk of such changes in exchange rates due to unhedged positions, asymmetrical and non-economic accounting resulting from derivative gains (losses) on non-qualifying hedges, the failure of hedges to 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 effectively offset the impact of the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation, or other factors. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect the translation of results into our U.S. dollar basis consolidated financial statements. 
 Derivatives Risks 
 If our counterparties, clearing brokers or central clearinghouses fail or refuse to honor their obligations under our derivatives agreements, our risks may not be fully hedged. A counterparty, clearing broker, or central clearinghouse may become insolvent or otherwise unable or unwilling to make payments or to return collateral under the terms of derivatives agreements, increasing our costs. If the net estimated fair value of a derivative to which we are a party declines, we may need to pledge additional collateral or make increased payments. In addition, we may face increased costs to the extent we replace counterparties who suffer financial difficulties. Furthermore, our derivatives valuations may change based on changes to our valuation methodology or errors in such valuation or valuation methodology. 
 Terrorism and Security Risks 
 The continued threat of terrorism, ongoing or potential military and other actions, and heightened security measures may cause significant volatility in global financial markets and result in loss of life, property damage, additional disruptions to commerce and reduced economic activity. The value of our investment portfolio may be adversely affected by declines in the credit and equity markets and reduced economic activity caused by such threats. Companies in which we maintain investments may suffer losses as a result of financial, commercial or economic disruptions, and such disruptions might affect the ability of those companies to pay interest or principal on their securities or mortgage loans. Terrorist or military actions also could disrupt our operations centers and result in higher than anticipated claims under our insurance policies. 
 We May Not Meet Our Liquidity Needs, Access Capital, or May Face Significantly Increased Cost of Capital Due to Adverse Capital and Credit Market Conditions 
 In cases of volatility, disruption, or other conditions in global financial markets, we may have to seek additional financing, the availability and cost of which could be adversely affected by market conditions, regulatory considerations, availability of credit to our industry generally, our credit ratings and credit capacity, reduced business activity, or investment losses, and the perception of our financial prospects. Our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. We may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing we need on favorable terms or at all. We may be required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on short notice under securities lending or derivatives agreements or post collateral or make payments related to specified counterparty agreements. 
 Our business and financial results may suffer without sufficient liquidity through impaired ability to pay claims, other operating expenses, interest on our debt and dividends on our capital stock, cash or collateral to our subsidiaries, maintain our securities lending, replace certain maturing liabilities, sustain our operations and investments, and repurchase our common stock. Capital and credit market volatility may limit our access to capital we need to operate, limiting our ability to raise capital, issue the types of securities we would prefer, timely replace maturing liabilities, satisfy regulatory requirements, and access capital to grow our business, any of which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. 
 We May Be Unable to Access Our Credit Facility, Reducing Our Liquidity and Leading to Downgrades in Our Credit and Financial Strength Ratings 
 We may fail to comply with or fulfill all conditions under the unsecured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility MetLife, Inc. and MetLife Funding, Inc. MetLife Funding maintain. Lenders may fail to fund their lending commitments under the Credit Facility due to insolvency, illiquidity or other reasons. 
 We May Lose Business Due to a Downgrade or a Potential Downgrade in Our Financial Strength or Credit Ratings 
 Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations NRSROs and others may, at any time, downgrade our financial strength ratings or credit ratings, lower our ratings outlooks, increase the scope or frequency of their reviews, or increase capital or other requirements to maintain ratings. Such changes could reduce our product sales, reduce cash flows from funding agreements and other capital market products, and force us to change product pricing and increase our financing costs, policy surrenders or withdrawals, collateral requirements, risk of derivative terminations, cost of reinsurance, regulatory scrutiny, or various other factors. 
 We May Not Find Available, Affordable or Adequate Reinsurance to Protect Us Against Losses 
 Reinsurers may increase our reinsurance costs, or may decline to offer us reinsurance, due to policy changes related to pandemics or other public health issues (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), market conditions, or other factors. Our risk of 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 loss may increase if we decrease the amount of our reinsurance. Any of these could harm our ability to write future business or result in the assumption of more risk with respect to the policies we issue. 
 We may incur costs as a result of a reinsurer s insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments, or inability or unwillingness to maintain collateral. 
 Our Statutory Life Insurance Reserve Financings Costs May Increase, and We May Find Limited Market Capacity for New Financings 
 If MetLife s ratings decline, market capacity is limited, or on other repricing occasions, our costs to finance statutory life insurance reserves may increase. If regulators disallow assets to back statutory reserves, we would not be able to take some or all related statutory reserve credit, which may harm the statutory capitalization of certain of our insurance subsidiaries. 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 Changes in Laws or Regulation, or in Supervisory and Enforcement Policies, May Reduce Our Profitability, Limit Our Growth, or Otherwise Adversely Affect Us 
 Insurance or other regulators may change licensing, permit, or approval requirements, or take other actions harmful to us. They may also take actions that harm our customers and independent sales intermediaries or their operations, which may affect our business relationships with them and their ability to purchase or distribute our products. 
 Governments may change regulation of financial services, insurance, variable annuities and variable life insurance, securities, derivatives, pension, health care, accounting, cybersecurity, privacy and data protection, tort reform legislation, taxation, benefit plan investment advice and related fiduciary duties, antitrust as applied to the business of health insurance or otherwise, and other areas. Laws and regulations may also affect customers, sales intermediaries, or others. We or others may fail to comply with these requirements or suffer adverse regulatory examinations or audits. Regulators may also interpret rules differently from the way we have, or change interpretations of laws or rules, and legislators may change statutes. Any of these changes may harm our ability to continue to offer the products we do today or to introduce new products. 
 We may incur costs to comply with laws and regulations and changes to these laws and regulations may increase our expenses and regulatory capital charges. Our failure to comply with our own policies or with regulatory requirements may harm our reputation or result in sanctions or legal claims. 
 Laws, regulations or regulatory actions may limit or change the type, amount or structure of compensation or benefits we offer our employees or others, or may limit or ban the use of non-competition agreements, which may harm our ability to compete in recruiting and retaining key personnel. We may also fail to fulfill our fiduciary or other benefit-related obligations completely. 
 Solvency standards compliance may increase our capital and reserve requirements, risk management costs, and reporting costs. We may be subject to enhanced capital standards, supervision and additional requirements, such as group capital standards or insurer capital standards. MetLife, Inc. could be compelled to undergo FDIC liquidation if it becomes insolvent or is in danger of defaulting on its obligations, imposing greater losses on shareholders and unsecured creditors than under the Bankruptcy Code. This could also apply to financial institutions whose debt we hold and could harm the value of our holdings. We could be assessed charges in connection with a financial company liquidation. 
 Our ability to react to rapidly changing economic conditions and the dynamic, competitive markets may be impaired if our product designs do not allow frequent and contemporaneous revisions of key pricing elements, or if we are unable to work collaboratively with regulators. Changes in regulatory approval processes, rules and other dynamics in the regulatory process could harm our ability to react to such changing conditions. Rules on defined benefit pension plan funding may reduce the likelihood or delay corporate plan sponsors in terminating their plans or engaging in transactions to partially or fully transfer pension obligations. This could affect the mix of our pension risk transfers and increase non-guaranteed funding products. 
 Regulators have reacted and may continue to react to pandemics and other public health issues (such as the COVID-19 pandemic). They may require no lapse in policy coverage regardless of whether we receive premiums or are able to assess fees against policyholder account balances. They may extend insurance coverage beyond our policy or contract terms and may impose premium grace periods, suspend cancellations, lower or freeze premium rates, allow non-contractual withdrawals, and extend proof of loss deadlines, including retroactively, exposing us to risks and costs we are unable to foresee or underwrite. We may also adopt customer accommodations, such as waiving exclusions, forgoing rate increases or implementing lower rate increases than we would otherwise, relaxing claim documentation requirements, relaxing eligibility criteria, granting premium credits, or other accommodations for customers experiencing economic or other distress. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Regulators may restrict our underwriting on public policy or other grounds, excluding factors such as exposure, quarantine, infection, and association with others suffering public health-related effects. 
 Governmental bodies may delay acting on or implementing regulatory or policy changes due to pandemics or other public health issues, or because they are attending to pandemic or public health issues rather than to other topics. This may increase uncertainty, prolong deleterious regulations and policies, delay or prevent beneficial regulatory or policy changes, and create the potential for later, more rapid changes to which we find it more difficult to adjust. 
 Our New York insurance regulator s annual SCL for year-end asset adequacy testing may impose unforeseen assumptions or requirements that require us to increase or release reserves, which could affect our statutory capital and surplus. 
 Governments or Others May Increase our Taxes by Changing or Re-Interpreting Tax Laws, Making Some of Our Products Less Attractive to Consumers 
 Changes in tax laws or interpretations of such laws could increase our corporate taxes, reduce our earnings, and adjust the value of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Changes may increase our effective tax rate or have implications that make our products less attractive to consumers. Tax authorities may enact laws, change regulations to increase existing taxes, or add new types of taxes, and authorities who have not imposed taxes in the past may impose taxes. 
 Customers shifting away from employee benefits, life insurance and annuity contracts, or other tax-preferred products would reduce our income from these products and our asset base, reducing our earnings and potentially affecting the value of our deferred tax assets. 
 We May Face Increasing Litigation and Regulatory Investigations 
 Legal or regulatory actions, inquiries or investigations, whether ongoing or yet to come, could harm our reputation, ability to attract or retain customers or employees, business, financial condition, or results of operations, even if we ultimately prevail. Regulators or private parties may bring class actions, individual suits, or investigations seeking large recoveries and alleging wrongs relating to sales or underwriting practices, claims payments and procedures, failure to adequately or appropriately supervise, inappropriate compensation contrary to licensing requirements, product design, disclosure, administration, investments, denial or delay of benefits, pandemic- or other public health-related practices (such as those related to the COVID-19 pandemic), data security incidents, discriminatory or inequitable practices, and breaches of fiduciary or other duties. We may be unable to anticipate the outcome of a litigation and the amount or range of loss because we do not know how adversaries, fact finders, courts, regulators, or others will evaluate evidence, the law, or accounting principles, and whether they will do so differently than we have. 
 We May Face Changes to Interest Rates, the Value of our Financial Instruments, the Competitiveness of our Products, the Performance of our Investments, and our Relationships Due to LIBOR s Discontinuation and the Uncertainties in Our Transition to Alternative Reference Rates 
 The FCA, the U.K. regulator of LIBOR, and the ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator of LIBOR, have announced the publication cessation dates for all U.S. Dollar and non-U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings. Most settings ceased at the end of December 2021 and the remaining U.S. Dollar settings (overnight and one-, three-, six- and 12-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR) will cease at the end of June 2023. The FCA has proposed that the ICE Benchmark Administration continue publication of one-, three- and six-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings on a synthetic, or non-representative, basis through the end of September, 2024. We continue to actively transition to the alternative reference rates. Differences between LIBOR and the applicable alternative reference rates may impact the value of, return on, and markets for, a broad array of our products, our financial instruments, the instruments in which we invest, or interest or dividend rates on our borrowing, preferred stock or debt. The effects on our business and investments will vary depending on the transition of our existing LIBOR contracts to alternative reference rates, including the adequacy of LIBOR fallback provisions in such contracts, whether, how, and when industry participants adopt alternative reference rates for new products or instruments, the availability of synthetic LIBOR and the applicability of U.S. legislative remedies that address LIBOR transition risk for various legacy U.S. Dollar LIBOR contracts. Uncertainty regarding the continued use and reliability of LIBOR, regarding the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing instruments, or regarding the application or effectiveness of alternative reference rates, could increase our costs, reduce the value of such instruments, or impair our cash or derivative positions. We may not effectively hedge or manage risks from differences among applicable alternative reference rates or timing of when such rates take effect. 
 We may fail to adequately prepare for or react to LIBOR discontinuation and replacement, or fail to fully protect ourselves from all the effects of such changes. We may also fail to manage adequately any transition to alternative reference rates in a way that maintains the competitiveness of our products and the performance of our investment portfolio. Our 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 transition may not effectively protect other aspects of our business, such as our operations and the accuracy of the financial models and valuations we use to gauge our risks, for financial reporting, or other purposes. 
 Any such uncertainties or ineffective management may harm our reputation, our relationships with our investors, customers, or regulators, our financial condition, and our business operations. 
 Our Efforts to Meet Environmental, Social, and Governance Standards and to Enhance the Sustainability of our Businesses May Not Meet Investors', Regulators' or Customers' Expectations 
 Some of our shareholders, investors and customers, or those considering such a relationship with us, evaluate our business or other practices according to a variety of ESG standards and expectations. Some of our regulators have proposed or announced that they plan to propose ESG rules or announced that they intend to review our practices against ESG standards; others may do so in the future. Further, we define our own corporate purpose, in part, by the sustainability of our practices and our impact on all our stakeholders. 
 Our investors or others may evaluate our practices by ESG criteria that are continually evolving and not always clear or readily measurable. These standards and expectations may also, as a whole, reflect contrasting or conflicting values or agendas. Our decisions or priorities must also necessarily, and simultaneously, take account of multiple business goals and interests. Our practices may not change in the particulars or at the rate stakeholders expect. As a result, our efforts to conduct our business in accordance with some or all these expectations may involve trade-offs. In June 2022, we announced our goal to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions for our global operations and general account investment portfolio by 2050 or sooner. We are reorienting our climate commitments to advance this goal, which involves assumptions and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. We may fail to meet our commitments or targets, and our policies and processes to evaluate and manage ESG standards in coordination with other business priorities may not prove completely effective or fully satisfy investors, regulators, customers or others. Customers and potential customers may be prohibited or choose not to do business with us based on our sustainability practices and related policies and actions. We may face adverse regulatory, investor, media, or public scrutiny leading to business, reputational, or legal challenges. 
 Capital Risks 
 We May Not be Able to Pay Dividends or Repurchase Our Stock Due to Legal and Regulatory Restrictions or Cash Buffer Needs 
 Our financial condition, results of operations, cash requirements, future prospects, capital position, liquidity, financial strength and credit ratings, as well as regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by MetLife, Inc. s insurance subsidiaries, general market conditions, the market price of our common stock compared to management s assessment of the stock s underlying value, applicable regulatory approvals, other legal and accounting factors, and any other factors our Board deems relevant may preclude us from paying dividends or repurchasing our common stock. 
 Other factors may affect our ability to pay dividends or repurchase our common stock. Governments, investors or media may pressure us not to repurchase shares of our common stock or other securities, or prohibit us from doing so. Our use of other means to return excess capital to shareholders may be less tax-efficient than repurchases. We maintain a buffer of cash and other liquid assets, and may increase it. As a result, we may have less capital to devote to other uses, such as innovation, acquisitions, development and return of capital to shareholders. We may also be restricted from repurchasing shares or entering into share repurchase programs at times, such as when we are aware of material non-public information. 
 If we do not pay dividends on our preferred stock or pay interest on our junior subordinated debentures or trust securities, terms of those instruments may restrict our ability to pay dividends on or repurchase our common stock. Further, terms applicable to our Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A (the Series A preferred stock ), junior subordinated debentures and trust securities may prevent us from paying dividends or interest on those instruments. We may not be able to eliminate these restrictions through the repayment, redemption or purchase of junior subordinated debentures or other securities. 
 Our Subsidiaries May be Unable to Pay Dividends, a Major Component of Holding Company Free Cash Flow 
 If the cash MetLife, Inc. receives from its subsidiaries through dividends and other payments is insufficient for it to fund its debt service and other holding company obligations, MetLife, Inc. may have to issue debt or equity, or sell assets. MetLife, Inc. may also not meet its free cash flow or shareholder cash distribution goals. 
 Insurance regulators may restrict dividends or other payments above certain amounts where their approval is required if they determine payments could be adverse to our policyholders or contractholders. Business conditions, rating agency considerations, taxation, dividend and repatriation rules, and monetary transfer and foreign currency exchange rules may limit 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 our insurance subsidiaries dividends and other payments. We may need to transfer capital among our companies to comply with net worth maintenance or other support agreements, limiting capital available for other purposes. 
 Investment Risks 
 We May Face Defaults, Downgrades, Volatility or Other Events That Adversely Affect the Investments We Hold 
 In case of a major economic downturn, U.S. government default (or threatened default), acts of corporate malfeasance, widening credit risk spreads, ratings downgrades or other events, our estimated fair value of our fixed income securities and loan portfolios and corresponding earnings may decline, and the default rate of our investment portfolio may increase. These changes could harm the issuers or guarantors of securities or the underlying collateral of structured securities that we hold. We may have to hold more capital to support our securities to maintain our RBC levels if securities we hold suffer a ratings downgrade. Our intent to sell, or our assessment of the likelihood that we will be required to sell, fixed income securities may increase our write-downs or impairments. Our realized losses or impairments on these securities may harm our net income. 
 The default rate, loss severity or other performance of our mortgage loan investments may change. Any concentration of our mortgage loans by geography, tenancy or property type may have an adverse effect on our investment portfolio, the prices we can obtain when we sell assets, and our results of operations or financial condition. Legislation or regulations that would allow or require modifications to the terms of, or impact the value of, mortgage loans or other investments could harm our investment portfolio. 
 Pandemics and other major public health issues (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) have affected and may continue to affect financial markets and our investment portfolio. These may continue to contribute to our risk of investment defaults, downgrades and volatility, and lower variable investment income and returns, and may cause or exacerbate any of the investment risks we describe in these risk factors. 
 Market volatility affects the value of or return on our investments. It may slow or prevent us from reacting to market events as effectively as we otherwise could. When we sell our investment holdings, we may not receive the prices we seek, and may sell at a price lower than our carrying value, due to reduced liquidity during periods of market volatility or disruption, or other reasons. Borrowers may delay or fail to pay principal and interest when due, or may demand loan modifications. Tenants may delay paying rent, or fail to pay it, or demand lease modifications. We may face moratoriums on foreclosures and other enforcement actions impairments, and loan or lease modifications, due to government action or market conditions. We may also encounter credit spread changes, increasing our borrowing costs and decreasing our product fee income. Issuer or guarantor default rates may increase. 
 We May Have Difficulty Selling Holdings in Our Investment Portfolio or in Our Securities Lending Program in a Timely Manner to Realize Their Full Value 
 When we sell holdings in our investment portfolio, we may not receive the price we seek and may sell at a price lower than our carrying value. We may face unfavorable conditions in privately-placed fixed income securities, private structured credit, certain derivative instruments, mortgage loans, policy loans, direct financing and leveraged leases, other limited partnership interests, tax credit and renewable energy partnerships, and real estate equity, including real estate joint ventures and funds. Our investments may suffer reduced liquidity during periods of market volatility or disruption or for other reasons. In addition, central banks' efforts to provide market liquidity or otherwise address market conditions may not be successful or sufficient. We may realize losses that harm our financial metrics, which could harm our compliance with our credit requirements and rating agency capital adequacy measures. 
 We may face similar risks if we are required under our securities lending program to return significant amounts of cash collateral that we have invested. Our securities lending activities and profitability may decrease. 
 We May Have to Pledge Collateral or Make Payments in Derivatives Transactions 
 We may have to pledge additional collateral and increase payments we make under our derivatives transactions. Regulators, clearinghouses, or counterparties may restrict or eliminate eligible collateral, increase our collateral requirements, or charge us to pledge such collateral, which would increase our costs, reduce our investment income, and harm our liquidity. 
 We May Change Our Securities and Investments Valuation, or Take Allowances and Impairments on Our Investments, or Change Our Methodologies, Estimations, and Assumptions 
 During periods of market disruption or rapidly changing market conditions, such as significantly rising or high interest rates, rapidly widening credit spreads or illiquidity, or infrequent trading, or when market data is limited, our assets may become less liquid. We may base our asset valuations on less observable and more subjective judgments, assumptions, or 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 methods that may result in estimated fair values that significantly vary by period, and may exceed the investment s sale price. The estimated fair value of our securities may also decrease due to changes in valuation methods and assumptions. 
 Business Risks 
 Our Actual Claims or Other Results May Differ From Our Estimates, Assumptions, or Models 
 If our actual claims experience is less favorable than the underlying underwriting, reserving, and other assumptions we used in establishing claim liabilities, we could be required to reduce value of business acquired VOBA ), increase our liabilities, or incur higher costs. 
 The amounts that we will ultimately pay to settle our liabilities, particularly when those payments may not occur until well into the future, may vary from what we expect. We may change our liability assumptions and increase our liabilities based on actual experience and accounting requirements. Our operating practices and procedures that support our policyholders and contractholder obligation assumptions, such as obtaining, accumulating, and filtering data, and our use of technology, such as database analysis and electronic communications, may affect our reserve estimates. If these practices and procedures do not accurately produce the data to support our assumptions or cause us to change our assumptions, or if enhanced technological tools become available to us, we may change those assumptions and procedures, as well as our reserves. If any of our operating practices and procedures do not accurately produce, or reproduce, data that we use to conduct any or all aspects of our business, such deviations or errors may negatively impact our business, reputation, results of operations, or financial condition. We may change our assumptions, models, or reserves due to changes in longevity. Increases in the prevalence and accuracy of genetic testing, or restrictions on its use, may exacerbate adverse selection risks. 
 Pandemics and other public health issues (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) have caused and may continue to cause increased claims under many of our policies (for example, life, disability, leave, long-term care, major medical and supplemental health products), raising our resulting costs. Governments or others may fail to produce accurate population and impact data that we use in our estimates, assumptions, models, or reserves, such as death rates, infections, morbidity, hospitalization, or illness. This may cause or exacerbate any of the risks related to our estimates or assumptions. Pandemics and other public health issues may cause related or consequential long-term economic, social, political, policy, regulatory, business, demographic, or other changes to our claims or other areas subject to estimates, assumptions, models, or reserves. We may not accurately predict, prepare, and adjust to these changes. 
 We May Face a Variety of Political, Legal, Operational, Economic and Other Risks Globally 
 The global nature of our business operations exposes us to a wide range of political, legal, operational, economic and other risks, including but not limited to: nationalization or expropriation of assets; imposition of limits on foreign ownership of local companies; changes in laws, their application or interpretation; political instability; economic or trade sanctions; sanctions on cross-border exchange listing, investment or other securities transactions; dividend limitations; price controls; currency exchange controls or other transfer or exchange restrictions; difficulty enforcing contracts; regulatory restrictions; and public or political criticism of our business and operations. Some of these actions may affect us more harshly than our peers. Some of our businesses operate in emerging markets, where many of these risks are heightened. 
 We face other risks that may affect our global operations and investments, including those related to the imposition of tariffs or other barriers to international trade, changes to international trade agreements, uncertainties in intergovernmental organizations, pension system reforms, labor problems with workers associations or trade unions, and reliance on interconnected information systems and the security of such systems. 
 Expanding our operations to new businesses or jurisdictions may require considerable management time and expenses before significant, if any, revenues and earnings are generated, which may reduce management and financial resources available for other uses. Our operations in new or existing markets may be unprofitable or achieve low margins. 
 We May Face Competition for Business 
 Competitive pressures, based on a number of factors including service, product features, scale, price, financial strength, claims-paying ratings, credit ratings, e-business capabilities, name recognition, performance against ESG metrics, technology, adaptation in light of pandemics and other public health issues, changes in regulation and taxes, and other factors, may adversely affect the persistency of our products and our ability to sell products in the future. We may be harmed by competition from other insurance companies, as well as non-insurance financial services companies, which may have a broader array of products, more competitive pricing, higher claims paying ability ratings, greater financial resources with which to compete, or pre-existing customer bases for financial services products. Additionally, we may lose purchasers of group insurance products that are underwritten annually due to more favorable terms from competitors. Furthermore, the 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 investment management and securities brokerage businesses have relatively low barriers to entry and continually attract new entrants. Our customers and clients may engage other financial service providers, resulting in our loss of business. 
 An increase in consolidation activity among banks, brokers and broker-dealers may negatively impact the insurance industry s sales. It may increase competition for access to distributors, resulting in greater distribution expenses, and may impair our ability to market insurance products to or expand our current customer base. Consolidation and other industry changes may also increase the likelihood that distributors will renegotiate agreements on terms less favorable to us. 
 In addition, legislative and other changes affecting the regulatory environment for our business may not impact all activities and companies equally, which could adversely affect our competitive position within the insurance industry and the broader financial services industry. 
 We Face Technological Changes That Present New and Intensified Challenges and May Fail to Foresee or Adapt to These Changes 
 Our business operations rely on functioning and secure information systems and those of our vendors. Technological changes present us with new or intensified challenges, and if we are unable to foresee or adapt to these changes, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. For example, our assumptions, models and reserves may need to be modified if we are unable to accurately, timely, or completely process, store and retrieve the increased volume and variety of information relating to our businesses, including information related to deaths, that new technological tools for data collection and analysis make available. 
 Similarly, our distribution channels may become more automated to increase flexibility of access to our services and products. We may incur significant costs to implement and adapt to such changes. If we are unsuccessful, our results of operations, competitive position, reputation and customer and distribution relationships may be harmed. Steps taken to adapt to these changes, such as changes to the method of collection and analysis of data, could also expose us to litigation or other regulatory and legal actions. 
 Technological changes may affect our business model and how we interact with existing or prospective customers, and evolving consumer preferences may require a redesign of our products and investment composition. For example, changes in energy technology and increasing consumer preferences for e-commerce may harm the profitability of some businesses. We may fail to adjust our investments accordingly or suffer stranded assets. If we are unable to update our business model to match evolving consumer preferences and purchasing behavior, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 New technologies may impact the configuration of our information systems, and how they connect with those of our vendors, service providers and/or partners. Such technological developments may introduce or uncover information security vulnerabilities, which may result in breaches or increased costs associated with maintaining appropriate cybersecurity and data protection measures or enforcement actions against us by regulators. Any such vulnerability that results in a security breach or failure of our information systems, or those of third parties on which we rely, may result in litigation, regulatory action, negative impacts to our business operations, and reputational harm. 
 We May Face Catastrophes That Affect Liabilities for Policyholder Claims and Reinsurance Availability 
 Catastrophic events could increase claims, impair assets in or otherwise harm our investment portfolio, and could harm our reinsurers financial condition, increasing reinsurance defaults. Catastrophic events may also reduce economic activity in affected areas, which could harm our existing business or prospects for new business, or the value of our investments. The severity of claims from catastrophic events may be higher if property values increase due to inflation or other factors or our insured lives or property are geographically concentrated. 
 Pandemics and other public health issues or other events may cause a large number of illnesses or deaths. Hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, tornadoes, explosions, severe winter weather, fires, floods and mudslides, blackouts and man-made events such as riot, insurrection, terrorist attacks or acts of war may also cause catastrophic losses and increased claims. An event that affects the workforce of one or more of our customers could increase our mortality or morbidity claims. Governmental and non-governmental organizations may not effectively mitigate catastrophes' effects. 
 Consistent with industry practice and accounting standards, we establish liabilities for claims arising from a catastrophe only after assessing the probable losses arising from the event. The liabilities we have established may not be adequate to cover our actual claim liabilities. Our efforts to manage risks may be impeded by restrictions on our ability to withdraw from catastrophe-prone areas or on reinsurance transactions. We may be unable to obtain catastrophe reinsurance at rates we find acceptable, or at all. We may also be called upon to make contributions to guaranty associations or similar organizations as a result of catastrophes. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 We May Face Direct or Indirect Effects of Climate Change or Responses to It 
 Climate change may increase the frequency and severity of short-, medium-, or long-term weather-related disasters, public health incidents, and pandemics, and their effects may increase over time. Climate change regulation may harm the value of investments we hold or harm our counterparties, including reinsurers, or increase our compliance costs. Our regulators may also increasingly focus their examinations on our management of climate-related risks. 
 We May Need to Fund Deficiencies in Our Closed Block, and May Not Re-Allocate Closed Block Assets 
 The closed block assets established in connection with the MLIC demutualization, their cash flows, and the revenue from the closed block policies may not be sufficient to provide for the policies guaranteed benefits. If they are not, we must fund the shortfall. We may choose, for competitive or other reasons, to support policyholder dividend payments with our general account funds. Such actions may reduce funds otherwise available for other uses. 
 We May Be Required to Recognize an Impairment of Our Goodwill or Other Long-Lived Assets or to Establish a Valuation Allowance Against Our Deferred Income Tax Assets 
 We may reduce our estimated fair value of business units, impairing our goodwill and charging net income, if prolonged market declines or other factors negatively impact the performance of our businesses. 
 We may write down long-lived assets if we conclude we will be unable to recover their carrying amount. 
 We may charge net income because we determine that it is more likely than not that we will not realize a deferred income tax asset based on the performance of the business and its ability to generate future taxable income. In addition, we may need to adjust the value of deferred tax assets and liabilities if tax rates change. 
 We May Be Required to Impair VOBA, VODA or VOCRA 
 Adverse changes to investment returns, mortality, morbidity, persistency, interest crediting rates, dividends paid to policyholders, expenses to administer the business, creditworthiness of reinsurance counterparties, significant or sustained equity market declines, significant changes to bond spreads, and certain other economic variables, such as inflation, could cause an impairment of the value of distribution agreements acquired VODA ), VOBA or the value of customer relationships acquired VOCRA ). We may accelerate amortization or impair these assets in the period these occur. 
 We May Face Volatility, Higher Risk Management Costs, and Increased Counterparty Risk Due to Guarantees Within Certain of Our Products 
 Our liabilities for guaranteed benefits, including but not limited to no-lapse guarantee benefits, guaranteed minimum death benefits GMDBs ), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits GMWBs ), guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits GMABs ), guaranteed minimum income benefits GMIBs ), and minimum crediting rate features could increase if equity or fixed income funds decline or become more volatile, or interest rates remain low or decrease. 
 Our derivatives and other risk management strategies to hedge our economic exposure to these liabilities may harm our results. Our use of reinsurance, derivatives, or other risk management techniques may not sufficiently offset the costs of guarantees or protect us against losses from changes in policyholder behavior, mortality, or market events. 
 Policyholders may also change their behavior in unexpected ways. For example, policyholders and contractholders seeking liquidity due to economic uncertainty or challenges may withdraw or surrender, change their premium payment practices, exercise product options, or take other actions at rates different from those we expect. 
 Operational Risks 
 Our Risk Management Policies and Procedures, or Our Models, May Leave Us Exposed to Unidentified or Unanticipated Risk 
 Our enterprise risk management and business continuity policies and procedures may not be sufficiently comprehensive and may not identify or adequately protect us from every risk to which we are exposed. 
 Pandemics and other public health issues (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), and authorities and people s reactions thereto, have resulted in and may continue to result in remote, hybrid and/or flexible office working arrangements and other unusual conditions. These may strain our risk management and our business continuity plans, introduce or increase our operational and cybersecurity risks, and otherwise impair our ability to manage our business. They may increase the frequency and sophistication of attempts at unauthorized access to our technology systems. They may hinder our efforts to prevent money-laundering or other fraud, whether due to limited abilities to know our customers, strains on our programs 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 to avoid and deter foreign corrupt practices, or otherwise, and may increase both our compliance costs and our risk of violations. 
 The assumptions, projections and data on which our risk management models are based may be inaccurate, and our models may not be suitable for their purpose, be misused, not operate properly, and contain errors. Our decisions and model adjustments, including determination of reserves, are based on such model output and reports and may be flawed. We may fail to identify or remediate model errors adequately. Our models may not fully predict future exposures or correctly reflect past experience. 
 Our evaluation of markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence or other matters may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. We may not effectively identify and monitor all risks or appropriately limit our exposures and our associates, vendors or non-employee sales agents may not follow our risk management policies and procedures. Past or future misconduct by our associates, vendors or non-employee sales agents could result in investigations, violations of law, regulatory sanctions, and litigation. We may have to implement more extensive or different risk management policies and procedures due to legal and regulatory requirements. 
 Our Policies and Procedures May Be Insufficient to Protect Us From Operational Risks 
 We may make errors in any of the large number of transactions we process through our complex administrative systems. Our controls and procedures to prevent such errors may not be effective. Our controls and procedures to comply with and enforce contractual obligations may not always be effective. Mistakes can subject us to claims from our customers. 
 If we are unable to obtain necessary and accurate information from our customers or their employees, we may be unable to provide or verify coverage and pay claims, or we may pay claims without sufficient documentation. 
 Pandemics and other public health issues (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) have increased, and may continue to increase, our administrative expenses and have impacted the reliability and efficacy of our operational processes. They may affect our employees, agents, brokers and distribution partners, vendors, other service providers and counterparties. We may have difficulties conducting our business, including continued challenges in selling some of our products, such as those traditionally sold in person. We may face increased workplace safety costs and risks, lose access to critical employees, and face increased employment-related claims and employee-relations challenges. Any of the third parties to whom we outsource certain critical business activities may fail to perform due to a force majeure or otherwise. 
 The controls of our vendors on whom we rely may not meet our standards or be adequate. Our vendors could fail to perform their services accurately, consistently with applicable law or timely. Our exchange of information with vendors may be imperfect, or our vendors may suffer financial or reputational distress. Each of these may cause errors, misconduct, or discontinuation of services. 
 We may fail to escheat property timely and completely. As a result, we may incur charges, reserve strengthening, and expenses, regulatory examinations, or penalties. 
 Our practices and procedures may, at times, limit our efforts to contact all our customers, which may result in delayed, untimely, or missed customer payments. 
 Our associates, vendors, non-employee sales agents, customers, or others may commit fraud against us. Our policies and procedures may be ineffective in preventing, detecting or mitigating fraud and other illegal or improper acts. 
 We may fail to attract, motivate and retain employees, develop talent, and plan for management succession. The institution of protocols relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and policies relating to workplace flexibility may exacerbate these concerns. Additionally, attrition could cause a lapse in implementation of policies and procedures. 
 Notwithstanding our compliance with regulatory and accounting requirements in relation to internal controls and our conclusion that internal control over financial reporting is effective as of the date reported, there is a risk that the Company s internal controls will prove ineffective and significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in internal controls may occur in the future. 
 We May Fail to Protect the Confidentiality and Integrity of Our Data, Including As a Result of a Failure in Our Cybersecurity or Other Information Security Systems or Our Disaster Recovery Plans or Those of Our Vendors 
 Our business is highly dependent upon the effective operation of our information systems, and those of our service providers, vendors, and other third parties. Our business relies on the proper functioning of these systems, including processing claims, transactions and applications, providing information to customers and distributors, performing actuarial analyses, retaining customer and business records and other core business functions. A failure in the security of such systems, use by our employees or agents of unauthorized tools, software or other technology to communicate with customers or 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 business counterparties or a failure to maintain the security of our internal or external vendors systems, or the confidential information stored thereon, may adversely affect our ability to conduct business, result in regulatory enforcement action and litigation, and harm our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 
 We, our employees, and our vendors, like other commercial entities, continue to be targeted by or subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized or fraudulent access, human errors, ransomware or cyber-attacks, and other breaches of cybersecurity and information security systems. Globally, the frequency, severity and sophistication of cybersecurity incidents have increased, and these trends may continue. While we have implemented, and we require our critical vendors to implement, what we believe to be effective cybersecurity and data protection measures, including a formal risk-based information security program, our efforts to minimize the risk of cyber-incidents and protect our information technology may be insufficient to prevent break-ins, attacks, fraud, security breaches or other unauthorized access to our and our vendors systems, including as a result of software code that contains vulnerabilities that are unknown to us or our vendors that may increase the potential of cyber-attacks or unauthorized access. We may not timely detect such incidents. If we or our vendors fail to prevent, detect, address and mitigate such incidents, we may suffer significant financial and reputational harm. There is no assurance that our security measures or those of our vendors, including information security policies, administrative, technical and physical controls and other actions designed as preventative, will provide fully effective protection from such events. 
 In addition, we routinely transmit, receive and store personal, confidential and proprietary information by electronic means, including customers confidential health-related information. Although we attempt to keep such information confidential and secure, we may be unable to do so in all events, and we or our vendors may also fail to maintain adequate internal controls or comply with relevant policies and procedures designed to ensure the privacy of sensitive data. Such failure may result in our or our vendors intentional or unintentional disclosure or misuse of confidential information, as well as others misappropriation of such confidential information, which could damage our reputation, reduce demand for our products and services and subject us to significant legal and regulatory liability and expenses, which would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We, our vendors, our reinsurers, and our customers may suffer disasters such as a natural catastrophe, epidemic, pandemic, industrial accident, blackout, computer virus, terrorist attack, ransomware or cyber-attack, or war, and ours or their disaster recovery systems may be insufficient to safeguard our ability to conduct normal business operations, obtain reinsurance and maintain our critical business or information technology systems in such circumstances, particularly if such disasters affect computer-based data processing, transmission, storage and retrieval systems and/or destroy or otherwise adversely impact the confidentiality, integrity or availability of valuable data or the financial wherewithal of reinsurers or vendors. Our ability to conduct business effectively and maintain the security, integrity, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data could be severely compromised if, as a result of such disaster, key personnel are unavailable, or our vendors ability to provide goods and services and our associates ability to perform their job responsibilities are impaired. We may not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to protect us from all losses that may result from such interruptions, and any insurance for liability, operational and other risks may become less readily available or more expensive in the future. 
 We may not be able to reliably access all the documents and records in the information storage systems we use, whether electronic or physical. We may fail to obtain or maintain all the records we need to administer and establish appropriate reserves for benefits and claims accurately and timely. If a data breach released any of our sensitive financial information, then customers, investors, or regulators may develop an inaccurate perception of our financial condition or results of operations. We could be compelled to publicly disclose information prematurely in order to dispel such inaccurate perceptions, or in order to fulfill our disclosure obligations, even if we do not believe the information is yet completely reliable or confirmed per our usual internal controls and disclosure controls. This may result in harm to our reputation. 
 Regulators or others scrutiny of cybersecurity, including new laws or regulations, could increase our compliance costs and operational burdens, especially as regulatory and legislative focus on cybersecurity matters intensifies. Regulators, customers, or others may act against us for any cybersecurity failures. We also have an increasing challenge of attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel to assist us in combating these security threats. Our continuous technological evaluations and enhancements, including changes designed to update our protective measures, may increase our risk of a breach or gap in our security. We may incur higher costs to comply with laws on, or regulators scrutiny of, our use, collection, management, or transfer of data and other privacy practices. We are continuously evaluating and enhancing our cybersecurity and information security systems and creating new systems and processes. However, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in preventing or limiting the impact of future cybersecurity incidents. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 We May Face Changes in Accounting Standards 
 Authorities may change accounting standards that apply to us, and we may adopt changes earlier than required. Changes in accounting rules applicable to our business may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. For a discussion of the impact of accounting pronouncements issued but not yet implemented, see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Our Associates May Take Excessive Risks 
 Our associates, including executives and others who manage sales, investments, products, wholesaling, underwriting, and others, may take excessive risks. Our compensation programs and practices, and our other controls, may not effectively deter excessive risk-taking or misconduct. 
 We May Have Difficulty in or Complications from Marketing and Distributing Our Products 
 Our product distributors may suspend, alter, reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us if we change our strategy, if our business performance declines, as a result of rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks, or for other reasons. Our distributors may merge, change their business models in ways that affect us, or terminate their distribution contracts with us, and new distribution channels could emerge, harming our distribution efforts. Distributors may try to renegotiate the terms of any existing selling agreements to less favorable terms due to consolidation or other industry changes or for other reasons. Disruption or changes to our relationships with our distributors could harm our ability to market our products. 
 Our employees or unaffiliated firms or agents may distribute our products in an inappropriate manner, or our customers may not understand them or whether they are suitable. 
 We May Change Our Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Assumptions 
 We may change our discount rate, rate of return on plan assets, mortality rate, compensation level or medical trends assumptions, harming our benefit plan estimates. 
 We May be Unable to Protect Our Intellectual Property and May Face Infringement Claims 
 We may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing on or misappropriating our intellectual property. We may incur litigation costs to enforce and protect it or to determine its scope or validity, and we may not be successful. 
 In addition, we may be subject to claims by third parties for infringement of intellectual property, breach of license usage rights, or misappropriation of trade secrets. We may incur significant expenses for any such claims. If we are found to have infringed or misappropriated a third-party intellectual property right, we may be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers or from utilizing and benefiting from certain intellectual property. Alternatively, we could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties or implement a costly alternative. 
 Risks Related to Acquisitions, Dispositions or Other Structural Changes 
 We May Face Difficulties, Unforeseen Liabilities, Asset Impairments or Rating Actions from Business Acquisitions or Integrating and Managing Growth of Such Businesses, Dispositions of Businesses, or Legal Entity Reorganizations 
 Acquisitions and dispositions of businesses, joint ventures, and other structural changes expose us to a number of risks arising from, among other factors, economic, operational, strategic, financial, tax, legal, regulatory, and compliance. As a result, there can be no assurance that any acquisition, disposition or reorganization will be completed as contemplated, or at all. We may not realize the anticipated economic, strategic or other benefits of any transaction. Effecting these transactions may result in unforeseen expenditures and liabilities or a performance different than we expected. The areas where we face risks include, among others, rights to indemnification for losses, regulatory, liquidity and capital requirements, loss of customers, distributors, vendors and key personnel, diversion of management time and resources to acquisition integration challenges or growth strategies from maximizing business value, and inability to realize anticipated efficiencies. Our success in conducting business through joint ventures will depend on our ability to manage a variety of issues, including: (i) our exposure to additional operational, financial, legal, tax or compliance risks as a result of entry into certain joint ventures; (ii) our dependence on a joint venture counterparty given limits on our ownership or distribution requirements, as well as for resources, including capital and product distribution, may reduce our control over, financial returns from, or the value of a joint venture; and (iii) our counterparties' cooperation or their ability to meet obligations, or election to alter, modify or terminate a relationship. 
 Reorganizing or consolidating the legal entities through which we conduct business may raise similar risks. Our success in realizing the benefits from legal entity reorganizations will also depend on our management of various issues, including 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 regulatory approvals, modification of our operations and changes to our investment portfolios or derivatives hedging activities. 
 Any of these risks, if realized, could prevent us from achieving the benefits we expect from such transactions. 
 We May Face Risks Related to Our Separation from Brighthouse 
 We may not realize any or all of the expected tax or other benefits of the Brighthouse separation. Brighthouse may not succeed, causing litigation or regulatory claims against us. 
 Governance Risks 
 MetLife, Inc. s Board of Directors May Influence the Outcome of Stockholder Votes on Matters Due to the Voting Provisions of the MetLife Policyholder Trust 
 Our Board of Directors may be able to influence stockholder votes by virtue of the provisions of the MetLife Policyholder Trust and the number of shares of MetLife, Inc. common stock held by it. Trust beneficiary vote instructions are likely to have disproportionate weight on votes concerning certain fundamental corporate actions because the trustee will vote all the shares of common stock held by the trust in proportion to those instructions actually received. 
 We may incur regulatory, mailing, or other costs related to the termination of the trust, distribution of the common stock held in the trust to beneficiaries and the resulting increase in the number of shareholders. The increase to our shareholder base with full voting rights may affect the outcome of matters brought to a stockholder vote and other aspects of our corporate governance. 
 State or Federal Laws, or MetLife, Inc. s Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws, May Delay, Deter or Prevent Takeovers and Business Combinations 
 State laws, federal laws and MetLife, Inc. s certificate of incorporation and by-laws may delay, deter or prevent a takeover attempt that stockholders might consider favorable. These provisions may adversely affect the price of MetLife, Inc. s common stock if they discourage takeover attempts. 
 Stockholders changes to MetLife, Inc. s corporate governance may make it more difficult for the Board of Directors to protect stockholders interests. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 MetLife has no unresolved comments from the SEC staff regarding its periodic or current reports under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 21 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Issuer Common Equity 
 MetLife, Inc. s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol MET on April 5, 2000. 
 At Februa ry 14, 2023, there were 73,182 stockholders of record of our common stock. 
 See Item 12 for information about our equity compensation plans. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Purchases of MetLife, Inc. common stock made by or on behalf of MetLife, Inc. or its affiliates during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 are set forth below: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) October 1 - October 31, 2022 2,790,495 63.24 2,790,495 1,625,053,649 November 1 - November 30, 2022 2,301,836 74.94 2,301,836 1,452,554,390 December 1 - December 31, 2022 3,373,502 73.37 3,373,371 1,205,055,962 Total 8,465,833 8,465,702 
 __________________ 
 (1) During the periods October 1 through October 31, 2022, November 1 through November 30, 2022 and December 1 through December 31, 2022, separate account index funds purchased 0 shares, 0 shares and 131 shares, respectively, of MetLife, Inc. common stock on the open market in non-discretionary transactions. 
 (2) In May 2022, MetLife, Inc. announced that its Board of Directors authorized 3.0 billion of common stock repurchases. At December 31, 2022, MetLife, Inc. had 1.2 billion of common stock repurchases remaining under the authorization. For more information on common stock repurchases, see Risk Factors Capital Risks We May Not be Able to Pay Dividends or Repurchase Our Stock Due to Legal and Regulatory Restrictions or Cash Buffer Needs, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company Liquidity and Capital Uses Common Stock Repurchases and Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Common Stock Performance Graph 
 The graph and table below compare the total return on our common shares with the total return on the S P Global Ratings S P 500, S P 500 Insurance, S P 500 Financials and S P 500 Life Health Insurance indices, respectively, for the five-year period ended on December 31, 2022. The graph and table show the total return on a hypothetical 100 investment in our common shares and in each index, respectively, on December 31, 2017, including the reinvestment of all dividends. We have added the S P 500 Life Health Insurance Index to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as the companies in this index comprise a more relevant comparator group in terms of business, scale, performance drivers, and competition for investor capital than the other indices included in the graph and table below. The graph and table below shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed, or to be incorporated by reference in future filings with the SEC, or to be subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 MetLife, Inc. common stock 100.00 84.23 108.53 104.82 144.05 171.75 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P 500 Insurance 100.00 88.79 114.88 114.38 151.12 166.42 S P 500 Financials 100.00 86.97 114.91 112.96 152.54 136.48 S P 500 Life Health Insurance 100.00 79.23 97.60 88.35 120.76 133.25 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Reserved 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Index to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Page Forward-Looking Statements and Other Financial Information 
 52 
 Executive Summary 
 52 
 Consolidated Company Outlook 
 54 
 Industry Trends 
 55 
 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 62 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 70 
 Results of Operations 
 71 
 Investments 
 88 
 Derivatives 
 104 
 Policyholder Liabilities 
 106 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 113 
 Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 129 
 Future Adoption of Accounting Pronouncements 
 129 
 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Disclosures 
 130 
 Risk Management 
 133 
 Subsequent Events 
 135 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements and Other Financial Information 
 For purposes of this discussion, MetLife, the Company, we, our and us refer to MetLife, Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1999, its subsidiaries and affiliates. This discussion should be read in conjunction with Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Risk Factors, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and the Company s consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations may contain or incorporate by reference information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. See Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for cautionary language regarding forward-looking statements. 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes references to our performance measures, adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, that are not based on GAAP. See Non-GAAP and Other Financial Disclosures for definitions and a discussion of these and other financial measures, and Results of Operations and Investments for reconciliations of historical non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 
 For information relating to the Company s financial condition and results of operations as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, as well as for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with the year ended December 31, 2020, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in MetLife, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 
 Overview 
 MetLife is one of the world s leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. MetLife is organized into five segments: U.S.; Asia; Latin America; EMEA; and MetLife Holdings. In addition, the Company reports certain of its results of operations in Corporate Other. See Business Segments and Corporate Other and Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company s segments and Corporate Other. 
 Current Year Highlights 
 During 2022, adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased compared to 2021 driven by growth in our U.S. segment, primarily in our RIS business. Equity market returns had a less favorable impact on our private equity funds and hedge funds compared to 2021 and resulted in lower investment yields, however, positive net flows drove an increase in our investment portfolio. An unfavorable change in net investment gains (losses) primarily reflects 2022 losses versus 2021 gains on sales of fixed maturity securities and the 2021 gain on the sale of Metropolitan Property and Casualty Insurance Company and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, MetLife P C ), partially offset by the 2021 losses on the sale of certain subsidiaries. Higher long-term interest rates drove an unfavorable change in net derivative gains (losses). Underwriting experience was favorable and reflected an overall decline in COVID-19 related claims. Our actuarial assumption review resulted in a gain in 2022 versus a charge in 2021. In addition, 2022 results include the favorable impact from a reinsurance recapture and the unfavorable impact from model refinements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The following represents segment level results and percentage contributions to total segment level adjusted earnings available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 (1) Excludes Corporate Other adjusted loss ava ilable to common sharehold ers of 844 million. 
 (2) Consistent with GAAP guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings is our GAAP measure of segment performance. For additional information, see Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Consolidated Results - Highlights Net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc. s common shareholders down 4.0 billion: Unfavorable change in net investment gains (losses) of 2.8 billion 2.2 billion, net of income tax) Unfavorable change in net derivative gains (losses) of 144 million 114 million, net of income tax) (2) 
 Favorable change from actuarial assumption reviews of 356 million 269 million, net of income tax) (3) 
 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders down 2.4 billion (1) See Results of Operations Consolidated Results and Non-GAAP and Other Financial Disclosures for reconciliations and definitions of non-GAAP financial measures. 
 (2) Includes amounts relating to investment hedge adjustments, which are also included in adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. See Investments Current Environment Investment Portfolio Results for additional information. 
 (3) Includes amounts recognized in net derivative gains (losses) and adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. See Results of Operations Consolidated Results Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Actuarial Assumption Review and Certain Other Insurance Adjustments for additional information. 
 Consolidated Results - Adjusted Earnings Highlights Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders was down 2.4 billion primarily due to (i) lower investment yields as a result of the unfavorable impact of lower equity market returns on our private equity funds and hedge funds, (ii) higher interest credited expense and (iii) higher expenses, partially offset by (i) higher net investment income due to a larger average invested asset base, and (ii) favorable underwriting, primarily driven by an overall decline in COVID-19 related claims. 
 Our results for 2022 also included the favorable impacts from a reinsurance recapture in our U.S. segment, a reinsurance settlement in our MetLife Holdings segment and our actuarial assumption review, as well as the unfavorable impact from model refinements in our MetLife Holdings segment. Our results for 2021 included the favorable impacts of tax adjustments related to an IRS audit settlement and the non-cash transfer of assets from a wholly-owned U.K. investment subsidiary to its U.S. parent, as well as the release of a legal reserve, all in Corporate Other, and the unfavorable impact of our actuarial assumption review. 
 
 For a more in-depth discussion of our consolidated results, see Results of Operations Consolidated Results, Results of Operations Consolidated Results Adjusted Earnings and Results of Operations Segment Results and Corporate Other. 
 
 Consolidated Company Outlook 
 Our outlook reflects the impacts of the adoption of targeted improvements to the accounting for long-duration contracts LDTI ). We assume COVID-19 to be endemic consistent with the recent trends that we have been experiencing. We expect continued uncertainty to persist around inflation and a potential recession. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 We expect interest rates to remain elevated relative to December 31, 2022. We believe that our investment portfolio is highly diversified and positioned to perform well in a variety of economic scenarios. See Industry Trends Impact of Market Interest Rates for discussion of the mitigating actions the Company has taken to reduce interest rate sensitivity, as market interest rates are a key driver of our results. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 5.4 billion of cash and liquid assets at the holding companies which is above the high end of our 3.0 billion to 4.0 billion holding company cash target. In 2023, we expect to maintain this holding company cash target. 
 Our continued capital stress testing and longstanding commitment to liquidity position us to withstand a variety of economic conditions. We do not expect any material liquidity deficiencies, and we expect to remain able to comply with the financial covenants of our credit agreements. See Liquidity and Capital Resources. We will continue reviewing accounting estimates, asset valuations and various financial scenarios for capital and liquidity implications. See Investments Current Environment and Risk Factors for additional information. 
 Assuming (i) interest rates following the observable forward yield curves as of December 31, 2022, including a 10-year U.S. Treasury rate of 3.88 at December 31, 2022, and 3.84 at December 31, 2023, (ii) S P 500 equity index annual return of 5 over the near-term, and (iii) private equity annual returns of 12 over the near-term consistent with historical long-term averages; we expect to maintain the two-year average annual ratio of free cash flow to adjusted earnings, excluding total notable items, at 65 to 75 . 
 Further, based on the aforementioned assumptions, the growing impact of our mix of business and higher new business returns over the last several years, as well as the impact of LDTI, we are increasing our target for adjusted return on equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI other than foreign currency translation adjustments FCTA to 13 to 15 over the near-term. Lastly, we expect to exceed our goals to generate approximately 20.0 billion of free cash flow and make available an additional 1.0 billion to invest in growth and innovation, over the time period of 2020 through 2024. 
 Our full year direct expense ratio target, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and pension risk transfers, is 12.6 over the near-term. This increase from the previous target of 12.3 reflects a reduction in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding pension risk transfers, due to the impact of the adoption of LDTI. Since this change in accounting will be applied retrospectively to January 1, 2021, our previously reported direct expense ratios will likewise be re-calibrated to put 2021 and 2022 on the same basis as 2023 and beyond. 
 Our outlook relies on the accuracy of our assumptions about future economic and business conditions, which can be affected by known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. We continually review our assumptions, implement mitigation plans, and take precautions. We may revise our outlook as we obtain more information regarding economic conditions, regulatory changes, and other events, and the impact of these events on our business operations, investment portfolio, derivatives, financial results and financial condition. 
 
 Industry Trends 
 We continue to be impacted by the changing global financial and economic environment that has been affecting the industry. 
 
 Financial and Economic Environment 
 Our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and the economy generally due to our market presence in numerous countries, our large investment portfolio and the sensitivity of our insurance liabilities and derivatives to changing market factors. 
 We are closely monitoring political and economic conditions that might contribute to global market volatility and impact our business operations, investment portfolio and derivatives, such as global inflation, supply chain disruptions, the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the COVID-19 pandemic. We are also monitoring the imposition of tariffs, sanctions or other barriers to international trade, changes to international trade agreements, and their potential impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition. See Impact of Market Interest Rates Effects of Inflation, and Investments Current Environment. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Governments and central banks around the world are using fiscal and monetary policies to address uncertain economic conditions. In the U.S., the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Open Market Committee took various actions in 2022 to promote economic stability and combat inflation, including raising interest rates, although a heightened level of concern about an economic downturn in the U.S. remains. The European Central Bank and Bank of England have been taking similar actions. In contrast, the Bank of Japan BoJ has mostly kept its monetary policy settings on hold, reflecting a more cautious view on growth. The Japanese yen weakened to its lowest level against the U.S. dollar since the 1990s as monetary policy divergence has widened between the BoJ and the Federal Reserve Board. 
 
 Impact of Market Interest Rates 
 Market interest rates are a key driver of our results. Increases and decreases in such rates, as well as extended periods of stagnation, may impact our business and investments in various ways. 
 Effects of Inflation 
 Management believes that while inflation has not had a material effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations, except insofar as inflation may affect interest rates, both rising interest rates and inflation will have a neutral to modest impact on our business. See Impact of a Rising Interest Rate Environment and Interest Rate Scenarios. 
 An increase in inflation could affect our business in several ways. In our group life and disability businesses, premiums increase as compensation levels of our customers employees increase. However, during inflationary periods with rising interest rates, the value of fixed income investments falls which could increase realized and unrealized losses, resulting in additional deferred tax assets that may not be realizable. Inflation also increases expenses for labor and other costs, potentially putting pressure on profitability if such costs cannot be passed through in our product prices. Prolonged and elevated inflation could adversely affect the financial markets and the economy generally, and dispelling it may require governments to pursue a restrictive fiscal and monetary policy, which could constrain overall economic activity, inhibit revenue growth and reduce the number of attractive investment opportunities. 
 Impact of a Sustained Low Interest Rate Environment 
 Sustained periods of low U.S. interest rates may cause us to: 
 Reduce the difference between interest credited to policyholders and interest earned on supporting assets gross margin 
 Reinvest investment proceeds in lower yielding assets and experience higher frequency prepayment or redemption of assets in our portfolio; 
 Increase our reserves related to policy liabilities and potentially impair intangible assets; 
 Reduce interest expense, change pension and other post-retirement benefit calculations, and change derivative cash flows and market values; 
 Change our product offerings, design features, crediting rates and sales mix; and 
 Experience changing policyholder behavior, including surrender or withdrawal activity. 
 For additional discussion on gross margin and interest rate assumptions, as well as the potential impact of low interest rates, see Results of Operations Consolidated Results Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Actuarial Assumption Review and Certain Other Insurance Adjustments; Risk Factors Economic Environment and Capital Markets Risks We May Face Difficult Economic Conditions Interest Rate Risks; Risk Factors Business Risks We May Be Required to Impair VOBA, VODA or VOCRA; Risk Factors Business Risks We May Be Required to Recognize an Impairment of Our Goodwill or Other Long-Lived Assets or to Establish a Valuation Allowance Against Our Deferred Income Tax Assets; and Risk Factors Business Risks We May Face Volatility, Higher Risk Management Costs, and Increased Counterparty Risk Due to Guarantees Within Certain of Our Products. 
 Impact of a Rising Interest Rate Environment 
 Periods of rising U.S. interest rates may cause us to: 
 Reinvest investment proceeds in higher yielding assets and experience lower frequency prepayment or redemption of assets in our portfolio; 
 Decrease the value of our reserves related to policy liabilities; 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Increase interest expense, change pension and other post-retirement benefit calculations, and change derivative cash flows and market values; and 
 Change our product offerings, design features, crediting rates and sales mix. 
 For additional discussion on the potential impact of rising interest rates, see Risk Factors Investment Risks We May Change Our Securities and Investments Valuation, or Take Allowances and Impairments on Our Investments, or Change Our Methodologies, Estimations, and Assumptions. 
 
 Management Actions 
 To manage the impact of a changing U.S. interest rate environment, we maintain diversification across products, distribution channels, and geographies while proactively evaluating interest rate and product strategies. In addition, we apply disciplined asset/liability management ALM strategies, including the use of derivatives. Our ability to take such actions may be limited by competition, regulatory approval requirements, or minimum crediting rate guarantees and may not match the timing or magnitude of interest rate changes. 
 In addition to proactive management strategies, businesses within our Latin America, EMEA, and Asia (exclusive of our Japan business) segments help manage impacts to our consolidated results given their limited U.S. interest rate sensitivity. 
 For additional discussion on interest rate risk management and our ability to change interest crediting rates or dividend scales, see Risk Factors Economic Environment and Capital Markets Risks We May Face Difficult Economic Conditions Interest Rate Risks; Policyholder Liabilities; Risk Management; and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Management of Market Risk Exposures. 
 
 Interest Rate Scenarios 
 To illustrate our sensitivity to U.S. interest rates, we compared the outcome of two hypothetical interest rate environments (the Declining Interest Rate Scenario and Rising Interest Rate Scenario relative to our baseline economic assumptions (the Base Scenario through 2025. 
 The Declining Interest Rate Scenario assumes U.S. interest rates for all maturities decline immediately on January 1, 2023 by 50 basis points compared to the Base Scenario through 2025. The Rising Interest Rate Scenario assumes U.S. interest rates rise immediately on January 1, 2023 by 50 basis points through 2025. Other than changing U.S. interest rates through 2025, all other economic assumptions are equivalent in the Base Scenario, Declining Interest Rate Scenario and Rising Interest Rate Scenario. 
 The following table compares the most relevant interest rate assumptions for the dates indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2023 2024 2025 Base Scenario Declining Interest Rate Scenario Rising Interest Rate Scenario Base Scenario Declining Interest Rate Scenario Rising Interest Rate Scenario Base Scenario Declining Interest Rate Scenario Rising Interest Rate Scenario Three-month LIBOR 4.74 4.24 5.24 3.52 3.02 4.02 3.41 2.91 3.91 10-year U.S. Treasury 3.84 3.34 4.34 3.86 3.36 4.36 3.93 3.43 4.43 30-year U.S. Treasury 3.91 3.41 4.41 3.89 3.39 4.39 3.88 3.38 4.38 
 
 Hypothetical Impact to Net Derivative Gains (Losses) and Adjusted Earnings 
 We estimate a net favorable impact to net derivative gains (losses) from non-VA program derivatives through 2025 for the hypothetical Declining Interest Rate Scenario. We hold significant positions in long-duration receive-fixed U.S. interest rate swaps, which are most sensitive to the 10-year and 30-year swap rates, to hedge reinvestment risk. We estimate a net unfavorable impact to net derivative gains (losses) from the non-VA program derivatives through 2025 for the hypothetical Rising Interest Rate Scenario. For purposes of the two hypothetical interest rate scenarios, we have excluded all VA program derivatives. For information regarding our VA and non-VA program derivatives, see Results of Operations Consolidated Results. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 We estimate a net unfavorable impact to consolidated adjusted earnings through 2025 for the hypothetical Declining Interest Rate Scenario. The negative impact of reinvesting cash flows in lower yielding assets is partially offset by lowering interest crediting rates and dividend scales on products, and additional derivative income. We estimate a net favorable impact to consolidated adjusted earnings through 2025 for the hypothetical Rising Interest Rate Scenario. The positive impact of reinvesting cash flows in higher yielding assets is partially offset by increased interest crediting rates and dividend scales on products and lower derivative income. 
 The following table summarizes the hypothetical impact on net derivative gains (losses) and adjusted earnings for certain of our segments, as well as Corporate Other, for the Declining Interest Rate Scenario: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2023 2024 2025 (In millions - post-tax) Net Derivative Gains (Losses): Non-VA Program Derivatives 443 (6) (23) Adjusted Earnings: U.S. (49) (53) (65) Group Benefits (4) (6) (16) RIS (45) (47) (49) Asia (Japan only) (3) (18) (37) MetLife Holdings (17) (31) (42) Corporate Other 17 4 (25) Total Adjusted Earnings Impact (52) (98) (169) 
 The following table summarizes the hypothetical impact on net derivative gains (losses) and adjusted earnings for certain of our segments, as well as Corporate Other, for the Rising Interest Rate Scenario: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2023 2024 2025 (In millions - post-tax) Net Derivative Gains (Losses): Non-VA Program Derivatives (347) 13 Adjusted Earnings: U.S. 55 56 71 Group Benefits 8 7 17 RIS 47 49 54 Asia (Japan only) 2 18 38 MetLife Holdings 33 42 47 Corporate Other (2) 3 25 Total Adjusted Earnings Impact 88 119 181 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Segments and Corporate Other 
 The primary drivers impacting certain of our segments, as well as Corporate Other, in the hypothetical interest rate scenarios are summarized below. Our Latin America, EMEA, and Asia (exclusive of our Japan business) segments are excluded given their limited U.S. interest rate sensitivity. For additional information regarding account values subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees, the maturity profile of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale AFS ), and the yield on invested assets, see Investments, Policyholder Liabilities Policyholder Account Balances, and Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 U.S. 
 Group Benefits 
 Declining Interest Rate Scenario. Our group life insurance products are primarily renewable term policies. This provides repricing flexibility to mitigate the negative impact of reinvesting in lower yielding assets. 
 Our retained asset accounts experience gross margin compression due to minimum crediting rate guarantees. Additionally, we experience gross margin compression from our disability policy claim reserves for which crediting rates cannot be reduced. We use interest rate derivatives to mitigate gross margin compression for both products. 
 Gross margin compression is limited for our group disability products, which are generally renewable term policies allowing for crediting rate adjustments at renewal based on the retrospective experience rating and the prevailing interest rate assumptions. 
 Rising Interest Rate Scenario. We reinvest our cash flows from our group insurance products in higher yielding assets, mitigating the impact of (i) higher interest crediting rates on, primarily, our retained asset accounts, and (ii) lower income from our derivative positions used to mitigate low interest rate margin compression. 
 Retirement and Income Solutions 
 This business contains both short- and long-duration products consisting of capital market products, pension risk transfers, structured settlements, and other benefit funding products. 
 The two hypothetical interest rate scenarios do not assume any additional ALM actions we may take to preserve margins. 
 Declining Interest Rate Scenario. A significant portion of short-duration products are managed on a floating rate basis, which mitigates gross margin compression. Our long-duration products have very predictable cash flows and we use both interest rate derivatives and asset/liability duration matching to mitigate gross margin compression. These mitigating strategies partially offset the negative impact of reinvesting in lower yielding assets. Based on our investment portfolios and expected cash flows, only a small portion of invested assets are subject to reinvestment risk through 2025. 
 Rising Interest Rate Scenario. Our long-duration products which have very predictable cash flows benefit from reinvesting in higher yielding assets, which is partially offset by the negative impact of lower income from derivative positions designed to protect against a low interest rate environment. A significant portion of our short-duration products are managed on a floating rate basis. The negative impact of higher crediting rates on these short-duration products is partially offset by higher income from derivative positions designed to protect against a rising interest rate environment. 
 Asia 
 Declining Interest Rate Scenario. Our Japan business offers traditional life insurance and accident health products, many of which are U.S. dollar denominated. We experience gross margin compression to the extent our investment portfolios are U.S. interest rate sensitive and we are unable to offset the impact by lowering interest crediting rates. Additionally, we manage interest rate risk on our life products through a combination of product design features and ALM strategies. 
 Our Japan business also offers U.S. dollar denominated annuities which are predominantly single premium products with crediting rates set upon issuance. This allows for tightly managing product ALM, cash flows and net spreads, which mitigates interest rate risk. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Rising Interest Rate Scenario. For U.S. dollar denominated products, higher reinvestment rates on cash flows from these products more than offset the negative impacts of (i) higher interest crediting rates on such products, and (ii) lower income from derivative positions designed to protect against a low interest rate environment. 
 MetLife Holdings 
 Declining Interest Rate Scenario. Our interest rate sensitive life products include traditional and universal life products. Since most of our traditional life insurance is participating, we can mitigate gross margin compression by adjusting the applicable dividend scale. For our universal life products, we manage interest rate risk through a combination of product design features and ALM strategies, including the use of interest rate derivatives. Although we are able to mitigate gross margin compression by lowering interest crediting rates on certain in-force universal life policies, these actions may be partially offset by increased liabilities for policies with secondary guarantees. 
 Our annuity products experience gross margin compression primarily from deferred annuities with minimum crediting rate guarantees. Most of these contracts are at their minimum crediting rate, and therefore we use interest rate derivatives to partially mitigate gross margin compression. 
 Our long-term care business experiences gross margin compression as we cannot reduce interest crediting rates for established claim reserves. Long-term care policies are guaranteed renewable, and rates may be adjusted on a class basis with regulatory approval to reflect emerging experience. We review the discount rate assumptions and other assumptions associated with our long-term care claim reserves no less frequently than annually and, with respect to interest rates, set the discount rate based on the prevailing interest rate environment. 
 Our retained asset accounts experience gross margin compression due to minimum crediting rate guarantees. Most of these accounts are at their minimum crediting rates and therefore we use interest rate derivatives to mitigate gross margin compression. 
 Based on our investment portfolios and cash flow estimates, approximately 5 of our invested assets each year are subject to reinvestment risk through 2025. 
 Rising Interest Rate Scenario. Higher reinvestment rates on cash flows, over time, more than offset the negative impacts of (i) higher interest crediting rates, and (ii) lower income from derivative positions designed to protect against a low interest rate environment. 
 Corporate Other 
 Corporate Other contains the surplus investment portfolios used to fund capital and liquidity needs, certain reinsurance agreements, collateral financing arrangements, and our outstanding debt and preferred securities. For purposes of the two hypothetical interest rate scenarios, the impact on pension and postretirement plan expenses is included within Corporate Other and not allocated across segments. 
 Declining Interest Rate Scenario. The negative impact of reinvesting in lower yielding assets, over time, more than offsets the positive impact of lower interest expense on debt, preferred stock dividends and lower pension expense. Although low interest rates result in pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities increasing, the impact is more than offset by the corresponding returns on fixed income investments and results in lower expenses. 
 Rising Interest Rate Scenario . The positive impact of reinvesting in higher yielding assets, over time, more than offsets the negative impact of higher interest expense on debt, preferred stock dividends and higher pension expense. Although higher interest rates result in pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities decreasing, the impact is more than offset by the corresponding returns on fixed income investments and results in higher expenses. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Competitive Pressures 
 The life insurance industry remains highly competitive. See Business Competition. Product development is focused on differentiation leading to more intense competition with respect to product features and services. Certain of the industry s products can be quite homogeneous and subject to intense price competition. Cost reduction efforts are a priority for industry players, with benefits resulting in price adjustments to favor customers and reinvestment capacity. Larger companies have the ability to invest in brand equity, product development, technology optimization, risk management, and innovation, which are among the fundamentals for sustained profitable growth in the life insurance industry. Insurers are focused on their core businesses, specifically in markets where they can achieve scale. Insurers are increasingly seeking alternative sources of revenue; there is a focus on monetization of assets, fee-based services, and opportunities to offer comprehensive solutions, which include providing value-added services along with traditional products. Financial strength and flexibility and technology modernization are prerequisites for sustainable growth in the life insurance industry. Larger market participants tend to have the capacity to invest in analytics, distribution, and information technology and have the ability to leverage the capabilities of new digital entrants. There is a shift in distribution from proprietary to third party models in mature markets, due to the lower cost structure. Evolving customer expectations are having a significant impact on the competitive environment as insurers strive to offer the superior customer service demanded by an increasingly sophisticated industry client base. Rising demands from stakeholders to address ESG issues have resulted in insurers expanding their sustainability efforts. Legislative and other changes affecting the regulatory environment can also affect the competitive environment within the life insurance industry and within the broader financial services industry. See Business Regulation. In addition to financial strength, technological efficiency and organizational agility, we believe that the ability to adapt to changes in the competitive environment as a result of global market volatility, changing interest rates, uncertain economic conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic is a significant differentiator to success in the life insurance industry and the broader financial services industry, and we are well positioned to compete in this environment. 
 
 Regulatory Developments 
 In the U.S., our life insurance companies are regulated primarily at the state level, with some products and services also subject to federal regulation. As life insurers introduce new and often more complex products, regulators refine capital requirements and introduce new reserving standards for the life insurance industry. Laws and regulations recently adopted or currently under review can potentially impact the statutory reserve and capital requirements of the industry. Regulators have also undertaken market and sales practices reviews of several markets or products, including equity-indexed annuities, variable annuities and group products and New York maintains a moratorium on new reserve financing transactions. See Business Regulation, Risk Factors Economic Environment and Capital Markets Risks Our Statutory Life Insurance Reserve Financings Costs May Increase, and We May Find Limited Market Capacity for New Financings, Risk Factors Regulatory and Legal Risks Changes in Laws or Regulation, or in Supervisory and Enforcement Policies, May Reduce Our Profitability, Limit Our Growth, or Otherwise Adversely Affect Us and Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company Capital Affiliated Captive Reinsurance Transactions. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported on the Consolidated Financial Statements. For a discussion of our significant accounting policies, see Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The most critical estimates include those used in determining: 
 (i) liabilities for future policy benefits and the accounting for reinsurance; 
 (ii) capitalization and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs DAC and the establishment and amortization of VOBA; 
 (iii) estimated fair values of investments in the absence of quoted market values; 
 (iv) investment allowance for credit loss ACL and impairments; 
 (v) estimated fair values of freestanding derivatives and the recognition and estimated fair value of embedded derivatives requiring bifurcation; 
 (vi) measurement of goodwill and related impairment; 
 (vii) measurement of employee benefit plan liabilities; 
 (viii) measurement of income taxes and the valuation of deferred tax assets; and 
 (ix) liabilities for litigation and regulatory matters. 
 
 In addition, the application of acquisition accounting requires the use of estimation techniques in determining the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed the most significant of which relate to the aforementioned critical accounting estimates. In applying these policies and estimates, management makes subjective and complex judgments that frequently require assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. Many of these policies, estimates and related judgments are common in the insurance and financial services industries; others are specific to our business and operations. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 
 Liability for Future Policy Benefits 
 Generally, future policy benefits are payable over an extended period of time and related liabilities are calculated as the present value of future expected benefits to be paid, reduced by the present value of future expected premiums. Such liabilities are established based on methods and underlying assumptions in accordance with GAAP and applicable actuarial standards. Principal assumptions used in the establishment of liabilities for future policy benefits are mortality, morbidity, policy lapse, renewal, retirement, disability incidence, disability terminations, investment returns, inflation, expenses and other contingent events as appropriate to the respective product type and geographical area. These assumptions are established at the time the policy is issued and are intended to estimate the experience for the period the policy benefits are payable. Utilizing these assumptions, liabilities are established on a block of business basis. If experience is less favorable than assumed, additional liabilities may be established, resulting in a charge to policyholder benefits and claims. 
 Future policy benefit liabilities for disabled lives are estimated at the time of claim incurral, using the present value of benefits method and experience assumptions as to claim terminations, expenses and interest. 
 Liabilities for unpaid claims are estimated based upon our historical experience and other actuarial assumptions that consider the effects of current developments, anticipated trends and risk management programs. 
 Future policy benefit liabilities for minimum death and income benefit guarantees relating to certain annuity contracts are based on estimates of the expected value of benefits in excess of the projected account balance, recognizing the excess ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. Liabilities for ULSG and paid-up guarantees are determined by estimating the expected value of death benefits payable when the account balance is projected to be zero and recognizing those benefits ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. The assumptions used in estimating the secondary and paid-up guarantee liabilities are consistent with those used for amortizing DAC, and are thus subject to the same variability and risk. The assumptions of investment performance and volatility for variable products are consistent with historical experience of the appropriate underlying equity index, such as the S P 500 Index. 
 We regularly review our estimates of liabilities for future policy benefits and compare them with our actual experience. Differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in pricing these policies and guarantees, as well as in the establishment of the related liabilities, result in variances in profit and could result in losses. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Traditional long-duration and limited-payment contracts comprise approximately 70 of MetLife s liabilities for future policyholder benefits. For such contracts, original assumptions developed at the time of issue are locked-in and used in all future liability calculations provided the resulting liabilities are adequate to provide for future benefits and expenses (i.e., there is no premium deficiency). Therefore, liabilities for these products would not be impacted by changes in assumptions unless such change would result in an adverse impact that would trigger an establishment of a premium deficiency reserve. Favorable experience for traditional long-duration and limited-payment contracts would have no impact on liabilities given that the current assumption is required to remain locked-in, however the positive experience would be reflected in net income over the life of the policies in force. 
 We have assessed the sensitivities of reported amounts related to our traditional long-duration and limited-payment contracts to demonstrate the impact of the Declining Interest Rate Scenario and the Rising Interest Rate Scenario. These sensitivities show the resulting change in net derivative gains (losses) and adjusted earnings versus the Base Scenario. These results are included in Industry Trends Impact of Market Interest Rates Interest Rate Scenarios. 
 Our traditional life and other participating blocks comprise approximately 25 of our future policyholder benefit liabilities. For these contracts, MetLife s risk of adverse experience may be mitigated through adjustments to the dividend scales. 
 For all insurance assets and liabilities, MetLife holds capital and surplus to mitigate potential adverse experience development. The Company s approaches for managing liquidity and capital are described in Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our liability for future policy benefits. 
 
 Reinsurance 
 Accounting for reinsurance requires extensive use of assumptions and estimates, particularly related to the future performance of the underlying business and the potential impact of counterparty credit risks. We periodically review actual and anticipated experience compared to the aforementioned assumptions used to establish assets and liabilities relating to ceded and assumed reinsurance and evaluate the financial strength of counterparties to our reinsurance agreements using criteria similar to that evaluated in our security impairment process. See Investment Allowance for Credit Loss and Impairments. Additionally, for each of our reinsurance agreements, we determine whether the agreement provides indemnification against loss or liability relating to insurance risk, in accordance with applicable accounting standards. We review all contractual features, including those that may limit the amount of insurance risk to which the reinsurer is subject or features that delay the timely reimbursement of claims. If we determine that a reinsurance agreement does not expose the reinsurer to a reasonable possibility of a significant loss from insurance risk, we record the agreement using the deposit method of accounting. 
 See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our reinsurance programs. 
 
 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs and Value of Business Acquired 
 We incur significant costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance business. Costs that relate directly to the successful acquisition or renewal of insurance contracts are capitalized as DAC. In addition to commissions, certain direct-response advertising expenses and other direct costs, deferrable costs include the portion of an employee s total compensation and benefits related to time spent selling, underwriting or processing the issuance of new and renewal insurance business only with respect to actual policies acquired or renewed. We utilize various techniques to estimate the portion of an employee s time spent on qualifying acquisition activities that result in actual sales, including surveys, interviews, representative time studies and other methods. These estimates include assumptions that are reviewed and updated on a periodic basis to reflect significant changes in processes or distribution methods. 
 VOBA represents the excess of book value over the estimated fair value of acquired insurance, annuity, and investment-type contracts in force at the acquisition date. For certain acquired blocks of business, the estimated fair value of the in-force contract obligations exceeded the book value of assumed in-force insurance policy liabilities, resulting in negative VOBA, which is presented separately from VOBA as an additional insurance liability included in other policy-related balances. The estimated fair value of the acquired obligations is based on projections, by each block of business, of future policy and contract charges, premiums, mortality and morbidity, separate account performance, surrenders, expenses, investment returns, nonperformance risk adjustment and other factors. Actual experience on the purchased business may vary from these projections. The recovery of DAC and VOBA is dependent upon the future profitability of the related business. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Separate account rates of return on variable universal life contracts and variable deferred annuity contracts affect in-force account balances on such contracts each reporting period, which can result in significant fluctuations in amortization of DAC and VOBA. Our practice to determine the impact of gross profits resulting from returns on separate accounts assumes that long-term appreciation in equity markets is not changed by short-term market fluctuations but is only changed when sustained interim deviations are expected. We monitor these events and only change the assumption when our long-term expectation changes. The effect of an increase (decrease) by 100 basis points in the assumed future rate of return is reasonably likely to result in a decrease (increase) in the DAC and VOBA amortization with an offset to our unearned revenue liability which nets to approximately 30 million. We use a mean reversion approach to separate account returns where the mean reversion period is five years with a long-term separate account return after the five-year reversion period is over. The current long-term rate of return assumption for the U.S. business variable universal life contracts and variable deferred annuity contracts is 5.75 . 
 We periodically review long-term assumptions underlying the projections of estimated gross margins and profits. These assumptions primarily relate to investment returns, policyholder dividend scales, interest crediting rates, mortality, persistency, and expenses to administer business. Assumptions used in the calculation of estimated gross margins and profits which may have significantly changed are updated annually. If the update of assumptions causes expected future gross margins and profits to increase, DAC and VOBA amortization will decrease, resulting in a current period increase to earnings. The opposite result occurs when the assumption update causes expected future gross margins and profits to decrease. 
 Our most significant assumption updates resulting in a change to expected future gross margins and profits and the amortization of DAC and VOBA are due to revisions to expected future investment returns, expenses, in-force or persistency assumptions and policyholder dividends on participating traditional life contracts, variable and universal life contracts and annuity contracts. We expect these assumptions to be the ones most reasonably likely to cause significant changes in the future. Changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, DAC and VOBA for the Company was 23.0 billion and 16.1 billion, respectively. The following illustrates the effect on DAC and VOBA of changing each of the respective assumptions, as well as updating estimated gross margins or profits with actual gross margins or profits during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Increases (decreases) in DAC and VOBA balances, as presented below, resulted in a corresponding decrease (increase) in amortization. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) General account investment return 
 281 (197) Separate account investment return 
 (64) 32 Net investment/Net derivative gains (losses) and GMIB 
 115 (93) In-force/Persistency 
 (183) 77 Policyholder dividends, expense and other 
 146 (22) Total 
 295 (203) 
 
 Items contributing to the changes to DAC and VOBA amortization in 2022 consisted of the following: 
 Net decrease in amortization of 281 million associated with the general account long-term investment rates of return, primarily driven by the following: 
 A decrease in amortization of approximately 60 million associated with realized losses in Japan largely caused by the increasing interest rate environment in 2022. 
 Net decrease in amortization of approximately 220 million mainly driven by the Japan actuarial assumption review relating to the general account long-term investment rates of return. 
 Net decrease in amortization of 115 million associated with net investment/net derivative gains (losses) and GMIBs, primarily driven by the following: 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 A decrease in amortization of approximately 10 million associated with gains from GMIB hedges and the decreases in GMIB obligations. 
 Net decrease in amortization of approximately 105 million resulting from other investment activities. 
 Net increase in amortization of 183 million associated with in-force/persistency primarily due to higher lapses in Japan. 
 Net decrease in amortization of 146 million associated with policyholder dividends, expense and other, was primarily driven by following: 
 A decrease of approximately 50 million of DAC amortization resulting from the actuarial assumption review relating to the closed block. 
 Decrease in amortization of approximately 90 million mostly due to unfavorable closed block mortality. 
 Items contributing to the changes to DAC and VOBA amortization in 2021 consisted of the following: 
 Net increase in amortization of 197 million mostly due to the actuarial assumption review relating to the general account long-term investment rates of return. 
 Net increase in amortization of 93 million associated with net investment/net derivative gains (losses) and GMIB, primarily driven by the following: 
 A decrease in amortization of approximately 10 million associated with gains from GMIB hedges and the decreases in GMIB obligations. 
 Net increase in amortization of approximately 100 million from other investment activities. 
 Our DAC and VOBA balance is also impacted by unrealized investment gains (losses) and the amount of amortization which would have been recognized if such gains and losses had been realized. The decrease in unrealized investment gains (losses) increased the DAC and VOBA balance by 7.2 billion and 822 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Notes 5 and 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the DAC and VOBA offset to unrealized investment gains (losses). 
 
 Estimated Fair Value of Investments 
 In determining the estimated fair value of our investments, fair values are based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical investments in active markets that are readily and regularly obtainable. When such unadjusted quoted prices are not available, estimated fair values are based on quoted prices in markets that are not active, quoted prices for similar but not identical investments, or other observable inputs. If these inputs are not available, or observable inputs are not determinable, unobservable inputs and/or adjustments to observable inputs requiring significant management judgment, including assumptions or estimates, are used to determine the estimated fair value of investments. Unobservable inputs are based on management s assumptions about the inputs market participants would use in pricing such investments. The methodologies, assumptions and inputs utilized are described in Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For the vast majority of our investments, sensitivity analysis regarding unobservable inputs is not necessary or appropriate, as they are valued using quoted prices, as described above. Quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurement and the sensitivity of the estimated fair value to changes in those inputs for the more significant asset and liability classes measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis is presented in Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Financial markets are susceptible to severe events evidenced by rapid depreciation in asset values accompanied by a reduction in asset liquidity. Our ability to sell investments, or the price ultimately realized for investments, depends upon the demand and liquidity in the market and increases the use of judgment in determining the estimated fair value of certain investments. 
 
 Investment Allowance for Credit Loss and Impairments 
 The significant estimates and inherent uncertainties related to our evaluation of credit loss and impairments on our investment portfolio are summarized below. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for information regarding the sensitivity of our fixed maturity securities and mortgage loan portfolios to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Fixed Maturity Securities 
 The assessment of whether a credit loss has occurred is based on our case-by-case evaluation of whether the net amount expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis. We consider a wide range of factors about the security issuer and use our best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security and in assessing the prospects for near-term recovery. We evaluate credit loss by considering information that changes from time to time about past events, current and forecasted economic conditions, and we measure credit loss by estimating recovery value using a discounted cash flow analysis. We estimate recovery value based on our best estimate of future cash flows, which is inherently subjective, and methodologies can vary depending on the facts and circumstances specific to each security. We record an ACL for the amount of the credit loss instead of recording a reduction of the amortized cost as an impairment. The evaluation processes, measurement methodologies, significant inputs and significant judgments and assumptions used to determine the amount of credit loss are described in Notes 1 and 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The determination of the amount of ACL is subjective as it includes our estimates and assumptions and assessment of known and inherent risks. We revise these evaluations as conditions change and new information becomes available. The valuation of our fixed maturity securities portfolio is sensitive to changes in interest rates and the estimated fair value of the portion of our fixed maturities securities portfolio that is foreign denominated, is sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Mortgage Loans 
 The ACL is established both for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics and for loans with dissimilar risk characteristics, collateral dependent loans and reasonably expected troubled debt restructurings, individually on a loan specific basis. We record an allowance for expected lifetime credit loss in an amount that represents the portion of the amortized cost basis of mortgage loans that we do not expect to collect, resulting in mortgage loans being presented at the net amount expected to be collected. To determine the mortgage loan ACL, we apply significant judgement to estimate expected lifetime credit loss over the contractual term of our mortgage loans adjusted for expected prepayments and any extensions; and we consider past events and current and forecasted economic conditions which are subject to inherent uncertainty and which necessarily change from time to time. The ACL methodologies, significant inputs and significant judgements and assumptions used to determine the amount of credit loss are described in Notes 1 and 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The determination of the amount of ACL is subjective as it includes our estimates and assumptions and assessment of known and inherent risks. We revise these estimates as conditions change and new information becomes available. The estimated fair value of our mortgage loan portfolio is sensitive to changes in interest rates and the estimated fair value of the portion of our mortgage loan portfolio that is foreign denominated, is sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Real Estate, Leases and Other Asset Classes 
 The determination of the amount of ACL on leases and impairments on real estate and the remaining asset classes is highly subjective and is based upon our quarterly evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. The evaluation processes, measurement methodologies, significant inputs and significant judgments and assumptions used to determine the amount of ACL and impairments are described in Notes 1 and 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. 
 
 Derivatives 
 The determination of the estimated fair value of freestanding derivatives, when quoted market values are not available, is based on market standard valuation methodologies and inputs that management believes are consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing the instruments. Derivative valuations can be affected by changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, financial indices, credit spreads, default risk, nonperformance risk, volatility, liquidity and changes in estimates and assumptions used in the pricing models. See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on significant inputs into the OTC derivative pricing models and credit risk adjustment. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 We issue variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits, some of which are embedded derivatives measured at estimated fair value separately from the host variable annuity product, with changes in estimated fair value reported in net derivative gains (losses). The estimated fair values of these embedded derivatives are determined based on the present value of projected future benefits minus the present value of projected future fees. The projections of future benefits and future fees require capital market and actuarial assumptions, including expectations concerning policyholder behavior. A risk neutral valuation methodology is used under which the cash flows from the guarantees are projected under multiple capital market scenarios using observable risk-free rates. The valuation of these embedded derivatives also includes an adjustment for our nonperformance risk and risk margins for non-capital market inputs. The nonperformance risk adjustment, which is captured as a spread over the risk-free rate in determining the discount rate to discount the cash flows of the liability, is determined by taking into consideration publicly available information relating to spreads in the secondary market for MetLife, Inc. s debt, including related credit default swaps. These observable spreads are then adjusted, as necessary, to reflect the priority of these liabilities and the claims paying ability of the issuing insurance subsidiaries compared to MetLife, Inc. Risk margins are established to capture the non-capital market risks of the instrument which represent the additional compensation a market participant would require to assume the risks related to the uncertainties in certain actuarial assumptions. The establishment of risk margins requires the use of significant management judgment, including assumptions of the amount and cost of capital needed to cover the guarantees. 
 The table below illustrates the impact that a range of reasonably likely variances in credit spreads would have on our consolidated balance sheet, excluding the effect of income tax, related to the embedded derivative valuation on certain variable annuity products measured at estimated fair value. In determining the ranges, we have considered current market conditions, as well as the market level of spreads that can reasonably be anticipated over the near term. The ranges do not reflect extreme market conditions, as we do not consider those to be reasonably likely events in the near future. 
 The impact of the range of reasonably likely variances in credit spreads increased as compared to prior periods. However, these estimated effects do not take into account potential changes in other variables, such as equity price levels and market volatility, which can also contribute significantly to changes in carrying values. Therefore, the table does not necessarily reflect the ultimate impact on the consolidated financial statements under the credit spread variance scenarios presented below. 
 Changes in Balance Sheet Carrying Value At December 31, 2022 
 Policyholder Account Balances DAC and VOBA (In millions) 100 increase in our credit spread 429 (8) As reported 561 43 50 decrease in our credit spread 596 54 
 Variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits may be more costly than expected in volatile or declining equity markets. Market conditions including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, equity indices, market volatility and foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our nonperformance risk, variations in actuarial assumptions regarding policyholder behavior, mortality and risk margins related to non-capital market inputs, may result in significant fluctuations in the estimated fair value of the guarantees that could materially affect net income. If interpretations change, there is a risk that features previously not bifurcated may require bifurcation and reporting at estimated fair value on the consolidated financial statements and respective changes in estimated fair value could materially affect net income. 
 Additionally, we ceded the risk associated with certain of the variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits described in the preceding paragraphs. The value of the embedded derivatives on the ceded risk is determined using a methodology consistent with that described previously for the guarantees directly written by us with the exception of the input for nonperformance risk that reflects the credit of the reinsurer. Because certain of the direct guarantees do not meet the definition of an embedded derivative and, thus, are not accounted for at fair value, significant fluctuations in net income may occur since the change in fair value of the embedded derivative on the ceded risk is being recorded in net income without a corresponding and offsetting change in fair value of the direct guarantee. 
 See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our derivatives and hedging programs. See also Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for information regarding the sensitivity of our derivatives to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and equity market prices. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances, such as adverse changes in the business climate, indicate that there may be justification for conducting an interim test. 
 For purposes of goodwill impairment testing, if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit s fair value; however, the loss recognized would not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Additionally, the Company will consider income tax effects from any tax-deductible goodwill on the carrying value of the reporting unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. The key inputs, judgments and assumptions necessary in determining estimated fair value of the reporting units include projected adjusted earnings, current book value, the level of economic capital required to support the mix of business, long-term growth rates, comparative market multiples, the account value of in-force business, projections of new and renewed business, as well as margins on such business, interest rate levels, credit spreads, equity market levels, and the discount rate that we believe is appropriate for the respective reporting unit. 
 We apply significant judgment when determining the estimated fair value of our reporting units and when assessing the relationship of market capitalization to the aggregate estimated fair value of our reporting units. The valuation methodologies utilized are subject to key judgments and assumptions that are sensitive to change. Estimates of fair value are inherently uncertain and represent only management s reasonable expectation regarding future developments. These estimates and the judgments and assumptions upon which the estimates are based may differ from actual future results. The estimated fair value of the reporting units tested can be impacted by unexpected changes in the legislative, regulatory and macroeconomic environment. Declines in the estimated fair value of our reporting units could result in goodwill impairments in future periods which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial position. 
 In the third quarter of 2022, the Company performed its annual goodwill impairment tests on all of its reporting units, using both qualitative and quantitative assessments. The quantitative assessment utilized the market multiple, embedded value and discounted cash flow valuation approaches based on best available data as of June 30, 2022. The Company concluded that the estimated fair values of all its reporting units were substantially in excess of their carrying values and, therefore, goodwill was not impaired. 
 See Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our goodwill. 
 
 Employee Benefit Plans 
 Certain subsidiaries of MetLife, Inc. sponsor defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans covering eligible employees. See Note 18 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on amendments to our U.S. benefit plans. The calculation of the obligations and expenses associated with these plans requires an extensive use of assumptions such as the discount rate, expected rate of return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases and healthcare cost trend rates, as well as assumptions regarding participant demographics such as rate and age of retirement, withdrawal rates and mortality. In consultation with external actuarial firms, we determine these assumptions based upon a variety of factors such as historical experience of the plan and its assets, currently available market and industry data, and expected benefit payout streams. 
 We determine the expected rate of return on plan assets based upon an approach that considers inflation, real return, term premium, credit spreads, equity risk premium and capital appreciation, as well as expenses, expected asset manager performance, asset weights and the effect of rebalancing. Given the amount of plan assets as of December 31, 2021, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed an expected rate of return for both our pension and other postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic benefit costs in 2022 would have been as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Increase/(Decrease) in Net Periodic Pension Cost Increase/(Decrease) in Net Other Postretirement Benefit Cost (In millions) Increase in expected rate of return by 100 bps 
 (106) (14) Decrease in expected rate of return by 100 bps 
 106 14 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 This table considers only changes in our assumed long-term rate of return given the level and mix of invested assets at the beginning of the year, without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed long-term rate of return. 
 We determine the discount rates used to value the Company s pension and postretirement obligations, based upon rates commensurate with current yields on high quality corporate bonds. Given our pension and postretirement obligations as of December 31, 2021, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed a discount rate for both our pension and postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic benefit costs would have been as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Increase/(Decrease) in Net Periodic Pension Cost Increase/(Decrease) in Net Other Postretirement Benefit Cost (In millions) Increase in discount rate by 100 bps 
 (56) (1) Decrease in discount rate by 100 bps 
 75 4 
 Given our pension and postretirement obligations as of December 31, 2022, the end of the measurement year, if we had assumed a discount rate for both our pension and postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our benefit obligations would have been as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Increase/(Decrease) in Pension Benefit Obligation Increase/(Decrease) in Other Postretirement Benefit Obligation (In millions) Increase in discount rate by 100 bps 
 (818) (74) Decrease in discount rate by 100 bps 
 964 88 
 
 These tables consider only changes in our assumed discount rates without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed discount rate. The assumptions used may differ materially from actual results due to, among other factors, changing market and economic conditions and changes in participant demographics. These differences may have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and liquidity. 
 See Note 18 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of assumptions used in measuring liabilities relating to our employee benefit plans. 
 
 Income Taxes and Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets 
 Our accounting for income taxes represents our best estimate of various events and transactions. Tax laws are often complex and may be subject to differing interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. In establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of inherently complex tax laws. We must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions in which we conduct business. 
 The Company considers all available factors, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of these factors, a partial or full valuation allowance for categories of deferred tax assets is required. The weight given to these factors is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. Examples of factors considered in determining deferred tax asset realizability include past earnings history, projections of taxable income and tax planning strategies. Changes in tax laws and/or statutory tax rates in countries in which we operate could have an impact on our valuation of net deferred tax assets. If there were a 1 increase in the global effective income tax rate, the change would have resulted in an approximate 112 million increase in the net deferred income tax asset balance at December 31, 2022. 
 See Notes 1 and 19 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our income taxes. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Litigation Contingencies 
 We are a defendant in a large number of litigation matters and are involved in a number of regulatory investigations. Given the large and/or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters and the inherent unpredictability of litigation, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could, from time to time, have a material effect on the Company s consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods. Liabilities are established when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Liabilities related to certain lawsuits, including our asbestos-related liability, are especially difficult to estimate due to the limitation of reliable data and uncertainty regarding numerous variables that can affect liability estimates. On a quarterly and annual basis, we review relevant information with respect to liabilities for litigation, regulatory investigations and litigation-related contingencies to be reflected in our consolidated financial statements. It is possible that an adverse outcome in certain of our litigation and regulatory investigations, including asbestos-related cases, or the use of different assumptions in the determination of amounts recorded could have a material effect upon our consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods. 
 See Note 21 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our assessment of litigation contingencies. 
 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions 
 Acquisitions 
 Pending Acquisition of Raven Capital Management 
 In February 2023, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Raven Capital Management, a privately-owned alternative investment company. This transaction is subject to customary closing conditions. 
 Acquisition of Affirmative Investment Management 
 In December 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Affirmative Investment Management, a specialist global environmental, social and corporate governance impact fixed income investment manager. 
 Ownership Increase of PNB MetLife 
 In February 2022, the Company acquired approximately 15.0 ownership in PNB MetLife India Insurance Company Limited PNB MetLife ). As a result, the Company s ownership in PNB MetLife, an operating joint venture accounted for under the equity method, increased to approximately 47.0 . This transaction supports the Company s continued growth in India and will enable us to deliver more value for our customers, partners and shareholders. 
 Dispositions 
 Disposition of MetLife Poland and Greece 
 For information regarding the Company's dispositions of its wholly-owned subsidiaries in Poland and Greece in April 2022 and January 2022, respectively, which were reported as held-for-sale, see Notes 1 and 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Disposition of MetLife Seguros 
 For information regarding the Company's September 2021 disposition of its wholly-owned Argentinian subsidiary, MetLife Seguros S.A. MetLife Seguros ), see Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Disposition of MetLife P C 
 For information regarding the Company's April 2021 disposition of MetLife P C, which was reported as held-for-sale, see Notes 1 and 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Disposition of MetLife Russia 
 For information regarding the Company's January 2021 disposition of its wholly-owned Russian subsidiary, the Joint-stock Company MetLife Insurance Company MetLife Russia ), see Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Consolidated Results 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Revenues Premiums 49,397 42,009 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 5,585 5,756 Net investment income 15,916 21,395 Other revenues 2,634 2,619 Net investment gains (losses) (1,262) 1,529 Net derivative gains (losses) (2,372) (2,228) Total revenues 69,898 71,080 Expenses Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 51,313 44,830 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 3,692 5,538 Capitalization of DAC (2,558) (2,718) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 1,931 2,555 Amortization of negative VOBA (41) (34) Interest expense on debt 938 920 Other expenses 11,764 11,863 Total expenses 67,039 62,954 Income (loss) before provision for income tax 2,859 8,126 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 301 1,551 Net income (loss) 2,558 6,575 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 19 21 Net income (loss) attributable to MetLife, Inc. 2,539 6,554 Less: Preferred stock dividends 185 195 Preferred stock redemption premium 6 Net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc. s common shareholders 2,354 6,353 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 During 2022, net income (loss) decreased 4.0 billion from 2021, primarily driven by unfavorable changes in adjusted earnings and net investment gains (losses). 
 Management of Investment Portfolio and Hedging Market Risks with Derivatives. See Investments Overview for a discussion of the management of our investment portfolio. 
 We purchase investments to support our insurance liabilities and not to generate net investment gains and losses. However, net investment gains and losses are incurred and can change significantly from period to period due to changes in external influences, including changes in market factors such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads and equity markets; counterparty specific factors such as financial performance, credit rating and collateral valuation; and internal factors such as portfolio rebalancing. Changes in these factors from period to period can significantly impact the levels of provision for credit loss and impairments on our investment portfolio, as well as realized gains and losses on investments sold. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 We also use derivatives as an integral part of our management of the investment portfolio and insurance liabilities to hedge certain risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads and equity market levels. We use freestanding interest rate, equity, credit and currency derivatives to hedge certain invested assets and insurance liabilities. A portion of these hedges are designated and qualify as accounting hedges, which reduce volatility in earnings. For those hedges not designated as accounting hedges, changes in market factors lead to the recognition of fair value changes in net derivative gains (losses) generally without an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings for the item being hedged, which creates volatility in earnings. We actively evaluate market risk hedging needs and strategies to ensure our free cash flow and capital objectives are met under a range of market conditions. 
 Certain variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits contain embedded derivatives that are measured at estimated fair value separately from the host variable annuity contract, with changes in estimated fair value recorded in net derivative gains (losses). We use freestanding derivatives to hedge the market risks inherent in these variable annuity guarantees. The valuation of these embedded derivatives includes a nonperformance risk adjustment, which is unhedged, and can be a significant driver of net derivative gains (losses) and volatility in earnings, but does not have an economic impact on us. 
 We continuously review and refine our hedging strategy in light of changing economic and market conditions, evolving NAIC and NYDFS statutory requirements, and accounting rule changes. As a part of our current hedging strategy, we maintain portfolio level derivatives in our macro hedge program. These macro hedge program derivatives, which are included in the non-VA program derivatives section of the table below, mitigate the potential deterioration in our capital positions from significant adverse economic conditions. 
 Net Derivative Gains (Losses) . The variable annuity embedded derivatives and associated freestanding derivative hedges are collectively referred to as VA program derivatives. All other derivatives that are economic hedges of certain invested assets and insurance liabilities are referred to as non-VA program derivatives. The table below presents the impact on net derivative gains (losses) from non-VA program derivatives and VA program derivatives: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Non-VA program derivatives Interest rate (2,618) (1,075) Foreign currency exchange rate 408 (429) Credit 55 85 Equity 113 (771) Non-VA embedded derivatives 127 37 Total non-VA program derivatives (1,915) (2,153) VA program derivatives Market risks in embedded derivatives 512 1,006 Nonperformance risk adjustment on embedded derivatives 18 (17) Other risks in embedded derivatives (485) (279) Total embedded derivatives 45 710 Freestanding derivatives hedging embedded derivatives (502) (785) Total VA program derivatives (457) (75) Net derivative gains (losses) (2,372) (2,228) 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 The favorable change in net derivative gains (losses) on non-VA program derivatives was 238 million 188 million, net of income tax). This was primarily due to key equity indexes decreasing in 2022 versus increasing in 2021, favorably impacting equity options and total rate of return swaps acquired primarily as part of our macro hedge program. In addition, the U.S. dollar strengthened less significantly against the Chilean peso in 2022 compared to 2021. This favorably impacted the estimated fair value of pay U.S. dollar foreign currency swaps. These favorable changes were largely offset by long-term rates increasing more significantly in 2022 compared to 2021. This unfavorably impacted the estimated fair value of receive fixed interest rate swaps. Because certain of these hedging strategies are not designated or do not qualify as accounting hedges, the changes in the estimated fair value of these freestanding derivatives are recognized in net derivative gains (losses) without an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings for the items being hedged. 
 The unfavorable change in net derivative gains (losses) on VA program derivatives was 382 million 302 million, net of income tax). This was due to (i) an unfavorable change of 211 million 167 million, net of income tax), in market risks in embedded derivatives, net of freestanding derivatives hedging market risks in embedded derivatives, and (ii) an unfavorable change of 206 million 163 million, net of income tax) in other risks in embedded derivatives; partially offset by a favorable change of 35 million 28 million, net of income tax) in the nonperformance risk adjustment on embedded derivatives. 
 The aforementioned 211 million 167 million, net of income tax) unfavorable change reflects a 494 million 390 million, net of income tax) unfavorable change in market risks in embedded derivatives, partially offset by a 283 million 223 million, net of income tax) favorable change in freestanding derivatives hedging market risks in embedded derivatives. 
 The primary changes in market factors affecting the valuation of VA program derivatives are summarized as follows: 
 Long-term interest rates increased more significantly in 2022 compared to 2021, contributing to an unfavorable change in our freestanding derivatives and a favorable change in our embedded derivatives. For example, the 30-year U.S. swap rate increased 176 basis points in 2022 and increased 33 basis points in 2021. 
 Key equity index levels decreased in 2022 versus increased in 2021, contributing to an unfavorable change in our embedded derivatives and a favorable change in our freestanding derivatives. For example, the S P 500 Index decreased 19 in 2022 and increased 27 in 2021. 
 The aforementioned 206 million 163 million, net of income tax) unfavorable change in other risks in embedded derivatives reflects actuarial assumption updates and a combination of factors, such as fees deducted from accounts, changes in the benefit base, premiums, lapses, withdrawals and deaths, in addition to changes to cross-effect, basis mismatch, risk margin and fund allocation. 
 The aforementioned 35 million 28 million, net of income tax) favorable change in the nonperformance risk adjustment on embedded derivatives resulted from a favorable change of 55 million 44 million, net of income tax) related to model changes and changes in capital market inputs, such as long-term interest rates and key equity index levels, on variable annuity guarantees, partially offset by an unfavorable change of 20 million 16 million, net of income tax) related to changes in our own credit spread. 
 When equity index levels decrease in isolation, the variable annuity guarantees become more valuable to policyholders, which results in an increase in the undiscounted embedded derivative liability. Discounting this unfavorable change by the risk adjusted rate results in a smaller loss than by discounting at the risk-free rate, thus creating a gain from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk. 
 When the risk-free interest rate decreases in isolation, discounting the embedded derivative liability produces a higher valuation of the liability than if the risk-free interest rate had remained constant. Discounting this unfavorable change by the risk adjusted rate results in a smaller loss than by discounting at the risk-free interest rate, thus creating a gain from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk. 
 When our own credit spread increases in isolation, discounting the embedded derivative liability produces a lower valuation of the liability than if our own credit spread had remained constant. As a result, a gain is created from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk. For each of these primary market drivers, the opposite effect occurs when the driver moves in the opposite direction. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Net Investment Gains (Losses). The unfavorable change in net investment gains (losses) of 2.8 billion 2.2 billion, net of income tax) primarily reflects (i) losses in 2022 on sales of fixed maturity securities, (ii) the 2021 gain on the disposition of MetLife P C, (iii) lower gains in 2022 on sales of real estate investments, and (iv) mark-to-market losses in 2022 compared to market-to-market gains in 2021 on equity securities, which are measured at fair value through net income (loss). These unfavorable changes were partially offset by 2021 losses on the sales of certain subsidiaries, as well as net foreign currency transaction gains in 2022. 
 Divested Businesses. Income (loss) before provision for income tax related to divested businesses, excluding net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses), decreased 93 million 74 million, net of income tax) to a loss of 31 million 21 million, net of income tax) in 2022 from income of 62 million 53 million, net of income tax) in 2021. Included in this decrease was a decline in total revenues of 1.0 billion, before income tax, and a decrease in total expenses of 939 million, before income tax. Divested businesses primarily included activity related to the disposition of MetLife P C in 2021. 
 Taxes. Our 2022 effective tax rate on income (loss) before provision for income tax was 11 . Our effective tax rate differed from the U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to tax benefits from tax credits, foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the U.S. statutory rate, an IRS audit settlement, the corporate tax deduction for stock compensation and non-taxable investment income. Our 2021 effective tax rate on income (loss) before provision for income tax was 19 . Our effective tax rate differed from the U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to tax benefits from tax credits, non-taxable investment income, an IRS audit settlement, the non-cash transfer of assets from a wholly-owned U.K. investment subsidiary to its U.S. parent and the corporate tax deduction for stock compensation, partially offset by tax charges from foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the U.S. statutory rate and the dispositions of MetLife P C, MetLife Seguros and MetLife Poland and Greece. 
 Actuarial Assumption Review and Certain Other Insurance Adjustments. Results for 2022 include a 75 million 53 million, net of income tax) gain associated with our annual review of actuarial assumptions related to reserves and DAC, of which a 344 million 273 million, net of income tax) loss was recognized in net derivative gains (losses). 
 Of the 75 million gain, a 315 million 242 million, net of income tax) gain was related to DAC, and a loss of 240 million 189 million, net of income tax) was associated with reserves. The portion of the 75 million gain that is included in adjusted earnings is 48 million 33 million, net of income tax). 
 The 344 million 273 million, net of income tax) loss recognized in net derivative gains (losses) associated with our annual review of actuarial assumptions is included within the other risks in embedded derivatives line in the table above. 
 As a result of our annual review of actuarial assumptions, changes were made to economic, biometric, policyholder behavior, and operational assumptions. The most significant impacts were in the MetLife Holdings and Asia segments. In the MetLife Holdings segment, significant impacts included economic assumption updates related to the projection of closed block results and updates to behavioral assumptions for variable annuities. In the Asia segment, the most significant impact was driven by economic assumption updates for interest sensitive whole life and fixed annuities. The breakdown of total current period results is summarized as follows: 
 Economic assumption updates resulted in favorable impacts to reserves and DAC, for a net gain of 308 million 234 million, net of income tax). 
 Changes in biometric assumptions resulted in unfavorable impacts to reserves and favorable impacts to DAC, for a net charge of 5 million 4 million, net of income tax). 
 Changes in policyholder behavior assumptions resulted in unfavorable impacts to reserves and favorable impacts to DAC, for a net charge of 245 million 192 million, net of income tax). 
 Changes in operational assumptions resulted in favorable impacts to reserves and unfavorable impacts to DAC, for a net gain of 17 million 15 million, net of income tax). 
 Results for 2021 include a 281 million 216 million, net of income tax) charge associated with our annual review of actuarial assumptions related to reserves and DAC, of which a 2 million 1 million, net of income tax) loss was recognized in net derivative gains (losses). Of the 281 million charge, 129 million 96 million, net of income tax) was related to DAC and 152 million 120 million, net of income tax) was associated with reserves. The portion of the 281 million charge that is included in adjusted earnings is 187 million 140 million, net of income tax). 
 Certain other insurance adjustments recorded in 2022 include a 115 million 91 million, net of income tax) favorable reinsurance recapture in our U.S. segment and a 114 million 90 million, net of income tax) charge related to model refinements in our MetLife Holdings segment. These adjustments are included in adjusted earnings. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted Earnings. As more fully described in Non-GAAP and Other Financial Disclosures, we use adjusted earnings, which does not equate to net income (loss), as determined in accordance with GAAP, to analyze our performance, evaluate segment performance, and allocate resources. We believe that the presentation of adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings, as we measure it for management purposes, enhances the understanding of our performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of the business. Adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of our performance relative to our business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results. Adjusted earnings should not be viewed as a substitute for net income (loss). Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders and adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis should not be viewed as substitutes for net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc. s common shareholders. Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders decreased 2.4 billion, net of income tax, to 5.5 billion, net of income tax, for 2022 from 8.0 billion, net of income tax, for 2021. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders and premiums, fees and other revenues to adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 U.S. Asia Latin America EMEA MetLife Holdings Corporate Other Total (In millions) Net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders 2,698 (750) 613 115 276 (598) 2,354 Add: Preferred stock dividends 185 185 Add: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 8 5 6 19 Add: Preferred stock redemption premium Net income (loss) 2,698 (750) 621 120 276 (407) 2,558 Less: adjustments from net income (loss) to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders: 
 Revenues: Net investment gains (losses) (451) (1,124) 52 (99) 4 356 (1,262) Net derivative gains (losses) 429 (2,060) 434 (22) (1,213) 60 (2,372) Premiums 
 41 41 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees (41) 19 75 53 Net investment income 
 (360) (338) (275) (1,024) (281) 5 (2,273) Other revenues 8 155 163 Expenses: 
 Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 
 6 162 (453) (100) 438 53 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 246 43 1,030 1,319 Capitalization of DAC 
 11 11 Amortization of DAC and VOBA 63 (7) 50 106 Amortization of negative VOBA 
 Interest expense on debt Other expenses 
 9 (31) (241) (263) Goodwill impairment Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 
 78 964 50 48 195 (83) 1,252 Adjusted earnings 2,996 1,378 761 246 1,008 (659) 5,730 Less: Preferred stock dividends 185 185 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders (844) 5,545 Premiums, fees and other revenues 38,462 7,457 4,440 2,367 4,353 537 57,616 Less: adjustments to premiums, fees and other revenues (41) 68 75 155 257 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues 38,462 7,498 4,440 2,299 4,278 382 57,359 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 U.S. Asia Latin America EMEA MetLife Holdings Corporate Other Total (In millions) Net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders 3,509 1,597 (258) 58 905 542 6,353 Add: Preferred stock dividends 195 195 Add: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 2 6 3 10 21 Add: Preferred stock redemption premium 6 6 Net income (loss) 3,509 1,599 (252) 61 905 753 6,575 Less: adjustments from net income (loss) to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders: 
 Revenues: Net investment gains (losses) 410 (6) (134) (190) 86 1,363 1,529 Net derivative gains (losses) 226 (818) (416) (20) (1,167) (33) (2,228) Premiums 
 865 117 982 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 73 42 80 195 Net investment income 
 (310) 58 (64) 717 (293) 7 115 Other revenues 11 1 11 220 243 Expenses: 
 Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 
 (610) (81) (8) (141) (338) (1) (1,179) Interest credited to policyholder account balances 2 (211) (42) (695) (946) Capitalization of DAC 
 89 30 119 Amortization of DAC and VOBA (98) (35) (26) (60) (219) Amortization of negative VOBA 
 Interest expense on debt (1) (1) Other expenses 
 (222) 3 3 (81) (267) (564) Goodwill impairment Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 
 (75) 318 117 (4) 355 (331) 380 Adjusted earnings 3,221 2,298 291 301 2,242 (204) 8,149 Less: Preferred stock dividends 195 195 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders (399) 7,954 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis (1) 3,221 2,218 253 245 2,242 (399) 7,780 Premiums, fees and other revenues 29,912 8,381 3,760 2,883 4,771 677 50,384 Less: adjustments to premiums, fees and other revenues 876 73 1 170 80 220 1,420 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues 29,036 8,308 3,759 2,713 4,691 457 48,964 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues on a constant currency basis (1) 29,036 7,263 3,643 2,429 4,691 457 47,519 
 __________________ 
 (1) Amounts for U.S., MetLife Holdings and Corporate Other are shown on a reported basis, as constant currency impact is not significant. 
 
 Consolidated Results Adjusted Earnings 
 Business Overview. Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for 2022 increased 8.4 billion, or 17 , compared to 2021. Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased 9.8 billion, or 21 , compared to 2021 primarily due to higher premiums in our RIS business and growth in our Group Benefits business, both in our U.S. segment. Strong sales and solid persistency in our Latin America segment also contributed to the improvement in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues. In our Asia segment, increases in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues in Japan, Australia and Korea were partially offset by the impact of our actuarial assumption review in both years. A decrease in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues in our EMEA segment was primarily due to the dispositions of MetLife Poland and Greece. In our MetLife Holdings segment, for 2023, we anticipate an average decline in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues of approximately 12 to 14 from expected business run-off. For 2024 and beyond, we expect this decline to be approximately 6 to 8 per year. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax. 
 Overview . The primary drivers of the decrease in adjusted earnings were (i) lower investment yields due to the unfavorable impact of lower equity market returns on our private equity funds and hedge funds, (ii) higher interest credited expense and (iii) higher expenses, partially offset by (i) higher net investment income due to a larger average invested asset base, and (ii) favorable underwriting, primarily driven by an overall decline in COVID-19 related claims. Our results for 2022 also included the favorable impacts from a reinsurance recapture in our U.S. segment, a reinsurance settlement in our MetLife Holdings segment and our actuarial assumption review, as well as the unfavorable impact from model refinements in our MetLife Holdings segment. Our results for 2021 included the favorable impacts of tax adjustments related to an IRS audit settlement and the non-cash transfer of assets from a wholly-owned U.K. investment subsidiary to its U.S. parent, as well as the release of a legal reserve, all in Corporate Other, and the unfavorable impact of our actuarial assumption review. 
 Foreign Currency . Changes in foreign currency exchange rates had a 174 million negative impact on adjusted earnings for 2022 compared to 2021. Unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. Foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items. 
 Business Growth . We benefited from positive net flows from most of our businesses, which increased our average invested asset base and resulted in higher net investment income. However, consistent with the growth in average invested assets, interest credited expenses on certain insurance-related liabilities increased. Higher premiums, fees and other revenues, net of corresponding changes in policyholder benefits, improved adjusted earnings, primarily from growth in our Asia, Latin America and EMEA segments, partially offset by a decline in our MetLife Holdings segment. Higher commissions were offset by higher DAC capitalization. The combined impact of the items affecting our business growth, partially offset by higher DAC amortization, resulted in a 254 million increase in adjusted earnings. 
 Market Factors . Market factors, including interest rate levels, variability in equity market returns, and foreign currency fluctuations, continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. Excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on net investment income in our non-U.S. segments and changes in inflation rates on our inflation-indexed investments, investment yields decreased. The decrease in investment yields was primarily driven by the unfavorable impact of lower equity market returns on our private equity funds and hedge funds, as well as lower prepayment fees. These decreases were partially offset by higher yields on our fixed income securities and mortgage loans, as well as higher income on derivatives. The changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a 3.4 billion decrease in adjusted earnings. 
 Underwriting, Actuarial Assumption Review and Other Insurance Adjustments . Favorable underwriting resulted in a 1.1 billion increase in adjusted earnings and reflected overall lower impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic. This was primarily driven by favorable mortality in our U.S. and Latin America segments, partially offset by unfavorable claims experience in our Asia segment. The favorable change from our actuarial assumption reviews resulted in a net increase of 173 million in adjusted earnings. Refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities in both years resulted in a 132 million increase in adjusted earnings, which includes the favorable impacts from a reinsurance recapture in our U.S. segment and a reinsurance settlement in our MetLife Holdings segment, mostly offset by model refinements in our MetLife Holdings segment, all in 2022. 
 Expenses . Adjusted earnings decreased 253 million primarily due to an increase in corporate-related expenses, as well as the release of a legal reserve in 2021. 
 Taxes . Our 2022 effective tax rate on adjusted earnings was 21 , which is equal to the U.S. statutory rate and reflects tax charges from foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the U.S. statutory rate, offset by tax benefits from tax credits, an IRS audit settlement, the corporate tax deduction for stock compensation and non-taxable investment income. Our 2021 effective tax rate on adjusted earnings was 19 . Our effective tax rate differed from the U.S. statutory rate of 21 primarily due to tax benefits from tax credits, non-taxable investment income, an IRS audit settlement, the non-cash transfer of assets from a wholly-owned U.K. investment subsidiary to its U.S. parent and the corporate tax deduction for stock compensation, partially offset by tax charges from foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the U.S. statutory rate. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Results and Corporate Other 
 
 U.S. 
 Business Overview. Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for 2022 increased 9.4 billion, or 32 , compared to 2021. This was primarily due to higher premiums in our RIS business, as well as growth in our Group Benefits business. The increase in premiums in RIS was mainly driven by a large pension risk transfer transaction in 2022. Changes in RIS premiums are mostly offset by a corresponding change in policyholder benefits. The increase in our Group Benefits business was primarily due to growth from our voluntary products, group disability and dental businesses. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Adjusted revenues Premiums 35,548 26,358 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 1,158 1,140 Net investment income 7,340 8,048 Other revenues 1,756 1,538 Total adjusted revenues 45,802 37,084 Adjusted expenses Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 36,273 27,957 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 1,789 1,422 Capitalization of DAC (77) (65) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 59 60 Interest expense on debt 9 7 Other expenses 3,962 3,632 Total adjusted expenses 42,015 33,013 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 791 850 Adjusted earnings 2,996 3,221 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues 38,462 29,036 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax. 
 Business Growth . The impact of positive flows from pension risk transfer transactions and funding agreement issuances resulted in higher average invested assets, improving net investment income. However, this was partially offset by a corresponding increase in interest credited expenses on long duration insurance and investment-type products. Higher direct expenses, including certain employee-related costs, coupled with an increase in variable expenses, exceeded the corresponding increase in premiums, fees and other revenues. The combined impact of the items affecting our business growth increased adjusted earnings by 133 million. 
 Market Factors . Market factors, including interest rate levels, variability in equity market returns and foreign currency fluctuations, continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. Investment yields decreased primarily driven by the unfavorable impact of lower equity market returns on our private equity funds and hedge funds, partially offset by higher yields on fixed income securities and mortgage loans, and higher income on derivatives. The impact of interest rate fluctuations resulted in an increase in our average interest credited rates on long duration insurance and investment-type products, which drove an increase in interest credited expenses. The changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a 1.3 billion decrease in adjusted earnings. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Underwriting and Other Insurance Adjustments . Favorable mortality in our Group Benefits business resulted in an increase in adjusted earnings of 830 million. This was driven by decreases in both incidence and severity of COVID-19 and non-COVID-19 claims. Less favorable mortality in our RIS business resulted in a decrease in adjusted earnings of 64 million, primarily driven by our structured settlement and pension risk transfer businesses. Favorable claims experience in our Group Benefits business, primarily within our accident health, vision and dental businesses, partially offset by unfavorable experience in our individual and group disability businesses resulted in a 74 million increase to adjusted earnings. Refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities in both years resulted in a 150 million increase in adjusted earnings, which includes the favorable impact from a reinsurance recapture in the current year. 
 
 Asia 
 Business Overview. Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for 2022 decreased 810 million, or 10 , compared to 2021. Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased 235 million, or 3 , compared to 2021, mainly due to increases in Japan, Australia and Korea, partially offset by the impact of our actuarial assumption review in both years. In Japan, higher fees from foreign currency-denominated life and fixed annuity products were partially offset by a decrease in premiums from yen-denominated life products. The increases in Australia and Korea were primarily due to business growth. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Adjusted revenues Premiums 5,568 6,421 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 1,840 1,814 Net investment income 3,909 5,052 Other revenues 90 73 Total adjusted revenues 11,407 13,360 Adjusted expenses Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 4,752 5,008 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 2,003 1,995 Capitalization of DAC (1,524) (1,607) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 1,105 1,369 Amortization of negative VOBA (36) (27) Other expenses 3,153 3,388 Total adjusted expenses 9,453 10,126 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 576 936 Adjusted earnings 1,378 2,298 Adjusted earnings on a constant currency basis 1,378 2,218 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues 7,498 8,308 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues on a constant currency basis 7,498 7,263 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax. 
 Foreign Currency . Changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased adjusted earnings by 80 million for 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the weakening of the Japanese yen, Korean won and Australian dollar against the U.S. dollar. Unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. Foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Business Growth. Increased premiums, fees and other revenues were partially offset by higher policyholder benefits and commissions, net of DAC capitalization, which contributed to Asia s business growth. Positive net flows in Japan and Korea resulted in higher average invested assets, which improved net investment income. The increase in net investment income was largely offset by a corresponding increase in interest credited expenses on certain insurance liabilities. The combined impact of the items affecting our business growth, partially offset by higher DAC amortization, improved adjusted earnings by 99 million. 
 Market Factors. Market factors, including interest rate levels and variability in equity market returns, continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. Investment yields decreased, driven by the unfavorable impact of lower equity market returns on our private equity and hedge funds, and lower income on derivatives. These unfavorable impacts were partially offset by higher yields on fixed income securities supporting products sold in Japan denominated in U.S. dollars and Japanese yen. In addition, a decrease in interest credited expenses on certain insurance liabilities improved adjusted earnings. The changes in market factors discussed above decreased adjusted earnings by 804 million. 
 Underwriting, Actuarial Assumption Review and Other Insurance Adjustments . Unfavorable underwriting, mainly driven by COVID-19-related claims in Japan, decreased adjusted earnings by 202 million. The favorable change from our actuarial assumption reviews resulted in a net increase of 102 million in adjusted earnings. Refinements to certain insurance liabilities and other liabilities in both years resulted in an 18 million increase in adjusted earnings. 
 Expenses and Taxes . Higher expenses, primarily driven by higher employee-related and other operating expenses, as well as an increase in corporate overhead costs, decreased adjusted earnings by 60 million. Our 2022 results also included a benefit of 8 million resulting from a change in the tax rate in Korea. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Latin America 
 Business Overview. Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for 2022 increased 681 million, or 18 , compared to 2021. Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased 797 million, or 22 , compared to 2021, mainly driven by strong sales and solid persistency across the region. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Adjusted revenues Premiums 3,226 2,609 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 1,175 1,109 Net investment income 1,593 1,271 Other revenues 39 41 Total adjusted revenues 6,033 5,030 Adjusted expenses Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 3,301 3,143 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 335 249 Capitalization of DAC (499) (414) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 339 285 Interest expense on debt 12 5 Other expenses 1,553 1,401 Total adjusted expenses 5,041 4,669 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 231 70 Adjusted earnings 761 291 Adjusted earnings on a constant currency basis 761 253 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues 4,440 3,759 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues on a constant currency basis 4,440 3,643 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax. 
 Foreign Currency . Changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased adjusted earnings by 38 million for 2022 compared to 2021, mainly due to the weakening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, primarily the Chilean peso. Unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. Foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items. 
 Business Growth . Latin America experienced premium and fee growth across the region, primarily in Chile and Mexico. The increase in premiums and fees was partially offset by related changes in policyholder benefits. An increase in average invested assets, primarily in Chile and Mexico, generated higher net investment income. The increase in net investment income was partially offset by a corresponding increase in interest credited expenses on certain insurance liabilities. Business growth in the region drove an increase in commissions and other variable expenses, which was partially offset by higher DAC capitalization. The combined impact of the items affecting business growth, partially offset by higher DAC amortization, increased adjusted earnings by 71 million. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Market Factors . Market factors, including interest rate levels and variability in equity market returns, continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. Investment yields increased, driven by higher yields on fixed maturity securities in Chile and Mexico, higher earnings from a joint venture investment in Chile, the favorable impact of an increase in bond index returns on our Chilean encaje within fair value option securities FVO Securities ), and higher income on derivatives. These increases were partially offset by lower equity market returns on private equity funds. An increase in interest credited expenses on certain insurance liabilities also decreased adjusted earnings. The changes in market factors discussed above, as well as the net impact of inflation, resulted in a 22 million increase in adjusted earnings. 
 Underwriting, Actuarial Assumption Review and Other Insurance Adjustments . Favorable underwriting drove a 395 million increase in adjusted earnings. This increase includes a decline in COVID-19-related claims, primarily in Mexico and Brazil, as well as a reduction to the incurred but not reported reserve that was established in the prior year. The favorable change from our actuarial assumption reviews resulted in a net increase of 9 million in adjusted earnings. Refinements to certain insurance liabilities and other liabilities in both periods resulted in a 20 million increase in adjusted earnings. 
 Expenses and Taxes . Adjusted earnings decreased 46 million due to higher employee-related costs and the region s continued investment in technology, partially offset by the impact of continued expense discipline. Tax-related adjustments in both years resulted in a 37 million increase in adjusted earnings, primarily driven by a recurring tax item related to inflation in Chile, as well as a 2022 adjustment related to the filing of the Company s 2021 U.S. income tax return. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 EMEA 
 Business Overview . Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for 2022 decreased 414 million, or 15 , compared to 2021. Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, decreased 130 million, or 5 , compared to 2021 primarily due to (i) the disposition of MetLife Poland and Greece, (ii) a prior year favorable refinement to an unearned premium reserve in Italy, and (iii) decreases in our corporate solutions and variable life businesses in the Gulf, as well as our pension business in Romania, partially offset by growth in our (i) accident health business across the region, (ii) corporate solutions business in Egypt, and (iii) credit life business in Turkey and Romania. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Adjusted revenues Premiums 1,964 2,271 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 300 395 Net investment income 160 215 Other revenues 35 47 Total adjusted revenues 2,459 2,928 Adjusted expenses Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 990 1,241 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 71 86 Capitalization of DAC (411) (469) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 333 356 Amortization of negative VOBA (5) (7) Interest expense on debt Other expenses 1,171 1,324 Total adjusted expenses 2,149 2,531 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 64 96 Adjusted earnings 246 301 Adjusted earnings on a constant currency basis 246 245 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues 2,299 2,713 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues on a constant currency basis 2,299 2,429 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax. 
 Foreign Currency . Changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased adjusted earnings by 56 million for 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily driven by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Turkish lira, euro and British pound. Unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. Foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items. 
 Business Growth . Growth in our (i) accident health business across the region, (ii) credit life business in Turkey, (iii) corporate solutions business in Egypt, (iv) ordinary life business in Europe, and (v) other minor increases across the region, partially offset by decreases in our variable life and corporate solutions businesses in the Gulf, as well as our pension business in Romania, resulted in a 6 million increase in adjusted earnings. 
 Market Factors . Market factors, including interest rate levels and variability in equity market returns, resulted in a slight decrease in adjusted earnings. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Underwriting, Actuarial Assumption Review and Other Insurance Adjustments . Adjusted earnings increased 53 million as a result of favorable underwriting experience, primarily due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted in lower utilization in 2022 and higher claims in 2021. Favorable underwriting experience in our (i) corporate solutions business in Egypt, the U.K. and the Gulf, (ii) variable life business in Lebanon and Czech Republic, and (iii) credit life business in Turkey and Romania were partially offset by unfavorable underwriting experience in our ordinary life business in France. The favorable change from our actuarial assumption reviews resulted in a net increase of 10 million in adjusted earnings. Refinements to certain insurance-related assets and liabilities in both years resulted in a 43 million decrease in adjusted earnings. 
 Expenses and Taxes. Higher expenses resulted in a 24 million decrease in adjusted earnings due to various operating expenses across the region. Taxes increased adjusted earnings by 12 million primarily due to changes in business mix among tax jurisdictions and tax-related adjustments in both years. 
 Other . In addition to the items discussed above, adjusted earnings decreased by 11 million due to the disposition of MetLife Poland and Greece. 
 
 MetLife Holdings 
 Business Overview. Our MetLife Holdings segment consists of operations relating to products and businesses, previously included in our former retail business, that we no longer actively market in the U.S. For 2023, we anticipate an average decline in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues of approximately 12 to 14 from expected business run-off. For 2024 and beyond, we expect this decline to be approximately 6 to 8 per year. A significant portion of our adjusted earnings is driven by separate account balances. Most directly, these balances determine asset-based fee income but they also impact DAC amortization and asset-based commissions. Separate account balances are driven by movements in the market, surrenders, deposits, withdrawals, benefit payments, transfers and policy charges. Although we have discontinued selling our long-term care product, we continue to collect premiums and administer the existing block of business, which contributed to asset growth in the segment, and we expect the related reserves to grow as this block matures. Our future policyholder benefit liability for our long-term care business was 14.3 billion and 14.4 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Adjusted revenues Premiums 3,066 3,333 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 1,057 1,101 Net investment income 4,971 6,450 Other revenues 155 257 Total adjusted revenues 9,249 11,141 Adjusted expenses Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 6,056 6,268 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 813 840 Capitalization of DAC (28) (33) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 192 257 Interest expense on debt 8 5 Other expenses 953 992 Total adjusted expenses 7,994 8,329 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 247 570 Adjusted earnings 1,008 2,242 Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues 4,278 4,691 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax. 
 Business Growth. A decrease in average invested assets resulted in lower net investment income, decreasing adjusted earnings. In our deferred annuity business, negative net flows resulted in lower asset-based fee income. In addition, premiums declined due to business run-off and the impact of dividend scale reductions in both periods. The combined impact of the items affecting our business growth, partially offset by lower DAC amortization, resulted in a 145 million decrease in adjusted earnings. 
 Market Factors . Market factors, including interest rate levels, variability in equity market returns, and foreign currency fluctuations, continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. Investment yields decreased driven by the unfavorable impact of lower equity market returns on our private equity and hedge funds, lower prepayment fees and lower yields on our mortgage loans and fixed income securities. The changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a 1.2 billion decrease in adjusted earnings. 
 Underwriting, Actuarial Assumption Review and Other Insurance Adjustments. Less favorable underwriting, mainly in our long-term care business, reflecting a smaller impact from the COVID-19 pandemic in 2022, partially offset by favorable underwriting in our life business, resulted in a 30 million decrease in adjusted earnings. The favorable change from our actuarial assumption reviews resulted in a net increase of 52 million in adjusted earnings. Refinements to certain insurance-related liabilities, which include the unfavorable impact from model refinements, partially offset by a reinsurance settlement, all in 2022, resulted in a 13 million decrease in adjusted earnings. Dividend scale reductions, as well as run-off in the MLIC closed block, contributed to lower dividend expense, net of DAC amortization, and resulted in a 80 million increase in adjusted earnings. 
 Expenses. Adjusted earnings increased by 20 million mainly due to lower corporate-related expenses. 
 
 Corporate Other 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Adjusted revenues Premiums (16) 35 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 2 2 Net investment income 216 244 Other revenues 396 420 Total adjusted revenues 598 701 Adjusted expenses Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends (6) 34 Capitalization of DAC (8) (11) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 9 9 Interest expense on debt 909 902 Other expenses 709 562 Total adjusted expenses 1,613 1,496 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) (356) (591) Adjusted earnings (659) (204) Less: Preferred stock dividends 185 195 Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders (844) (399) Adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues 382 457 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 The table below presents adjusted earnings available to common shareholders by source: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Business activities 138 143 Net investment income 219 248 Interest expense on debt (943) (944) Corporate initiatives and projects (64) (128) Other (365) (114) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit and other tax-related items 356 591 Preferred stock dividends (185) (195) Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders (844) (399) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax. 
 Net Investment Income. Net investment income decreased 23 million, primarily due to the unfavorable impact of lower equity market returns, predominantly on our private equity funds and FVO Securities, as well as lower investment income from our mortgage loans. These decreases were partially offset by higher yields on our fixed income securities. 
 Corporate Initiatives and Projects Other . Adjusted earnings decreased 147 million, primarily as a result of an increase in corporate-related expenses, the release of a legal reserve in the prior year and higher interest expense on tax positions due to audit settlements in both years, partially offset by lower employee-related costs. 
 Provision for Income Tax (Expense) Benefit and Other Tax-Related Items. An unfavorable change in Corporate Other s taxes was primarily due to (i) lower utilization of tax preferenced items, which include non-taxable investment income and tax credits, (ii) IRS audit settlements in both years, and (iii) the non-cash transfer of assets from a wholly-owned U.K. investment subsidiary to its U.S. parent in 2021, partially offset by lower taxes on stock compensation. 
 Preferred Stock Dividends . Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders increased 10 million primarily as a result of the redemption and cancellation of the 5.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C (the Series C preferred stock ), in June 2021. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Investments 
 
 Overview 
 We manage our investment portfolio using disciplined ALM principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. Our intent is to match the timing and amount of liability cash outflows with invested assets that have cash inflows of comparable timing and amount, while optimizing risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return. Our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with the vast majority of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities AFS and mortgage loans. These securities and loans have varying maturities and other characteristics which cause them to be generally well suited for matching the cash flow and duration of insurance liabilities. 
 
 Current Environment 
 As a global insurance company, we continue to be impacted by the changing global financial and economic environment, the fiscal and monetary policy of governments and central banks around the world and other governmental measures. Global inflation, supply chain disruptions, the Russia-Ukraine conflict, and the COVID-19 pandemic continue to impact the global economy and financial markets and has caused volatility in the global equity, credit and real estate markets. See Industry Trends Financial and Economic Environment for further information regarding conditions in the global financial markets and the economy generally which may affect us. These factors may persist for some time and may continue to impact pricing levels of risk-bearing investments, as well as our business operations, investment portfolio and derivatives. Rising market interest rates have impacted our investment portfolio and derivatives. See Results of Operations Consolidated Results and Results of Operations Consolidated Results Adjusted Earnings for impacts on our derivatives and analysis of the period over period changes in investment portfolio results and Investments Fixed Maturity Securities AFS Evaluation of Fixed Maturity Securities AFS for Credit Loss Evaluation of Fixed Maturity Securities AFS in an Unrealized Loss Position in Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for impacts on the net unrealized gain (loss) on our fixed maturity securities AFS. 
 
 Selected Country Investments 
 We have a market presence in numerous countries and, therefore, our investment portfolio, which supports our insurance operations and related policyholder liabilities, as well as our global portfolio diversification objectives, is exposed to risks posed by local political and economic conditions. The countries included in the following table have been the most affected by these risks. The table below presents a summary of selected country fixed maturity securities AFS, at estimated fair value, on a country of risk basis (e.g. where the issuer primarily conducts business). 
 Selected Country Fixed Maturity Securities AFS at December 31, 2022 Country 
 Sovereign (1) Financial Services Non-Financial Services Total (2) (Dollars in millions) Italy 16 60 582 658 Peru 109 20 175 304 Ukraine (3) 57 2 59 Turkey 36 10 46 Russian Federation (3) 41 41 Total 259 80 769 1,108 Investment grade 46.1 95.5 73.1 68.4 
 __________________ 
 (1) Sovereign includes government and agency. 
 (2) The par value, amortized cost net of ACL and estimated fair value, net of purchased and written credit default swaps, of these securities were 1.3 billion, 1.2 billion and 1.0 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2022. The notional value and estimated fair value of the net purchased and written credit default swaps were 71 million and 0, respectively, at December 31, 2022. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 (3) As of December 31, 2022, the amortized cost, ACL and amortized cost, net of ACL of our Russian Federation sovereign securities were 120 million , 79 million and 41 million , respectively; and the amortized cost, ACL and amortized cost, net of ACL of our Russian Federation corporate securities were 2 million , 2 million and less than 1 million , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the amortized cost, ACL and amortized cost, net of ACL of our Ukraine sovereign securities were 88 million , 31 million and 57 million , respectively; and the amortized cost, ACL and amortized cost, net of ACL of our Ukraine corporate securities were 3 million , 1 million and 2 million , respectively. 
 We manage direct and indirect investment exposure in the selected countries through fundamental analysis and we continually monitor and adjust our level of investment exposure. 
 
 Investment Portfolio Results 
 The reconciliation of net investment income under GAAP to adjusted net investment income is presented below. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Net investment income GAAP 15,916 21,395 Investment hedge adjustments 
 976 895 Unit-linked investment income 1,298 (952) Other 
 (1) (58) Adjusted net investment income (1) 18,189 21,280 
 __________________ 
 (1) See Financial Measures and Segment Accounting Policies in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the adjustments made to net investment income under GAAP in calculating adjusted net investment income. 
 The following yield table presentation is consistent with how we measure our investment performance for management purposes, and we believe it enhances understanding of our investment portfolio results. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Asset Class 
 Yield (1) Amount Yield (1) Amount (Dollars in millions) Fixed maturity securities AFS (2), (3) 3.76 11,098 3.74 11,146 Mortgage loans (3) 4.34 3,536 4.19 3,430 Real estate and real estate joint ventures 6.40 798 4.81 579 Policy loans 5.15 459 5.11 474 Equity securities 3.96 36 4.45 36 Other limited partnership interests (4) 5.92 860 40.71 4,935 Cash and short-term investments 2.31 282 0.80 87 Other invested assets 1,670 1,197 Investment income 
 4.32 18,739 5.05 21,884 Investment fees and expenses (0.12) (539) (0.12) (537) Net investment income including divested businesses (5) 4.20 18,200 4.93 21,347 Less: net investment income from divested businesses (5) 11 67 Adjusted net investment income 18,189 21,280 
 __________________ 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 (1) We calculate yields using adjusted net investment income as a percent of average quarterly asset carrying values. Adjusted net investment income excludes realized gains (losses) from sales and disposals and includes the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Average quarterly asset carrying values exclude unrealized gains (losses), collateral received in connection with our securities lending program, annuities funding structured settlement claims freestanding derivative assets, collateral received from derivative counterparties and contractholder-directed equity securities. In addition, average quarterly asset carrying values include invested assets reclassified to held-for-sale, while ending carrying values exclude invested assets reclassified to held-for-sale. A yield is not presented for other invested assets, as it is not considered a meaningful measure of performance for this asset class. 
 (2) Investment income (loss) from fixed maturity securities AFS includes amounts from FVO Securities of 127) million and 167 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Investment income from fixed maturity securities AFS and mortgage loans includes prepayment fees. 
 (4) See Results of Operations Consolidated Results Adjusted Earnings for discussion of results for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 (5) See Financial Measures and Segment Accounting Policies in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of divested businesses. 
 See Results of Operations Consolidated Results Adjusted Earnings for an analysis of the period over period changes in investment portfolio results. 
 
 Fixed Maturity Securities AFS and Equity Securities 
 The following table presents public and private fixed maturity securities AFS and equity securities held at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Securities by Type Estimated Fair Value of Total Estimated Fair Value of Total (Dollars in millions) Fixed maturity securities AFS Publicly-traded 211,579 76.4 267,040 78.5 Privately-placed 65,201 23.6 73,234 21.5 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 276,780 100.0 340,274 100.0 Percentage of cash and invested assets 61.0 66.1 Equity securities Publicly-traded 1,423 84.5 1,118 88.1 Privately-held 261 15.5 151 11.9 Total equity securities 1,684 100.0 1,269 100.0 Percentage of cash and invested assets 0.4 0.2 
 See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about fixed maturity securities AFS by sector, contractual maturities, continuous gross unrealized losses and equity securities by security type and the related cost, net unrealized gains (losses) and estimated fair value of these securities; as well as realized gains (losses) on sales and disposals and unrealized net gains (losses) recognized in earnings. 
 Included within fixed maturity securities AFS are structured securities, including residential mortgage-backed securities RMBS ), asset-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations (collectively ABS CLO and commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS (collectively, Structured Products ). See Structured Products for further information. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation of Securities . We are responsible for the determination of the estimated fair value of our investments. We determine the estimated fair value of publicly-traded securities after considering one of three primary sources of information: quoted market prices in active markets, independent pricing services, or independent broker quotations. We determine the estimated fair value of privately-placed securities after considering one of three primary sources of information: market standard internal matrix pricing, market standard internal discounted cash flow techniques, or independent pricing services (after we determine the independent pricing services use of available observable market data). For publicly-traded securities, the number of quotations obtained varies by instrument and depends on the liquidity of the particular instrument. Generally, we obtain prices from multiple pricing services to cover all asset classes and obtain multiple prices for certain securities, but ultimately utilize the price with the highest placement in the fair value hierarchy. Independent pricing services that value these instruments use market standard valuation methodologies based on data about market transactions and inputs from multiple pricing sources that are market observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the types of market standard valuation methodologies utilized and key assumptions and observable inputs used in applying these standard valuation methodologies. When a price is not available in the active market or through an independent pricing service, management values the security primarily using market standard internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques, and non-binding quotations from independent brokers who are knowledgeable about these securities. Independent non-binding broker quotations utilize inputs that may be difficult to corroborate with observable market data. As shown in the following section, less than 1 of our fixed maturity securities AFS were valued using non-binding quotations from independent brokers at December 31, 2022. 
 Senior management, independent of the trading and investing functions, is responsible for the oversight of control systems and valuation policies for securities, mortgage loans, real estate and derivatives. On a quarterly basis, new transaction types and markets are reviewed and approved to ensure that observable market prices and market-based parameters are used for valuation, wherever possible, and for determining that valuation adjustments, when applied, are based upon established policies and are applied consistently over time. Senior management oversees the selection of independent third-party pricing providers and the controls and procedures to evaluate third-party pricing. 
 We review our valuation methodologies on an ongoing basis and revise those methodologies when necessary based on changing market conditions. Assurance is gained on the overall reasonableness and consistent application of input assumptions, valuation methodologies and compliance with fair value accounting guidance through controls designed to ensure valuations represent an exit price. Several controls are utilized, including certain monthly controls, which include, but are not limited to, analysis of portfolio returns to corresponding benchmark returns, comparing a sample of executed prices of securities sold to the fair value estimates, comparing fair value estimates to management s knowledge of the current market, reviewing the bid/ask spreads to assess activity, comparing prices from multiple independent pricing services and ongoing due diligence to confirm that independent pricing services use market-based parameters. The process includes a determination of the observability of inputs used in estimated fair values received from independent pricing services or brokers by assessing whether these inputs can be corroborated by observable market data. We ensure that prices received from independent brokers, also referred to herein as consensus pricing, are representative of estimated fair value by considering such pricing relative to our knowledge of the current market dynamics and current pricing for similar investments. While independent non-binding broker quotations are utilized, they are not used for a significant portion of the portfolio. 
 On a quarterly basis, we also apply a formal process to challenge any prices received from independent pricing services that are not considered representative of estimated fair value. If prices received from independent pricing services are not considered reflective of market activity or representative of estimated fair value, independent non-binding broker quotations are obtained, or an internally developed valuation is prepared. Internally developed valuations of current estimated fair value, compared with pricing received from the independent pricing services, did not produce material differences in the estimated fair values for the majority of the portfolio; accordingly, overrides were not material. This is, in part, because internal estimates are generally based on available market evidence and estimates used by other market participants. In the absence of such market-based evidence, management s best estimate is used. 
 We have reviewed the significance and observability of inputs used in the valuation methodologies to determine the appropriate fair value hierarchy level for each of our securities. Based on the results of this review and investment class analysis, each instrument is categorized as Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the lowest level significant input to its valuation. See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for valuation approaches and key inputs by major category of assets or liabilities that are classified within Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Fair Value of Fixed Maturity Securities AFS and Equity Securities 
 Fixed maturity securities AFS and equity securities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis and their corresponding fair value pricing sources were as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 Level Fixed Maturity Securities AFS Equity Securities (Dollars in millions) Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets 
 15,959 5.8 1,293 76.8 Level 2 Independent pricing sources 
 232,048 83.8 129 7.6 Internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques 
 3 0.2 Significant other observable inputs 
 232,048 83.8 132 7.8 Level 3 Independent pricing sources 
 21,762 7.9 45 2.7 Internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques 
 6,639 2.4 214 12.7 Independent broker quotations 
 372 0.1 Significant unobservable inputs 
 28,773 10.4 259 15.4 Total at estimated fair value 276,780 100.0 1,684 100.0 
 See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the fixed maturity securities AFS and equity securities fair value hierarchy; a rollforward of the fair value measurements for securities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable (Level 3) inputs; transfers into and/or out of Level 3; and further information about the valuation approaches and inputs by level by major classes of invested assets that affect the amounts reported above. 
 The majority of the Level 3 fixed maturity securities AFS and equity securities were concentrated in three sectors at December 31, 2022: U.S. corporate securities, foreign corporate securities and ABS CLO. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Level 3 fixed maturity securities AFS decreased by 2.6 billion, or 8 . The decrease was driven by a decrease in estimated fair value recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), partially offset by transfers into Level 3 in excess of transfers out of Level 3, partially offset by purchases in excess of sales. 
 
 Fixed Maturity Securities AFS Credit Quality Ratings 
 The Securities Valuation Office of the NAIC evaluates the fixed maturity securities of insurers for regulatory reporting and capital assessment purposes. The NAIC assigns securities to one of six credit quality categories defined as NAIC designations. In general, securities with NAIC designations of 1 and 2 are considered investment grade and securities with NAIC designations of 3 through 6 are considered below investment grade. If no NAIC designation is available, then, as permitted by the NAIC, an internally developed designation is used. 
 NAIC designations for non-agency RMBS and CMBS are based on a modeling methodology that estimates security level expected losses under a variety of economic scenarios. The modeling methodology for non-agency RMBS and CMBS issued prior to January 1, 2013 incorporates the amortized cost of the security (including any purchase discounts and prior impairments) and the likelihood of recovery of the amortized cost; while for non-agency RMBS and CMBS issued after January 1, 2013, the modeling methodology does not incorporate the amortized cost of the security. The NAIC s objective with the modeling methodology is to increase accuracy in estimating expected losses and recovery value, and to use this credit quality assessment to determine an appropriate RBC charge for non-agency RMBS and CMBS. We utilize these NAIC designations for our non-agency RMBS and CMBS in our disclosures below. The NAIC evaluates non-agency RMBS and CMBS held by insurers on an annual basis. When we acquire non-agency RMBS and CMBS that have not been previously evaluated by the NAIC, an internally developed designation is used until a NAIC designation becomes available. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to the six NAIC designations, the NAIC maintains 20 NAIC designation categories which is an additional, more granular credit quality categorization. These NAIC designation categories correspond more closely to the NRSRO s alpha-numeric credit quality ratings. The NAIC maintains unique RBC factors for each of the 20 NAIC designation categories. The NAIC s goal is to better align RBC charges on securities with the instruments actual credit risk. 
 Rating agency ratings are based on availability of applicable ratings from rating agencies on the NAIC credit rating provider list, including Moody s Investors Service Moody s ), S P, Fitch Ratings Fitch ), DBRS Morningstar, A.M. Best Company A.M. Best ), Kroll Bond Rating Agency and Egan Jones Ratings Company. If no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used. 
 NAIC designations are generally similar to the credit quality ratings of the NRSROs, except for (i) non-agency RMBS and CMBS as described above, and (ii) securities rated Ca or C by NRSROs, included within Caa and lower in our disclosures below, that are designated NAIC 6; accordingly, NAIC designations may not correspond to NRSRO ratings. 
 The following table presents total fixed maturity securities AFS by NRSRO rating, except for non-agency RMBS and CMBS, which are presented using NAIC designations for modeled securities. In addition, in the following table, the applicable NAIC designation from the NAIC published comparison of NRSRO ratings to NAIC designations is provided. 
 December 31, 2022 2021 NRSRO Rating NAIC Designation Amortized Cost net of ACL Unrealized Gains (Losses) Estimated Fair Value of Total Amortized Cost net of ACL Unrealized Gains (Losses) (1) Estimated Fair Value of Total (Dollars in millions) Aaa/Aa/A 1 209,951 (19,930) 190,021 68.7 217,886 21,508 239,394 70.4 Baa 2 81,280 (8,086) 73,194 26.5 77,739 7,470 85,209 25.0 Subtotal investment grade 291,231 (28,016) 263,215 95.2 295,625 28,978 324,603 95.4 Ba 3 11,223 (712) 10,511 3.8 11,439 534 11,973 3.5 B 4 2,786 (215) 2,571 0.9 3,152 (2) 3,150 0.9 Caa and lower 5 517 (116) 401 0.1 563 (37) 526 0.2 In or near default 
 6 85 (3) 82 14 8 22 Subtotal below investment grade 14,611 (1,046) 13,565 4.8 15,168 503 15,671 4.6 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 305,842 (29,062) 276,780 100.0 310,793 29,481 340,274 100.0 
 __________________ 
 (1) Excludes gross unrealized gains (losses) related to assets held-for-sale. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables present total fixed maturity securities AFS, at estimated fair value, by sector and by NRSRO rating, except for non-agency RMBS and CMBS, which are presented using NAIC designations for modeled securities. In addition, in the following table, the applicable NAIC designation from the NAIC published comparison of the NRSRO ratings to NAIC designations is provided. 
 Fixed Maturity Securities AFS by Sector Credit Quality Rating NRSRO Rating Aaa/Aa/A Baa Ba B Caa and Lower In or Near Default Total Estimated Fair Value NAIC Designation 1 2 3 4 5 6 (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 U.S. corporate 40,293 33,569 4,281 1,659 209 19 80,030 Foreign corporate 18,229 30,657 3,121 513 51 1 52,572 Foreign government 38,658 5,143 2,582 256 65 43 46,747 U.S. government and agency 31,786 443 32,229 RMBS 25,510 504 59 69 13 10 26,165 ABS CLO 13,848 2,495 370 74 26 9 16,822 Municipals 11,932 196 24 12,152 CMBS 9,765 187 74 37 10,063 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 190,021 73,194 10,511 2,571 401 82 276,780 Percentage of total 
 68.7 26.5 3.8 0.9 0.1 100.0 December 31, 2021 U.S. corporate 47,377 39,094 4,523 1,796 244 93,034 Foreign corporate 23,228 35,893 3,731 577 210 1 63,640 Foreign government 52,316 5,739 3,032 506 14 2 61,609 U.S. government and agency 46,065 534 46,599 RMBS 29,529 634 150 67 5 19 30,404 ABS CLO 15,920 2,221 316 85 27 18,569 Municipals 13,737 457 18 14,212 CMBS 11,222 637 203 119 26 12,207 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 239,394 85,209 11,973 3,150 526 22 340,274 Percentage of total 
 70.4 25.0 3.5 0.9 0.2 100.0 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. and Foreign Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities AFS 
 We maintain a broadly diversified portfolio of corporate fixed maturity securities AFS across many industries and issuers. This portfolio did not have any exposure to any single issuer in excess of 1 of total investments at either December 31, 2022 or 2021. The top 10 holdings comprised 1 and 2 of total investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The table below presents our U.S. and foreign corporate securities portfolios by industry at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Industry Estimated Fair Value of Total Estimated Fair Value of Total (Dollars in millions) Finance 30,786 23.2 35,676 22.8 Consumer (1) 27,834 21.0 33,043 21.1 Utility 23,215 17.5 28,961 18.5 Industrial (2) 14,276 10.8 16,128 10.3 Transportation 11,342 8.5 13,118 8.4 Communications 10,046 7.6 12,346 7.9 Energy 7,711 5.8 9,184 5.8 Technology 4,396 3.3 5,401 3.4 Other 2,996 2.3 2,817 1.8 Total 
 132,602 100 156,674 100 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes consumer cyclical and consumer non-cyclical. 
 (2) Includes basic industry, capital goods and other industrial. 
 
 Structured Products 
 Our investments in Structured Products are collateralized by residential mortgages, commercial mortgages, bank loans and other assets. Our investment selection criteria and monitoring includes review of credit ratings, characteristics of the assets underlying the securities, borrower characteristics and the level of credit enhancement. We held 53.0 billion and 61.2 billion of Structured Products, at estimated fair value, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as presented in the RMBS, ABS CLO and CMBS sections below. 
 
 RMBS 
 Our RMBS portfolio is broadly diversified by security type and risk profile. 
 On a security type basis, RMBS includes collateralized mortgage obligations and pass-through mortgage-backed securities. Collateralized mortgage obligations are structured by dividing the cash flows of mortgage loans into separate pools or tranches of risk that create multiple classes of bonds with varying maturities and priority of payments. Pass-through mortgage-backed securities are secured by a mortgage loan or collection of mortgage loans. The monthly mortgage loan payments from homeowners pass from the originating bank through an intermediary, such as a government agency or investment bank, which collects the payments and, for a fee, remits or passes these payments through to the holders of the pass-through securities. 
 On a risk profile basis, RMBS includes Agency and Non-Agency securities. Agency RMBS were guaranteed or otherwise supported by Federal National Mortgage Association, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or Government National Mortgage Association. Non-Agency securities include prime, prime investor, non-qualified residential mortgage NQM ), alternative Alt-A ), reperforming and sub-prime mortgage-backed securities. Prime (owner-occupied) and prime investor (non owner-occupied) loans were originated to the most creditworthy borrowers with high quality credit profiles. NQM and Alt-A are classifications of mortgage loans where the risk profile of the borrower is between prime and sub-prime. Sub-prime mortgage lending is the origination of residential mortgage loans to borrowers with weak credit profiles, while reperforming loans were previously delinquent that returned to performing status. 
 The following table presents our RMBS portfolio by security type, risk profile and ratings profile at: 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022 2021 Estimated Fair Value of Total Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Estimated Fair Value of Total Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) (1) (Dollars in millions) Security type Collateralized mortgage obligations 15,275 58.4 (1,917) 17,646 58.0 1,092 Pass-through mortgage-backed securities 10,890 41.6 (1,414) 12,758 42.0 160 Total RMBS 26,165 100.0 (3,331) 30,404 100.0 1,252 Risk profile Agency 16,291 62.3 (2,183) 19,487 64.1 671 Non-Agency Prime and prime investor 3,958 15.1 (687) 3,161 10.4 13 NQM and Alt-A 1,964 7.5 (126) 2,351 7.7 217 Reperforming and sub-prime 2,892 11.1 (230) 4,288 14.1 352 Other (2) 1,060 4.0 (105) 1,117 3.7 (1) Subtotal Non-Agency 9,874 37.7 (1,148) 10,917 35.9 581 Total RMBS 26,165 100.0 (3,331) 30,404 100.0 1,252 Ratings profile Rated Aaa and Aa 21,927 83.8 24,190 79.6 Designated NAIC 1 25,514 97.5 29,529 97.1 
 __________________ 
 (1) Excludes gross unrealized gains (losses) related to assets held-for-sale. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 (2) Other Non-Agency RMBS are broadly diversified across several subsectors and issuers, including securities collateralized by the following mortgage loan types: single family rental, early buyout securitization and small business commercial. 
 The majority of our RMBS holdings were rated Aaa and were designated NAIC 1 at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We manage our exposure to reperforming and sub-prime RMBS holdings by focusing primarily on senior tranche securities, stress testing the portfolio with severe loss assumptions and closely monitoring the performance of the portfolio. Our reperforming RMBS are generally newer vintage securities and higher quality at purchase (e.g., NAIC 1 and NAIC 2). Our sub-prime RMBS portfolio consists predominantly of securities that were purchased at significant discounts to par value and discounts to the expected principal recovery value of these securities and are investment grade under NAIC designations (e.g., NAIC 1 and NAIC 2). 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 ABS CLO 
 Our non-mortgage loan-backed structured securities are comprised of two broad categories of securitizations: ABS CLO. These portfolios are broadly diversified by collateral type and issuer. The following table presents our ABS CLO portfolios by collateral type and ratings profile at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Estimated Fair Value of Total Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Estimated Fair Value of Total Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) (1) (Dollars in millions) ABS Collateral type Vehicle and equipment loans 1,404 8.4 (61) 1,864 10.0 10 Consumer loans 1,212 7.2 (118) 1,672 9.0 48 Credit card 1,181 7.0 (17) 899 4.8 9 Digital infrastructure 1,014 6.0 (112) 834 4.5 7 Franchise 931 5.5 (113) 763 4.1 17 Student loans 814 4.9 (91) 1,143 6.2 16 Other (2) 2,896 17.2 (335) 2,953 15.9 22 Total ABS 9,452 56.2 (847) 10,128 54.5 129 CLO (3) 7,370 43.8 (322) 8,441 45.5 (3) Total ABS CLO 16,822 100 (1,169) 18,569 100.0 126 ABS ratings profile Rated Aaa and Aa 4,285 45.3 5,289 52.2 Designated NAIC 1 7,211 76.3 8,105 80.0 CLO ratings profile Rated Aaa and Aa 5,454 74.0 6,749 80.0 Designated NAIC 1 6,634 90.0 7,815 92.6 ABS CLO ratings profile Rated Aaa and Aa 9,739 57.9 12,038 64.8 Designated NAIC 1 13,845 82.3 15,920 85.7 
 _________________ 
 (1) Excludes gross unrealized gains (losses) related to assets held-for-sale. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 (2) Other ABS are broadly diversified across several subsectors and issuers, including securities with the following collateral types: foreign residential loans, transportation equipment and renewable energy. 
 (3) Includes primarily securities collateralized by broadly syndicated bank loans. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 CMBS 
 Our CMBS portfolio is comprised primarily of conduit and single asset and single borrower securities. Conduit securities are collateralized by many commercial mortgage loans and are broadly diversified by property type, borrower and geography. The following tables present our CMBS portfolio by collateral type and ratings profile at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Estimated Fair Value of Total Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) Estimated Fair Value of Total Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) (1) (Dollars in millions) Collateral type Conduit 6,781 67.4 (740) 8,282 67.8 341 Single asset and single borrower 1,971 19.6 (184) 2,269 18.6 32 Agency 607 5.9 (99) 610 5.0 50 Commercial real estate collateralized loan obligations 418 4.2 (14) 653 5.4 2 Other 286 2.9 (4) 393 3.2 2 Total CMBS 10,063 100.0 (1,041) 12,207 100 427 Ratings profile Rated Aaa and Aa 8,138 80.9 9,614 78.8 Designated NAIC 1 9,765 97.0 11,222 91.9 
 __________________ 
 (1) Excludes gross unrealized gains (losses) related to assets held-for-sale. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 
 Evaluation of Fixed Maturity Securities AFS for Credit Loss, Rollforward of Allowance for Credit Loss and Credit Loss on Fixed Maturity Securities AFS Recognized in Earnings 
 See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about the evaluation of fixed maturity securities AFS for credit loss, rollforward of the ACL, net credit loss provision (release) and impairment (losses), as well as realized gross gains (losses) on sales and disposals of fixed maturity securities AFS at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Contractholder-Directed Equity Securities and Fair Value Option Securities 
 The estimated fair value of these investments, which are primarily comprised of contractholder-directed investments supporting unit-linked variable annuity type liabilities Unit-linked investments ), was 9.7 billion and 12.1 billion, or 2.1 and 2.4 of cash and invested assets, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Notes 1, 8 and 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of this portfolio, investments by asset type, and the related cost or amortized cost, net unrealized gains (losses) and estimated fair value of these securities, the fair value hierarchy, rollforward of the fair value measurements for these investments measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable (Level 3) inputs and net realized and net unrealized gains (losses) recognized in net investment income at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Securities Lending Transactions, Repurchase Agreements and Third-Party Custodian Administered Programs 
 We participate in securities lending transactions, repurchase agreements and third-party custodian administered programs with unaffiliated financial institutions in the normal course of business for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio. 
 Securities lending transactions and repurchase agreements: We account for these arrangements as secured borrowings and record a liability in the amount of the cash received. We obtain collateral, usually cash, from the borrower, which must be returned to the borrower when the securities are returned to us. Through these arrangements, we were liable for cash collateral under our control of 15.2 billion and 24.4 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, including a portion that may require the immediate return of cash collateral we hold. See Notes 1 and 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the secured borrowings accounting and the classification of revenues and expenses. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Third-party custodian administered programs: The estimated fair value of securities we own which are loaned in connection with these programs was 324 million and 273 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The estimated fair value of the related non-cash collateral on deposit with third-party custodians on our behalf, which is not reflected in our consolidated financial statements and cannot be sold or re-pledged, was 331 million and 282 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Mortgage Loans 
 Our mortgage loans are principally collateralized by commercial, agricultural and residential properties. Mortgage loans carried at amortized cost and the related ACL are summarized as follows at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Portfolio Segment Amortized Cost of Total ACL ACL as of Amortized Cost Amortized Cost of Total ACL ACL as of Amortized Cost (Dollars in millions) Commercial 52,502 62.3 218 0.4 50,553 63.3 340 0.7 Agricultural 19,306 22.9 119 0.6 18,111 22.7 88 0.5 Residential 12,482 14.8 190 1.5 11,196 14.0 206 1.8 Total 
 84,290 100.0 527 0.6 79,860 100.0 634 0.8 
 
 The carrying value of all mortgage loans, net of ACL, was 18.5 and 15.4 of cash and invested assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We diversify our mortgage loan portfolio by both geographic region and property type to reduce the risk of concentration. Of our commercial and agricultural mortgage loans carried at amortized cost, 85 are collateralized by properties located in the U.S., with the remaining 15 collateralized by properties located primarily in Mexico, U.K and Australia at December 31, 2022. The carrying values of our commercial and agricultural mortgage loans carried at amortized cost located in California, New York and Texas were 16 , 9 and 7 , respectively, of total commercial and agricultural mortgage loans carried at amortized cost at December 31, 2022. Additionally, we manage risk when originating commercial and agricultural mortgage loans by generally lending up to 75 of the estimated fair value of the underlying real estate collateral. 
 We manage our residential mortgage loans carried at amortized cost in a similar manner to reduce risk of concentration, with 91 collateralized by properties located in the U.S., and the remaining 9 collateralized by properties located primarily in Chile, at December 31, 2022. The carrying values of our residential mortgage loans carried at amortized cost located in California, Florida, and New York were 32 , 10 , and 8 , respectively, of total residential mortgage loans carried at amortized cost at December 31, 2022. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial Mortgage Loans by Geographic Region and Property Type . Commercial mortgage loans are the largest mortgage loan portfolio segment. The tables below present the diversification across geographic regions and property types of commercial mortgage loans carried at amortized cost at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Amount of Total Amount of Total (Dollars in millions) Region Pacific 9,628 18.3 9,676 19.1 Non-U.S. 9,299 17.7 9,969 19.7 Middle Atlantic 7,574 14.4 7,537 14.9 South Atlantic 6,617 12.6 6,800 13.5 West South Central 3,721 7.1 3,492 6.9 New England 2,764 5.3 2,748 5.4 Mountain 2,284 4.4 1,993 4.0 East North Central 1,594 3.0 2,129 4.2 East South Central 620 1.2 759 1.5 West North Central 597 1.1 663 1.3 Multi-Region and Other 7,804 14.9 4,787 9.5 Total amortized cost 52,502 100.0 50,553 100.0 Less: ACL 218 340 Carrying value, net of ACL 52,284 50,213 Property Type Office 21,009 40.0 22,388 44.3 Apartment 10,575 20.2 9,121 18.0 Retail 8,046 15.3 8,548 16.9 Industrial 5,607 10.7 5,096 10.1 Hotel 3,172 6.0 3,201 6.3 Other 4,093 7.8 2,199 4.4 Total amortized cost 52,502 100.0 50,553 100.0 Less: ACL 218 340 Carrying value, net of ACL 52,284 50,213 
 
 Our commercial mortgage loan portfolio is well positioned with exposures concentrated in high quality underlying properties located in primary markets typically with institutional investors who are better positioned to manage their assets during periods of market volatility. Our portfolio is comprised primarily of lower risk loans with higher debt-service coverage ratios DSCR and lower loan-to-value LTV ratios. See Mortgage Loan Credit Quality Monitoring Process for further information and Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a distribution of our commercial mortgage loans by DSCR and LTV ratios. 
 Mortgage Loan Credit Quality Monitoring Process . We monitor our mortgage loan investments on an ongoing basis, including a review of loans by credit quality indicator and loans that are current, past due, restructured and under foreclosure. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding mortgage loans by credit quality indicator, past due and nonaccrual mortgage loans. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 We review our commercial mortgage loans on an ongoing basis. These reviews may include an analysis of the property financial statements and rent roll, lease rollover analysis, property inspections, market analysis, estimated valuations of the underlying collateral, LTV ratios, DSCR and tenant creditworthiness. The monitoring process focuses on higher risk loans, which include those that are classified as restructured, delinquent or in foreclosure, as well as loans with higher LTV ratios and lower DSCR. The monitoring process for agricultural mortgage loans is generally similar, with a focus on higher risk loans, such as loans with higher LTV ratios. Agricultural mortgage loans are reviewed on an ongoing basis which include, but are not limited to, property inspections, market analysis, estimated valuations of the underlying collateral, LTV ratios and borrower creditworthiness, including reviews on a geographic and property-type basis. We review our residential mortgage loans on an ongoing basis, with a focus on higher risk loans, such as nonperforming loans. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on our evaluation of residential mortgage loans and related ACL methodology. 
 LTV ratios and DSCR are common measures in the assessment of the quality of commercial mortgage loans. LTV ratios are a common measure in the assessment of the quality of agricultural mortgage loans. LTV ratios compare the amount of the loan to the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. An LTV ratio greater than 100 indicates that the loan amount is greater than the collateral value. An LTV ratio of less than 100 indicates an excess of collateral value over the loan amount. Generally, the higher the LTV ratio, the higher the risk of experiencing a credit loss. The DSCR compares a property s net operating income to amounts needed to service the principal and interest due under the loan. Generally, the lower the DSCR, the higher the risk of experiencing a credit loss. For our commercial mortgage loans, our average LTV ratio was 57 and 56 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and our average DSCR was 2.6x and 2.5x at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The DSCR and the values utilized in calculating the ratio are updated routinely. In addition, the LTV ratio is routinely updated for all but the lowest risk loans as part of our ongoing review of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio. For our agricultural mortgage loans, our average LTV ratio was 47 and 49 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The values utilized in calculating our agricultural mortgage loan LTV ratio are developed in connection with the ongoing review of our agricultural loan portfolio and are routinely updated. 
 Mortgage Loan Allowance for Credit Loss. Our ACL is established for both pools of loans with similar risk characteristics and for mortgage loans with dissimilar risk characteristics, collateral dependent loans and reasonably expected troubled debt restructurings, individually on a loan specific basis. We record an allowance for expected lifetime credit loss in earnings within net investment gains (losses) in an amount that represents the portion of the amortized cost basis of mortgage loans that the Company does not expect to collect, resulting in mortgage loans being presented at the net amount expected to be collected. 
 In determining our ACL, management (i) pools mortgage loans that share similar risk characteristics, (ii) considers expected lifetime credit loss over the contractual term of our mortgage loans, as adjusted for expected prepayments and any extensions, and (iii) considers past events and current and forecasted economic conditions. Actual credit loss realized could be different from the amount of the ACL recorded. These evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available, which can cause the ACL to increase or decrease over time as such evaluations are revised. Negative credit migration, including an actual or expected increase in the level of problem loans, will result in an increase in the ACL. Positive credit migration, including an actual or expected decrease in the level of problem loans, will result in a decrease in the ACL. See Notes 1 and 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on how the ACL is established and monitored, and activity in and balances of the ACL. 
 
 Real Estate and Real Estate Joint Ventures 
 Our real estate investments are comprised of wholly-owned properties, and interests in both real estate joint ventures and real estate funds which invest in a wide variety of properties and property types, including single and multi-property projects, and broadly diversified across multiple property types and geographies. 
 The carrying value of our real estate investments was 13.1 billion and 12.2 billion, or 2.9 and 2.4 of cash and invested assets, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Our real estate investments are typically stabilized properties that we intend to hold for the longer-term for portfolio diversification and long-term appreciation. Our real estate investment portfolio had significantly appreciated to a 6.7 billion and 6.8 billion unrealized gain position at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We continuously monitor and assess our real estate investments for impairment when facts and circumstances indicate that the real estate may be impaired. There were no impairments (losses) recognized on our real estate investments for either the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 We diversify our real estate investments by property type, form of equity interest (wholly-owned, joint venture and funds) and geographic region to reduce risk of concentration. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of our real estate investments, by income type, as well as income earned . 
 Property type diversification: Our real estate investments are categorized by property type as follows at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Property Type Carrying Value of Total Carrying Value of Total (Dollars in millions) Office 3,964 30.2 4,209 34.5 Retail 1,329 10.1 1,105 9.0 Apartment 1,225 9.3 1,343 11.0 Land 901 6.9 1,008 8.3 Hotel 796 6.1 677 5.5 Industrial 356 2.7 421 3.4 Agriculture 5 18 0.2 Other 6 10 0.1 Wholly-owned and real estate joint ventures 8,582 65.3 8,791 72.0 Diversified property types and multi-property 1,042 7.9 937 7.6 Real estate funds 3,513 26.8 2,488 20.4 Total real estate and real estate joint ventures 13,137 100.0 12,216 100.0 
 Geographical diversification: Wholly-owned and real estate joint ventures totaled 8.6 billion at December 31, 2022, 66 of which were located in the U.S. and 34 of such properties were located outside the U.S., at December 31, 2022, at carrying value. The portion of these properties located in Japan, Washington, D.C. and Georgia were 31 , 8 and 8 , respectively, at December 31, 2022, at carrying value. 
 
 Other Limited Partnership Interests 
 Other limited partnership interests are comprised of investments in private funds, including private equity funds and hedge funds. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of other limited partnership interests wa s 14.4 billion and 14.6 billion, which included 414 million and 663 million of hedge funds, respectively. Other limited partnership interests we re 3.2 and 2.8 of cash and invested assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash distributions on these investments are generated from investment gains, operating income from the underlying investments of the funds and liquidation of the underlying investments of the funds. 
 We use the equity method of accounting for most of our private equity funds. We generally recognize our share of a private equity fund s earnings in net investment income on a three-month lag when the information is reported to us. Accordingly, changes in equity market levels, which can impact the underlying results of these private equity funds, are recognized in earnings within our net investment income on a three-month lag. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Other Invested Assets 
 The following table presents the carrying value of our other invested assets by type at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Asset Type Carrying Value of Total Carrying Value of Total (Dollars in millions) Freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values 11,411 56.9 10,466 56.1 Tax credit and renewable energy partnerships 1,318 6.6 1,564 8.4 Annuities funding structured settlement claims 1,238 6.2 1,251 6.7 Direct financing leases 1,195 6.0 1,143 6.1 Operating joint ventures 1,099 5.5 901 4.8 Leveraged leases 731 3.6 787 4.2 FHLBNY common stock 729 3.6 769 4.1 Funds withheld 359 1.8 525 2.8 Other 1,958 9.8 1,249 6.8 Total 20,038 100 18,655 100 Percentage of cash and invested assets 4.4 3.6 
 See Notes 1, 8 and 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values, tax credit and renewable energy partnerships, annuities funding structured settlement claims, direct financing and leveraged leases, operating joint ventures, FHLBNY common stock, and funds withheld, as well as gains (losses) on disposals of leveraged leases and renewable energy partnerships. 
 Investment Commitments 
 We enter into the following commitments in the normal course of business for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio: mortgage loan commitments and commitments to fund partnerships, bank credit facilities, bridge loans and private corporate bond investments. See Note 21 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the amount of our unfunded investment commitments at December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Net Investment Income and Net Investment Gains (Losses) in Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the investment income, investment expense, gains and losses from such investments and the liability for credit loss for unfunded mortgage loan commitments. See also Fixed Maturity Securities AFS and Equity Securities, Mortgage Loans, Real Estate and Real Estate Joint Ventures and Other Limited Partnership Interests. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Derivatives 
 
 Overview 
 We are exposed to various risks relating to our ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit and equity market. We use a variety of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives, such as market standard purchased and written credit default swap contracts. See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for: 
 A comprehensive description of the nature of our derivatives, including the strategies for which derivatives are used in managing various risks. 
 Information about the primary underlying risk exposure, gross notional amount, and estimated fair value of our derivatives by type of hedge designation, excluding embedded derivatives held at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The statement of operations effects of derivatives in net investments in foreign operations, cash flow, fair value, or nonqualifying hedge relationships for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 We enter into market standard purchased and written credit default swap contracts. Payout under such contracts is triggered by certain credit events experienced by the referenced entities. For credit default swaps covering North American corporate issuers, credit events typically include bankruptcy and failure to pay on borrowed money. For European corporate issuers, credit events typically also include involuntary restructuring. With respect to credit default contracts on sovereign debt, credit events typically include failure to pay debt obligations, repudiation, moratorium, or involuntary restructuring. In each case, payout on a credit default swap is triggered only after the relevant third party, Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, determines that a credit event has occurred. 
 We use purchased credit default swaps to mitigate credit risk in our investment portfolio. Generally, we purchase credit protection by entering into credit default swaps referencing the issuers of specific assets we own. In certain cases, basis risk exists between these credit default swaps and the specific assets we own. For example, we may purchase credit protection on a macro basis to reduce exposure to specific industries or other portfolio concentrations. In such instances, the referenced entities and obligations under the credit default swaps may not be identical to the individual obligors or securities in our investment portfolio. In addition, our purchased credit default swaps may have shorter tenors than the underlying investments they are hedging, which gives us more flexibility in managing our credit exposures. We believe that our purchased credit default swaps serve as effective economic hedges of our credit exposure. 
 See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Management of Market Risk Exposures Hedging Activities for more information about our use of derivatives by major hedge program. 
 
 Fair Value Hierarchy 
 See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for derivatives measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis and their corresponding fair value hierarchy. 
 The valuation of Level 3 derivatives involves the use of significant unobservable inputs and generally requires a higher degree of management judgment or estimation than the valuations of Level 1 and Level 2 derivatives. Although Level 3 inputs are unobservable, management believes they are consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing such instruments and are considered appropriate given the circumstances. The use of different inputs or methodologies could have a material effect on the estimated fair value of Level 3 derivatives and could materially affect net income. 
 Derivatives categorized as Level 3 at December 31, 2022 include: interest rate forwards with maturities which extend beyond the observable portion of the yield curve; foreign currency swaps and forwards with certain unobservable inputs, including the unobservable portion of the yield curve; and credit default swaps priced using unobservable credit spreads, or that are priced through independent broker quotations. At December 31, 2022, 1 of the estimated fair value of our derivatives was priced through independent broker quotations. 
 See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a rollforward of the fair value measurements for derivatives measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable (Level 3) inputs. 
 See Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates Derivatives for further information on the estimates and assumptions that affect derivatives. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Risk 
 See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about how we manage credit risk related to derivatives and for the estimated fair value of our net derivative assets and net derivative liabilities after the application of master netting agreements and collateral. 
 Our policy is not to offset the fair value amounts recognized for derivatives executed with the same counterparty under the same master netting agreement. This policy applies to the recognition of derivatives on the consolidated balance sheets and does not affect our legal right of offset. 
 
 Credit Derivatives 
 The following table presents the gross notional amount and estimated fair value of credit default swaps at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Credit Default Swaps Gross 
 Notional 
 Amount 
 Estimated 
 Fair Value 
 Gross 
 Notional 
 Amount 
 Estimated 
 Fair Value 
 (In millions) Purchased 2,925 (61) 3,042 (100) Written 11,512 105 8,626 165 Total 14,437 44 11,668 65 
 The following table presents the gross gains, gross losses and net gains (losses) recognized in net derivative gains (losses) for credit default swaps as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Credit Default Swaps Gross Gains Gross Losses Net Gains (Losses) Gross Gains Gross Losses Net Gains (Losses) (In millions) Purchased (1) 78 (3) 75 18 (9) 9 Written (1) 62 (154) (92) 52 (11) 41 Total 140 (157) (17) 70 (20) 50 
 __________________ 
 (1) Gains (losses) do not include earned income (expense) on credit default swaps. 
 The unfavorable change in net gains (losses) on written credit default swaps was 133 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to certain credit spreads on certain credit default swaps used as replications widening in the current period and narrowing in the prior period. The favorable change in net gains(losses) on purchased credit default swaps of 66 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to certain credit spreads on certain credit default swaps widening in the current period as compared to narrowing in the prior period. 
 The maximum amount at risk related to our written credit default swaps is equal to the corresponding gross notional amount. In a replication transaction, we pair an asset on our balance sheet with a written credit default swap to synthetically replicate a corporate bond, a core asset holding of life insurance companies. Replications are entered into in accordance with the guidelines approved by state insurance regulators and the NAIC and are an important tool in managing the overall corporate credit risk within the Company. In order to match our long-dated insurance liabilities, we seek to buy long-dated corporate bonds. In some instances, these may not be readily available in the market, or they may be issued by corporations to which we already have significant corporate credit exposure. For example, by purchasing Treasury bonds (or other high quality assets) and associating them with written credit default swaps on the desired corporate credit name, we can replicate the desired bond exposures and meet our ALM needs. In addition, given the shorter tenor of the credit default swaps (generally five-year tenors) versus a long-dated corporate bond, we have more flexibility in managing our credit exposures. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Collateral for Derivatives 
 We enter into derivatives to manage various risks relating to our ongoing business operations. We receive non-cash collateral from counterparties for derivatives, which can be sold or re-pledged subject to certain constraints, and which is not reflected on our consolidated balance sheets. The amounts of this non-cash collateral were 1.7 billion and 1.1 billion at estimated fair value, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company Liquidity and Capital Uses Pledged Collateral and Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the earned income on and the gross notional amount, estimated fair value of assets and liabilities and primary underlying risk exposure of our derivatives. 
 Embedded Derivatives 
 See Notes 9 and 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about embedded derivatives. 
 See Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates Derivatives for further information on the estimates and assumptions that affect embedded derivatives. 
 
 Policyholder Liabilities 
 We establish, and carry as liabilities, actuarially determined amounts that are calculated to meet policy obligations or to provide for future annuity payments. Amounts for actuarial liabilities are computed and reported on the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP. For more details on Policyholder Liabilities, see Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates. 
 We periodically review our estimates of actuarial liabilities for future benefits and compare them with our actual experience. We revise estimates, to the extent permitted or required under GAAP, if we determine that future expected experience differs from assumptions used in the development of actuarial liabilities. We charge or credit changes in our liabilities to expenses in the period the liabilities are established or re-estimated. If the liabilities originally established for future benefit payments prove inadequate, we must increase them. Such an increase could adversely affect our earnings and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 See Business Regulation Insurance Regulation Policy and Contract Reserve Adequacy Analysis and Risk Factors Business Risks for further information regarding required analyses of the adequacy of statutory reserves of our insurance operations. 
 The following discussions on future policy benefits and policyholder account balances should be read in conjunction with Industry Trends Impact of Market Interest Rates, Variable Annuity Guarantees and Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company Liquidity and Capital Sources Global Funding Sources Policyholder Account Balances. See also Notes 1 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Future Policy Benefits 
 We establish liabilities for amounts payable under insurance policies. A discussion of future policy benefits by segment (as well as Corporate Other) follows. 
 
 U.S. 
 Amounts payable under insurance policies for this segment are comprised of group insurance and annuities. For group insurance, future policyholder benefits are comprised mainly of liabilities for disabled lives under disability waiver of premium policy provisions, liabilities for survivor income benefit insurance, active life policies and premium stabilization and other contingency liabilities held under life insurance contracts. For group annuity contracts, future policyholder benefits are primarily related to payout annuities, including pension risk transfers, structured settlement annuities and institutional income annuities. There is no interest rate crediting flexibility on these liabilities. 
 
 Asia 
 Future policy benefits for this segment are held primarily for traditional life, endowment, annuity and accident health contracts. They are also held for total return pass-through provisions included in certain universal life and savings products. They include certain liabilities for variable annuity and variable life guarantees of minimum death benefits, and longevity guarantees. Factors impacting these liabilities include sustained periods of lower than expected yields, lower than expected asset reinvestment rates, market volatility, actual lapses resulting in lower than expected income, and actual mortality or morbidity resulting in higher than expected benefit payments. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Latin America 
 Future policy benefit liabilities for this segment are held primarily for immediate annuities, traditional life contracts and total return pass-through provisions included in certain universal life and savings products. There is no interest rate crediting flexibility on the immediate annuity and traditional life liabilities. Other factors impacting these liabilities are actual mortality resulting in higher than expected benefit payments and actual lapses resulting in lower than expected income. 
 
 EMEA 
 Future policy benefits for this segment include unearned premium reserves for group life and medical and credit insurance contracts. Future policy benefits are also held for traditional life, endowment and annuity contracts with significant mortality risk and accident health contracts. Factors impacting these liabilities include lower than expected asset reinvestment rates, market volatility, actual lapses resulting in lower than expected income, and actual mortality or morbidity resulting in higher than expected benefit payments. 
 
 MetLife Holdings 
 Future policy benefits for the life insurance business are comprised mainly of liabilities for traditional life insurance contracts. For the annuities business, future policy benefits are comprised mainly of liabilities for life-contingent income annuities and liabilities for the variable annuity guaranteed minimum benefits that are accounted for as insurance. For the long-term care business, future policyholder benefits are comprised mainly of liabilities for disabled lives under disability waiver of premium policy provisions, and active life policies. In addition, for our other products, future policyholder benefits related to the reinsurance of our former Japan joint venture are comprised of liabilities for the variable annuity guaranteed minimum benefits that are accounted for as insurance. 
 
 Corporate Other 
 Future policy benefits primarily include liabilities for other reinsurance business. 
 
 Policyholder Account Balances 
 Policyholder account balances are generally equal to the account value, which includes accrued interest credited, but excludes the impact of any applicable charge that may be incurred upon surrender. A discussion of policyholder account balances by segment follows. 
 
 U.S. 
 Policyholder account balances in this segment are comprised of funding agreements, retained asset accounts, universal life policies, the fixed account of variable life insurance policies and specialized life insurance products for benefit programs. 
 Group Benefits 
 Policyholder account balances in this business are held for retained asset accounts, universal life policies, the fixed account of variable life insurance policies and specialized life insurance products for benefit programs. Policyholder account balances are credited interest at a rate we determine, which is influenced by current market rates. Most of these policyholder account balances have minimum credited rate guarantees. 
 The table below presents the breakdown of account value subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates for Group Benefits: 
 
 December 31, 2022 Guaranteed Minimum Crediting Rate 
 Account Value Account Value at Guarantee 
 (In millions) Greater than 0 but less than 2 5,571 5,393 Equal to or greater than 2 but less than 4 1,496 1,453 Equal to or greater than 4 817 786 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Retirement and Income Solutions 
 Policyholder account balances in this business are held largely for investment-type products, mainly funding agreements, as well as postretirement benefits and corporate-owned life insurance to fund non-qualified benefit programs for executives. Interest crediting rates vary by type of contract and can be fixed or variable. Variable interest crediting rates are generally tied to an external index, most commonly (1-month or 3-month) LIBOR or Secured Overnight Financing Rate. We guarantee payment of interest and return of principal at the contractual maturity date. 
 The table below presents the breakdown of account value subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates for RIS: 
 
 December 31, 2022 Guaranteed Minimum Crediting Rate 
 Account Value Account Value at Guarantee 
 (In millions) Greater than 0 but less than 2 1,295 Equal to or greater than 2 but less than 4 771 232 Equal to or greater than 4 4,627 4,439 
 
 Asia 
 Policyholder account balances in this segment are held largely for fixed income retirement and savings plans, fixed deferred annuities, interest sensitive whole life products, universal life and, to a lesser degree, liability amounts for Unit-linked investments that do not meet the GAAP definition of separate accounts. Also included are certain liabilities for retirement and savings products sold in certain countries in Asia that generally are sold with minimum credited rate guarantees. Liabilities for guarantees on certain variable annuities in Asia are accounted for as embedded derivatives and recorded at estimated fair value and are also included within policyholder account balances. Most of these policyholder account balances have minimum credited rate guarantees. Liabilities for Unit-linked investments are impacted by changes in the fair value of the associated underlying investments, as the return on assets is generally passed directly to the policyholder. 
 The table below presents the breakdown of account value subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates for Asia: 
 December 31, 2022 Guaranteed Minimum Crediting Rate Account Value Account Value at Guarantee (In millions) Annuities Greater than 0 but less than 2 32,646 1,679 Equal to or greater than 2 but less than 4 900 394 Equal to or greater than 4 1 1 Life Other Greater than 0 but less than 2 12,122 11,383 Equal to or greater than 2 but less than 4 34,725 21,184 Equal to or greater than 4 265 265 
 
 Latin America 
 Policyholder account balances in this segment are held largely for investment-type products, universal life products, deferred annuities and Unit-linked investments that do not meet the GAAP definition of separate accounts. Liabilities for Unit-linked investments are impacted by changes in the fair value of the associated investments, as the return on assets is generally passed directly to the policyholder. Many of the other liabilities have minimum credited rate guarantees. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 EMEA 
 Policyholder account balances in this segment are held mostly for universal life, deferred annuities, pension products, and Unit-linked investments that do not meet the GAAP definition of separate accounts. They are also held for endowment products without significant mortality risk. Most of these policyholder account balances have minimum credited rate guarantees. Liabilities for Unit-linked investments are impacted by changes in the fair value of the associated investments, as the return on assets is generally passed directly to the policyholder. 
 
 MetLife Holdings 
 Life policyholder account balances in this segment are held for retained asset accounts, universal life policies, the fixed account of variable life insurance policies, and funding agreements. For annuities, policyholder account balances are held for fixed deferred annuities, the fixed account portion of variable annuities, non-life contingent income annuities, and embedded derivatives related to variable annuity guarantees. Interest is credited to the policyholder s account at interest rates we determine which are influenced by current market rates, subject to specified minimums. Most of these policyholder account balances have minimum credited rate guarantees. Additionally, for our other products, policyholder account balances are held for variable annuity guarantees assumed from a former operating joint venture in Japan that are accounted for as embedded derivatives. 
 The table below presents the breakdown of account value subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates for the MetLife Holdings segment: 
 December 31, 2022 Guaranteed Minimum Crediting Rate Account Value Account Value at Guarantee (In millions) Greater than 0 but less than 2 1,028 1,001 Equal to or greater than 2 but less than 4 16,507 14,418 Equal to or greater than 4 7,111 6,512 
 
 Variable Annuity Guarantees 
 We issue, directly and through assumed business, certain variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits that provide the policyholder a minimum return based on their initial deposit (i.e., the benefit base) less withdrawals. In some cases, the benefit base may be increased by additional deposits, bonus amounts, accruals or optional market value resets. See Notes 1 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Certain guarantees, including portions thereof, have insurance liabilities established that are included in future policy benefits. Guarantees accounted for in this manner include GMDBs, the life-contingent portion of GMWBs, elective GMIB annuitizations, and the life contingent portion of GMIBs that require annuitization when the account balance goes to zero. These liabilities are accrued over the life of the contract in proportion to actual and future expected policy assessments based on the level of guaranteed minimum benefits generated using multiple scenarios of separate account returns. The scenarios are based on best estimate assumptions consistent with those used to amortize DAC. When current estimates of future benefits exceed those previously projected or when current estimates of future assessments are lower than those previously projected, liabilities will increase, resulting in a current period charge to net income. The opposite result occurs when the current estimates of future benefits are lower than those previously projected or when current estimates of future assessments exceed those previously projected. At the end of each reporting period, we update the actual amount of business remaining in-force, which impacts expected future assessments and the projection of estimated future benefits resulting in a current period charge or increase to earnings. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Certain guarantees, including portions thereof, accounted for as embedded derivatives, are recorded at estimated fair value and included in policyholder account balances. Guarantees accounted for as embedded derivatives include GMABs, the non-life contingent portion of GMWBs and certain non-life contingent portions of GMIBs. The estimated fair values of guarantees accounted for as embedded derivatives are determined based on the present value of projected future benefits minus the present value of projected future fees. The projections of future benefits and future fees require capital market and actuarial assumptions including expectations concerning policyholder behavior. A risk-neutral valuation methodology is used to project the cash flows from the guarantees under multiple capital market scenarios to determine an economic liability. The reported estimated fair value is then determined by taking the present value of these risk-free generated cash flows using a discount rate that incorporates a spread over the risk-free rate to reflect our nonperformance risk and adding a risk margin. For more information on the determination of estimated fair value, see Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The table below presents the carrying value for guarantees at: 
 Future Policy Benefits Policyholder Account Balances December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 (In millions) Asia GMDB 
 5 4 GMAB 
 11 14 GMWB 
 29 32 56 107 EMEA GMDB 
 2 3 GMAB 
 4 6 GMWB 
 12 19 (49) (58) MetLife Holdings GMDB 
 737 561 GMIB 
 828 1,029 407 180 GMAB 
 (1) GMWB 
 207 174 133 173 Total 
 1,820 1,822 561 422 
 The carrying amounts for guarantees included in policyholder account balances above include nonperformance risk adjustments of 138 million and 120 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These nonperformance risk adjustments represent the impact of including a credit spread when discounting the underlying risk-neutral cash flows to determine the estimated fair values. The nonperformance risk adjustment does not have an economic impact on us as it cannot be monetized given the nature of these policyholder liabilities. The change in valuation arising from the nonperformance risk adjustment is not hedged. 
 The carrying values of these guarantees can change significantly during periods of sizable and sustained shifts in equity market performance, equity volatility, interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates. Carrying values are also impacted by our assumptions around mortality, separate account returns and policyholder behavior, including lapse rates. 
 As discussed below, we use a combination of product design, hedging strategies, reinsurance, and other risk management actions to mitigate the risks related to these benefits. Within each type of guarantee, there is a range of product offerings reflecting the changing nature of these products over time. Changes in product features and terms are in part driven by customer demand but, more importantly, reflect our risk management practices of continuously evaluating the guaranteed benefits and their associated asset-liability matching. We continue to diversify the concentration of income benefits in our portfolio by focusing on withdrawal benefits, variable annuities without living benefits and index-linked annuities. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 The sections below provide further detail by total account value for certain of our most popular guarantees. Total account values include amounts not reported on the consolidated balance sheets from assumed business, Unit-linked investments that do not qualify for presentation as separate account assets, and amounts included in our general account. The total account values and the net amounts at risk include direct and assumed business, but exclude offsets from hedging or ceded reinsurance, if any. 
 
 GMDBs 
 We offer a range of GMDBs to our contractholders. The table below presents GMDBs, by benefit type, at December 31, 2022: 
 Total Account Value (1) Asia EMEA MetLife Holdings (In millions) Return of premium or five to seven year step-up 5,469 34,655 Annual step-up 2,299 Roll-up and step-up combination 3,853 Total 
 5,469 40,807 
 __________________ 
 (1) Total account value excludes 517 million for contracts with no GMDBs. The Company s annuity contracts with guarantees may offer more than one type of guarantee in each contract. Therefore, the amounts listed for GMDBs and for living benefit guarantees are not mutually exclusive. 
 Based on total account value, less than 17 of our GMDBs included enhanced death benefits such as the annual step-up or roll-up and step-up combination products at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Living Benefit Guarantees 
 The table below presents our living benefit guarantees based on total account values at December 31, 2022: 
 Total Account Value (1) Asia EMEA MetLife Holdings (In millions) GMIB 14,516 GMWB - non-life contingent (2) 677 1,417 GMWB - life-contingent 2,112 6,085 GMAB 1,064 98 Total 
 3,853 22,116 
 __________________ 
 (1) Total account value excludes 20.8 billion for contracts with no living benefit guarantees. The Company s annuity contracts with guarantees may offer more than one type of guarantee in each contract. Therefore, the amounts listed for GMDBs and for living benefit guarantee amounts are not mutually exclusive. 
 (2) The Asia and EMEA segments include the non-life contingent portion of the GMWB total account value of 677 million with a guarantee at annuitization. 
 In terms of total account value, GMIBs are our most significant living benefit guarantee. Our primary risk management strategy for our GMIB products is our derivatives hedging program as discussed below. Additionally, we have engaged in certain reinsurance agreements covering some of our GMIB business. As part of our overall risk management approach for living benefit guarantees, we continually monitor the reinsurance markets for the right opportunity to purchase additional coverage for our GMIB business. We stopped selling GMIBs in February 2016. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 The table below presents our GMIB associated total account values, by their guaranteed payout basis, at December 31, 2022: 
 Total Account Value (In millions) 7-year setback, 2.5 interest rate 4,444 7-year setback, 1.5 interest rate 911 10-year setback, 1.5 interest rate 2,943 10-year mortality projection, 10-year setback, 1.0 interest rate 5,277 10-year mortality projection, 10-year setback, 0.5 interest rate 941 14,516 
 The annuitization interest rates on GMIBs have been decreased from 2.5 to 0.5 o v er time, partially in response to the low interest rate environment, in effect at the time the GMIBs were sold, accompanied by an increase in the setback period from seven years to 10 years and the introduction of a 10-year mortality projection. 
 Additionally, 33 of the 14.5 billion of GMIB total account value has been invested in managed volatility funds as of December 31, 2022. These funds seek to manage volatility by adjusting the fund holdings within certain guidelines based on capital market movements. Such activity reduces the overall risk of the underlying funds while maintaining their growth opportunities. These risk mitigation techniques reduce or eliminate the need for us to manage the funds volatility through hedging or reinsurance. 
 Our GMIB products typically have a waiting period of 10 years to be eligible for annuitization. As of December 31, 2022, only 49 of our contracts with GMIBs were eligible for annuitization. The remaining contracts are not eligible for annuitization for an average of three years. 
 Once eligible for annuitization, contractholders would be expected to annuitize only if their contracts were in-the-money. We calculate in-the-moneyness with respect to GMIBs consistent with net amount at risk as discussed in Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, by comparing the contractholders income benefits based on total account values and current annuity rates versus the guaranteed income benefits. The net amount at risk was 433 million at December 31, 2022, of which 371 million was related to GMIBs. For those contracts with GMIB, the table below presents details of contracts that are in-the-money and out-of-the-money at December 31, 2022: 
 In-the-Moneyness Total Account Value of Total (In millions) In-the-money 30 or greater 351 3 20 to less than 30 193 1 10 to less than 20 359 3 0 to less than 10 735 5 1,638 Out-of-the-money -10 to 0 1,647 11 -20 to less than -10 3,378 23 Greater than -20 7,853 54 12,878 Total GMIBs 14,516 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 Derivatives Hedging Variable Annuity Guarantees 
 Our risk mitigating hedging strategy uses various OTC and exchange traded derivatives. The table below presents the gross notional amount, estimated fair value and primary underlying risk exposure of the derivatives hedging our variable annuity guarantees: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Primary Underlying Risk Exposure Gross Notional Estimated Fair Value Gross Notional Estimated Fair Value Instrument Type Amount Assets Liabilities Amount Assets Liabilities (In millions) Interest rate Interest rate swaps 
 7,938 34 763 8,663 52 75 Interest rate futures 
 1,110 2 1 1,087 3 Interest rate options 
 50 5 100 1 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Foreign currency forwards 
 887 26 2 1,149 4 13 Equity market Equity futures 2,508 7 3 3,641 11 5 Equity index options 3,621 213 265 4,161 513 362 Equity variance swaps 163 4 1 699 17 13 Equity total return swaps 
 2,537 9 112 2,763 11 44 Total 
 18,814 300 1,147 22,263 612 512 
 The change in estimated fair values of our derivatives is recorded in policyholder benefits and claims if such derivatives are hedging guarantees included in future policy benefits, and in net derivative gains (losses) if such derivatives are hedging guarantees included in policyholder account balances. 
 Our hedging strategy involves the significant use of static longer-term derivative instruments to avoid the need to execute transactions during periods of market disruption or higher volatility. We continually monitor the capital markets for opportunities to adjust our liability coverage, as appropriate. Futures are also used to dynamically adjust the daily coverage levels as markets and liability exposures fluctuate. 
 We remain liable for the guaranteed benefits in the event that reinsurers or derivative counterparties are unable or unwilling to pay. Certain of our reinsurance agreements and all derivative positions are collateralized and derivatives positions are subject to master netting agreements, both of which significantly reduce the exposure to counterparty risk. In addition, we are subject to the risk that hedging and other risk management actions prove ineffective or that unanticipated policyholder behavior or mortality, combined with adverse market events, produces economic losses beyond the scope of the risk management techniques employed. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 Our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and the economy generally due to our market presence in numerous countries, large investment portfolio and the sensitivity of our insurance liabilities and derivatives to changing market factors. Changing conditions in the global financial markets and the economy may affect our financing costs and market interest for our debt or equity securities. For further information regarding market factors that could affect our ability to meet liquidity and capital needs, see Industry Trends and Investments Current Environment. 
 
 Liquidity Management 
 Based upon the strength of our franchise, diversification of our businesses, strong financial fundamentals and the substantial funding sources available to us as described herein, we continue to believe we have access to ample liquidity to meet business requirements under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios. We continuously monitor and adjust our liquidity and capital plans for MetLife, Inc. and its subsidiaries in light of market conditions, as well as changing needs and opportunities. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Short-term Liquidity 
 We maintain a substantial short-term liquidity position, which was 16.4 billion and 12.4 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Short-term liquidity includes cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed, including amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block. 
 
 Liquid Assets 
 An integral part of our liquidity management includes managing our level of liquid assets, which was 180.4 billion and 223.0 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and publicly-traded securities, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. Assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, regulatory deposits, the collateral financing arrangement, funding agreements and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block. 
 
 Capital Management 
 We have established several senior management committees as part of our capital management process. These committees, including the Capital Management Committee and the Enterprise Risk Committee ERC ), regularly review actual and projected capital levels (under a variety of scenarios including stress scenarios) and our annual capital plan in accordance with our capital policy. The Capital Management Committee is comprised of members of senior management, including MetLife, Inc. s Chief Financial Officer CFO ), Treasurer, and Chief Risk Officer CRO ). The ERC is also comprised of members of senior management, including MetLife, Inc. s CFO, CRO and Chief Investment Officer. 
 Our Board of Directors and senior management are directly involved in the development and maintenance of our capital policy. The capital policy sets forth, among other things, minimum and target capital levels and the governance of the capital management process. All capital actions, including proposed changes to the annual capital plan, capital targets or capital policy, are reviewed by the Finance and Risk Committee of the Board of Directors prior to obtaining full Board of Directors approval. The Board of Directors approves the capital policy and the annual capital plan and authorizes capital actions, as required. 
 See Risk Factors Capital Risks We May Not be Able to Pay Dividends or Repurchase Our Stock Due to Legal and Regulatory Restrictions or Cash Buffer Needs for information regarding restrictions on payment of dividends and stock repurchases. See also Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding MetLife, Inc. s common stock repurchase authorizations. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 The Company 
 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity refers to the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet our needs. We determine our liquidity needs based on a rolling 12-month forecast by portfolio of invested assets which we monitor daily. We adjust the asset mix and asset maturities based on this rolling 12-month forecast. To support this forecast, we conduct cash flow and stress testing, which include various scenarios of the potential risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal. We include provisions limiting withdrawal rights on many of our products, including general account pension products sold to employee benefit plan sponsors. Certain of these provisions prevent the customer from making withdrawals prior to the maturity date of the product. In the event of significant cash requirements beyond anticipated liquidity needs, we have various alternatives available depending on market conditions and the amount and timing of the liquidity need. These available alternatives include cash flows from operations, sales of liquid assets, global funding sources including commercial paper and various credit and committed facilities. 
 Under certain stressful market and economic conditions, our access to liquidity may deteriorate, or the cost to access liquidity may increase. A downgrade in our credit or financial strength ratings could also negatively affect our liquidity. See Rating Agencies. If we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of anticipated cash requirements or if we are required to post or return cash collateral in connection with derivatives or our securities lending program, we may have difficulty selling investments in a timely manner, be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize, or both. In addition, in the event of such forced sale, for securities in an unrealized loss position, realized losses would be incurred on securities sold and impairments would be incurred, if there is a need to sell securities prior to recovery, which may negatively impact our financial condition. See Risk Factors Investment Risks We May Have Difficulty Selling Holdings in Our Investment Portfolio or in Our Securities Lending Program in a Timely Manner to Realize Their Full Value. 
 All general account assets within a particular legal entity other than those which may have been pledged to a specific purpose are generally available to fund obligations of the general account of that legal entity. 
 
 Capital 
 We manage our capital position to maintain our financial strength and credit ratings. See Rating Agencies for information regarding such ratings. Our capital position is supported by our ability to generate strong cash flows within our operating companies and borrow funds at competitive rates, as well as by our demonstrated ability to raise additional capital to meet operating and growth needs despite adverse market and economic conditions. 
 
 Statutory Capital and Dividends 
 Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries have statutory surplus well above levels to meet current regulatory requirements. 
 RBC requirements are used as minimum capital requirements by the NAIC and the state insurance departments to identify companies that merit regulatory action. RBC is based on a formula calculated by applying factors to various asset, premium, claim, expense and statutory reserve items. The formula takes into account the risk characteristics of the insurer, including asset risk, insurance risk, interest rate risk, market risk and business risk and is calculated on an annual basis. The formula is used as an early warning regulatory tool to identify possible inadequately capitalized insurers for purposes of initiating regulatory action, and not as a means to rank insurers generally. These rules apply to most of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries. State insurance laws provide insurance regulators the authority to require various actions by, or take various actions against, insurers whose total adjusted capital does not meet or exceed certain RBC levels. As of the date of the most recent annual statutory financial statements filed with insurance regulators, the total adjusted capital of each of these subsidiaries subject to these requirements was in excess of each of those RBC levels. 
 As a Delaware corporation, American Life is subject to Delaware law; however, because it does not conduct insurance business in Delaware or any other U.S. state, it is exempt from RBC requirements under Delaware law. American Life s operations are also regulated by applicable authorities of the jurisdictions in which it operates and is subject to capital and solvency requirements in those jurisdictions. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 The amount of dividends that our insurance subsidiaries can pay to MetLife, Inc. or to other parent entities is constrained by the amount of surplus we hold to maintain our ratings, which provides an additional margin for risk protection and investment in our businesses. We proactively take actions to maintain capital consistent with these ratings objectives, which may include adjusting dividend amounts and deploying financial resources from internal or external sources of capital. Certain of these activities may require regulatory approval. Furthermore, the payment of dividends and other distributions to MetLife, Inc. and other parent entities by their respective insurance subsidiaries is governed by insurance laws and regulations. See Business Regulation Insurance Regulation, MetLife, Inc. Liquidity and Capital Sources Dividends from Subsidiaries and Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Affiliated Captive Reinsurance Transactions 
 MLIC cedes specific policy classes, including term and universal life insurance, participating whole life insurance, group life insurance and other business to various wholly-owned captive reinsurers. The reinsurance activities among these affiliated companies are eliminated within our consolidated results of operations. The statutory reserves of such affiliated captive reinsurers are supported by a combination of funds withheld assets, investment assets and letters of credit issued by unaffiliated financial institutions. MetLife, Inc. has entered into various support agreements in connection with the activities of these captive reinsurers. See Note 5 of the Notes to the MetLife, Inc. (Parent Company Only) Condensed Financial Information included in Schedule II of the Financial Statement Schedules for further details on certain of these support arrangements. MLIC has entered into reinsurance agreements with affiliated captive reinsurers for risk and capital management purposes, as well as to manage statutory reserve requirements related to universal life and term life insurance policies and other business. 
 The NYDFS continues to have a moratorium on new reserve financing transactions involving captive insurers. We are not aware of any states other than New York implementing such a moratorium. While such a moratorium would not impact our existing reinsurance agreements with captive reinsurers, a moratorium placed on the use of captives for new reserve financing transactions could impact our ability to write certain products and/or impact our RBC ratios and ability to deploy excess capital in the future. This could result in our need to increase prices, modify product features or limit the availability of those products to our customers. While this affects insurers across the industry, it could adversely impact our competitive position and our results of operations in the future. We continue to evaluate product modifications, pricing structure and alternative means of managing risks, capital and statutory reserves and we expect the discontinued use of captive reinsurance on new reserve financing transactions would not have a material impact on our future consolidated financial results. See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our reinsurance activities. 
 
 Rating Agencies 
 Rating agencies assign insurer financial strength ratings to MetLife, Inc. s U.S. life insurance subsidiaries and credit ratings to MetLife, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries. Financial strength ratings represent the opinion of rating agencies regarding the ability of an insurance company to pay obligations under insurance policies and contracts in accordance with their terms and are not evaluations directed toward the protection of investors in MetLife, Inc. s securities. Insurer financial strength ratings are not statements of fact nor are they recommendations to purchase, hold or sell any security, contract or policy. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 Rating agencies use an outlook statement of positive, stable, negative or developing to indicate a medium- or long-term trend in credit fundamentals which, if continued, may lead to a rating change. A rating may have a stable outlook to indicate that the rating is not expected to change; however, a stable rating does not preclude a rating agency from changing a rating at any time, without notice. Certain rating agencies assign rating modifiers such as CreditWatch or under review to indicate their opinion regarding the potential direction of a rating. These ratings modifiers are generally assigned in connection with certain events such as potential mergers, acquisitions, dispositions or material changes in a company s results, in order for the rating agency to perform its analysis to fully determine the rating implications of the event. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Our insurer financial strength ratings at the date of this filing are indicated in the following table. Outlook is stable unless otherwise indicated. Additional information about financial strength ratings can be found on the websites of the respective rating agencies. 
 A.M. Best Fitch Moody s S P Ratings Structure A++ (Superior) to S (Suspended) AAA (Exceptionally Strong) to C (Distressed) Aaa (Highest Quality) to C (Lowest Rated) AAA (Extremely Strong) to SD (Selective Default) or D (Default) American Life Insurance Company NR NR A1 AA- 5th of 21 4th of 21 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company A+ AA- Aa3 AA- 2nd of 16 4th of 19 4th of 21 4th of 21 MetLife Insurance K.K. (MetLife Japan) NR NR NR AA- 4th of 21 Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company A+ AA- Aa3 AA- 2nd of 16 4th of 19 4th of 21 4th of 21 
 __________________ 
 NR = Not rated 
 Credit ratings indicate the rating agency s opinion regarding a debt issuer s ability to meet the terms of debt obligations in a timely manner. They are important factors in our overall funding profile and ability to access certain types of liquidity. The level and composition of regulatory capital at the subsidiary level and our equity capital are among the many factors considered in determining our insurer financial strength ratings and credit ratings. Each agency has its own capital adequacy evaluation methodology, and assessments are generally based on a combination of factors. In addition to heightening the level of scrutiny that they apply to insurance companies, rating agencies have increased and may continue to increase the frequency and scope of their credit reviews, may request additional information from the companies that they rate and may change the capital and other requirements employed in the rating agency models for maintenance of certain ratings levels. 
 A downgrade in the credit ratings or insurer financial strength ratings of MetLife, Inc. or its subsidiaries would likely impact us in the following ways, including: 
 impact our ability to generate cash flows from the sale of funding agreements and other capital market products offered by our RIS business; 
 impact the cost and availability of financing for MetLife, Inc. and its subsidiaries; and 
 result in additional collateral requirements or other required payments under certain agreements, which are eligible to be satisfied in cash or by posting investments held by the subsidiaries subject to the agreements. See Liquidity and Capital Uses Pledged Collateral. 
 See also Risk Factors Economic Environment and Capital Markets Risks We May Lose Business Due to a Downgrade or a Potential Downgrade in Our Financial Strength or Credit Ratings. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of the Company s Primary Sources and Uses of Liquidity and Capital 
 Our primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital are summarized as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Sources: Operating activities, net 13,204 12,596 Net change in policyholder account balances 5,150 3,827 Net change in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions 1,883 Long-term debt issued 1,013 29 Financing element on certain derivative instruments and other derivative related transactions, net 270 Other, net 22 Total sources 19,367 18,627 Uses: Investing activities, net 2,620 11,187 Net change in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions 10,730 Cash paid for other transactions with tenors greater than three months 100 Long-term debt repaid 85 582 Collateral financing arrangement repaid 50 79 Financing element on certain derivative instruments and other derivative related transactions, net 61 Treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases 3,326 4,303 Redemption of preferred stock 494 Preferred stock redemption premium 6 Dividends on preferred stock 185 195 Dividends on common stock 1,598 1,647 Other, net 236 Effect of change in foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 397 478 Total uses 19,288 19,071 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 79 (444) 
 
 Cash Flows from Operations 
 The principal cash inflows from our insurance activities come from insurance premiums, net investment income, annuity considerations and deposit funds. The principal cash outflows are the result of various life insurance, annuity and pension products, operating expenses and income tax, as well as interest expense. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investments 
 The principal cash inflows from our investment activities come from repayments of principal, proceeds from maturities and sales of investments and settlements of freestanding derivatives. The principal cash outflows relate to purchases of investments, issuances of policy loans and settlements of freestanding derivatives. In addition, cash inflows and outflows relate to sales and purchases of businesses. We typically have a net cash outflow from investing activities because cash inflows from insurance operations are reinvested in accordance with our ALM discipline to fund insurance liabilities. We closely monitor and manage these risks through our comprehensive investment risk management process. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing 
 The principal cash inflows from our financing activities come from issuances of debt and other securities, deposits of funds associated with policyholder account balances and lending of securities. The principal cash outflows come from repayments of debt and the collateral financing arrangement, payments of dividends on and repurchases or redemptions of MetLife, Inc. s securities, withdrawals associated with policyholder account balances and the return of securities on loan. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Sources 
 In addition to the general description of liquidity and capital sources in Summary of the Company s Primary Sources and Uses of Liquidity and Capital, the Company s primary sources of liquidity and capital are set forth below. 
 
 Global Funding Sources 
 Liquidity is provided by a variety of global funding sources, including funding agreements, credit and committed facilities and commercial paper. Capital is provided by a variety of global funding sources, including short-term and long-term debt, the collateral financing arrangement, junior subordinated debt securities, preferred securities, equity securities and equity-linked securities. MetLife, Inc. maintains a shelf registration statement with the SEC that permits the issuance of public debt, equity and hybrid securities. As a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer under SEC rules, MetLife, Inc. s shelf registration statement provides for automatic effectiveness upon filing and has no stated issuance capacity. The diversity of our global funding sources enhances our funding flexibility, limits dependence on any one market or source of funds and generally lowers the cost of funds. Our primary global funding sources include: 
 Preferred Stock 
 See Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Common Stock 
 See Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Commercial Paper, Reported in Short-term Debt 
 MetLife, Inc. and MetLife Funding each have a commercial paper program that is supported by our Credit Facility (see Credit and Committed Facilities ). MetLife Funding raises cash from its commercial paper program and uses the proceeds to extend loans through MetLife Credit Corp., another subsidiary of MLIC, to affiliates in order to enhance the financial flexibility and liquidity of these companies. 
 Policyholder Account Balances 
 See Notes 1 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the components of policyholder account balances. See Liquidity and Capital Uses Insurance Liabilities regarding the source and uncertainties associated with the estimation of the contractual obligations related to future policy benefits and policyholder account balances. 
 The sum of the estimated cash flows of 258.3 billion 30.5 billion of which are estimated to occur in one year or less) exceeds the liability amount of 203.1 billion included on the consolidated balance sheet principally due to (i) the time value of money, which accounts for a substantial portion of the difference; (ii) differences in assumptions, between the date the liabilities were initially established and the current date; and (iii) liabilities related to accounting conventions, or which are not contractually due, which are excluded. 
 The estimated cash flows represent cash payments undiscounted as to interest and including assumptions related to the receipt of future premiums and deposits; withdrawals, including unscheduled or partial withdrawals; policy lapses; surrender charges; annuitization; mortality; future interest credited; policy loans and other contingent events as appropriate for the respective product type. Such estimated cash payments are also presented net of estimated future premiums on policies currently in-force and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. For obligations denominated in foreign currencies, cash payments have been estimated using current spot foreign currency rates. 
 FHLBNY Funding Agreements, Reported in Policyholder Account Balances 
 Certain of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are members of FHLBNY. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued 29.9 billion and 34.0 billion, respectively, and repaid 30.8 billion and 34.5 billion, respectively, of funding agreements with FHLBNY. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, total obligations outstanding under these funding agreements were 14.9 billion and 15.8 billion, respectively. See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 Special Purpose Entity Funding Agreements, Reported in Policyholder Account Balances 
 We issue fixed and floating rate funding agreements which are denominated in either U.S. dollars or foreign currencies, to certain unconsolidated special purpose entities that have issued either debt securities or commercial paper for which payment of interest and principal is secured by such funding agreements. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued 48.5 billion and 40.8 billion, respectively, and repaid 47.4 billion and 41.2 billion, respectively, under such funding agreements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, total obligations outstanding under these funding agreements were 40.7 billion and 39.5 billion, respectively. See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Funding Agreements, Reported in Policyholder Account Balances 
 We have issued funding agreements to a subsidiary of Farmer Mac which are secured by a pledge of certain eligible agricultural mortgage loans. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued 625 million and 425 million, respectively, and repaid 625 million and 750 million, respectively, under such funding agreements. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, total obligations outstanding under these funding agreements were 2.1 billion. See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Debt Issuances 
 See Notes 13 and 22 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on senior notes issued by MetLife, Inc. 
 Credit and Committed Facilities 
 See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on credit and committed facilities. 
 We have no reason to believe that our lending counterparties will be unable to fulfill their respective contractual obligations under these facilities. As commitments under our credit and committed facilities may expire unused, these amounts do not necessarily reflect our actual future cash funding requirements. 
 
 Outstanding Debt Under Global Funding Sources 
 The following table summarizes our outstanding debt at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Short-term debt (1) 175 341 Long-term debt (2) 14,647 13,933 Collateral financing arrangement 716 766 Junior subordinated debt securities 3,158 3,156 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes 76 million and 241 million of short-term debt that is non-recourse to MetLife, Inc. and MLIC, subject to customary exceptions, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Certain subsidiaries have pledged assets to secure this debt. 
 (2) Includes 447 million and 482 million of long-term debt that is non-recourse to MetLife, Inc. and MLIC, subject to customary exceptions, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Certain investment subsidiaries have pledged assets to secure this debt. 
 
 Debt and Facility Covenants 
 Certain of our debt instruments and committed facilities, as well as our Credit Facility, contain various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. We believe we were in compliance with all applicable financial covenants at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Dispositions 
 See Acquisitions and Dispositions and Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Uses 
 In addition to the general description of liquidity and capital uses in Summary of the Company s Primary Sources and Uses of Liquidity and Capital the Company s primary uses of liquidity and capital are set forth below. 
 
 Preferred Stock Redemption 
 See Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the redemption of Series C preferred stock. 
 Common Stock Repurchases 
 See Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information relating to authorizations by the Board of Directors to repurchase MetLife, Inc. common stock, amounts of common stock repurchased pursuant to such authorizations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the amount remaining under such authorizations at December 31, 2022. 
 Common stock repurchases are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our capital position, liquidity, financial strength and credit ratings, general market conditions, the market price of MetLife, Inc. s common stock compared to management s assessment of the stock s underlying value, applicable regulatory approvals, and other legal and accounting factors. Restrictions on the payment of dividends that may arise under so-called Dividend Stopper provisions would also restrict MetLife, Inc. s ability to repurchase common stock. See Dividends for information on these restrictions. See also Risk Factors Capital Risks We May Not be Able to Pay Dividends or Repurchase Our Stock Due to Legal and Regulatory Restrictions or Cash Buffer Needs. 
 
 Dividends 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, MetLife, Inc. paid dividends on its preferred stock of 185 million and 195 million, respectively. For both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, MetLife, Inc. paid dividends on its common stock of 1.6 billion. 
 The declaration and payment of common stock dividends are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors, and will depend on MetLife, Inc. s financial condition, results of operations, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by MetLife, Inc. s insurance subsidiaries and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. 
 See Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information, including the calculation and timing of these dividend payments. 
 Dividend Stopper Provisions in MetLife s Preferred Stock and Junior Subordinated Debentures 
 MetLife, Inc. s preferred stock and junior subordinated debentures contain dividend stopper provisions under which MetLife, Inc. may not pay dividends on instruments junior to those instruments if payments have not been made on those instruments. Moreover, MetLife, Inc. s Series A preferred stock and its junior subordinated debentures contain provisions that would limit the payment of dividends or interest on those instruments if MetLife, Inc. fails to meet certain tests Trigger Events ), to an amount not greater than the net proceeds from sales of common stock and other specified instruments during a period preceding the dividend declaration date or the interest payment date, as applicable. If such proceeds were under the circumstances insufficient to make such payments on those instruments, the dividend stopper provisions affecting common stock (and preferred stock, as applicable) would come into effect. 
 A Trigger Event would occur if: 
 the RBC ratio of MetLife s largest U.S. insurance subsidiaries in the aggregate (as defined in the applicable instrument) were to be less than 175 of the company action level based on the subsidiaries prior year annual financial statements filed (generally around March 1) with state insurance commissioners; or 
 at the end of a quarter Final Quarter End Test Date ), consolidated GAAP net income for the four-quarter period ending two quarters before such quarter-end (the Preliminary Quarter End Test Date is zero or a negative amount and the consolidated GAAP stockholders equity, minus AOCI, (the adjusted stockholders equity amount ), as of the Final Quarter End Test Date and the Preliminary Quarter End Test Date, declined by 10 or more from its level 10 quarters before the Final Quarter End Test Date (the Benchmark Quarter End Test Date ). 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 Once a Trigger Event occurs for a Final Quarter End Test Date, the suspension of payments of dividends and interest (in the absence of sufficient net proceeds from the issuance of certain securities during specified periods) would continue until there is no Trigger Event at a subsequent Final Quarter End Test Date, and, if the test in the second paragraph above caused the Trigger Event, the adjusted stockholders equity amount is no longer 10 or more below its level at the Benchmark Quarter End Test Date that is associated with the Trigger Event. In the case of successive Trigger Events, the suspension would continue until MetLife satisfies these conditions for each of the Trigger Events. 
 The junior subordinated debentures further provide that MetLife, Inc. may, at its option and provided that certain conditions are met, elect to defer payment of interest. See Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Any such elective deferral would trigger the dividend stopper provisions. 
 Further, MetLife, Inc. is a party to certain replacement capital covenants which limit its ability to eliminate these restrictions through the repayment, redemption or purchase of the junior subordinated debentures by requiring MetLife, Inc., with some limitations, to receive cash proceeds during a specified period from the sale of specified replacement securities prior to any repayment, redemption or purchase. See Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of such covenants. 
 
 Debt Repayments 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, following regulatory approval, MetLife Reinsurance Company of Charleston, a wholly-owned subsidiary of MetLife, Inc., repurchased and canceled 50 million and 79 million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of its surplus notes, which were reported in collateral financing arrangement on the consolidated balance sheets. See Notes 13 and 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on long-term and short-term debt and the collateral financing arrangement, respectively. 
 
 Debt Repurchases, Redemptions and Exchanges 
 We may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases, redemptions and/or exchanges for other securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Any such repurchases, redemptions, or exchanges will be dependent upon several factors, including our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, general market conditions, and applicable regulatory, legal and accounting factors. Whether or not to repurchase or redeem any debt and the size and timing of any such repurchases or redemptions will be determined at our discretion. 
 See Notes 13 and 22 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the redemption and cancellation of senior notes. 
 
 Support Agreements 
 MetLife, Inc. and several of its subsidiaries (each, an Obligor are parties to various capital support commitments and guarantees with subsidiaries. Under these arrangements, each Obligor has agreed to cause the applicable entity to meet specified capital and surplus levels or has guaranteed certain contractual obligations. We anticipate that in the event these arrangements place demands upon us, there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable us to meet such demands. See Note 5 of the Notes to the MetLife, Inc. (Parent Company Only) Condensed Financial Information included in Schedule II of the Financial Statement Schedules. See also Guarantees in Note 21 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Insurance Liabilities 
 Insurance liabilities include future policy benefits, other policy-related balances, policyholder dividends payable and the policyholder dividend obligation, which are all reported on the consolidated balance sheet and are more fully described in Notes 1 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The sum of the estimated cash flows of 360.8 billion 21.2 billion of which are estimated to occur in one year or less) exceeds the liability amounts of 224.3 billion included on the consolidated balance sheet principally due to (i) the time value of money, which accounts for a substantial portion of the difference; (ii) differences in assumptions, most significantly mortality, between the date the liabilities were initially established and the current date; and (iii) liabilities related to accounting conventions, or which are not contractually due, which are excluded. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 The estimated cash flows reflect future estimated cash payments and (i) are based on mortality, morbidity, lapse and other assumptions comparable with our experience and expectations of future payment patterns; and (ii) consider future premium receipts on current policies in-force. Estimated cash payments are undiscounted as to interest, net of estimated future premiums on in-force policies and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. Payment of amounts related to policyholder dividends left on deposit are projected based on assumptions of policyholder withdrawal activity. 
 Actual cash payments may differ significantly from the liabilities as presented on the consolidated balance sheet and the estimated cash payments due to differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in the establishment of these liabilities and the estimation of these cash payments. 
 For the majority of our insurance operations, estimated contractual obligations for future policy benefits and policyholder account balances are derived from the annual asset adequacy analysis used to develop actuarial opinions of statutory reserve adequacy for state regulatory purposes. These cash flows are materially representative of the cash flows under GAAP. See Liquidity and Capital Sources Global Funding Sources Policyholder Account Balances. 
 Liabilities arising from our insurance activities primarily relate to benefit payments under various life insurance, annuity and group pension products, as well as payments for policy surrenders, withdrawals and loans. For annuity or deposit type products, surrender or lapse behavior differs somewhat by segment. In the MetLife Holdings segment, which includes individual annuities, lapses and surrenders tend to occur in the normal course of business. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, general account surrenders and withdrawals from annuity products were 1.5 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively. In the RIS business within the U.S. segment, which includes pension risk transfers, bank-owned life insurance and other fixed annuity contracts, as well as funding agreements and other capital market products, most of the products offered have fixed maturities or fairly predictable surrenders or withdrawals. With regard to the RIS business products that provide customers with limited rights to accelerate payments, at December 31, 2022, there were funding agreements totaling 127 million that could be put back to the Company. 
 
 Pledged Collateral 
 We pledge collateral to, and have collateral pledged to us by, counterparties in connection with our derivatives. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had received pledged cash collateral from counterparties of 5.7 billion and 7.5 billion, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had pledged cash collateral to counterparties of 423 million and 142 million, respectively. See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about collateral pledged to us, collateral we pledge and derivatives subject to credit contingent provisions. 
 We pledge collateral and have had collateral pledged to us, and may be required from time to time to pledge additional collateral or be entitled to have additional collateral pledged to us, in connection with the collateral financing arrangement related to the reinsurance of closed block liabilities. See Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We pledge collateral from time to time in connection with funding agreements and advance agreements. See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Securities Lending Transactions, Repurchase Agreements and Third-Party Custodian Administered Programs 
 See Investments Securities Lending Transactions, Repurchase Agreements and Third-Party Custodian Administered Programs. 
 
 Litigation 
 We establish liabilities for litigation and regulatory loss contingencies when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. For material matters where a loss is believed to be reasonably possible but not probable, no accrual is made but we disclose the nature of the contingency and an aggregate estimate of the reasonably possible range of loss in excess of amounts accrued, when such an estimate can be made. It is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of all pending investigations and legal proceedings. In some of the matters referred to herein, very large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive and treble damages, are sought. Given the large and/or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters and the inherent unpredictability of litigation, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could, from time to time, have a material adverse effect on our consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods. See Note 21 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions 
 See Acquisitions and Dispositions and Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the Company s business acquisitions. 
 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Management 
 Liquidity and capital are managed to preserve stable, reliable and cost-effective sources of cash to meet all current and future financial obligations and are provided by a variety of sources, including a portfolio of liquid assets, a diversified mix of short- and long-term funding sources from the wholesale financial markets and the ability to borrow through credit and committed facilities. Liquidity is monitored through the use of internal liquidity risk metrics, including the composition and level of the liquid asset portfolio, timing differences in short-term cash flow obligations, access to the financial markets for capital and debt transactions and exposure to contingent draws on MetLife, Inc. s liquidity. MetLife, Inc. is an active participant in the global financial markets through which it obtains a significant amount of funding. These markets, which serve as cost-effective sources of funds, are critical components of MetLife, Inc. s liquidity and capital management. Decisions to access these markets are based upon relative costs, prospective views of balance sheet growth and a targeted liquidity profile and capital structure. A disruption in the financial markets could limit MetLife, Inc. s access to liquidity. 
 MetLife, Inc. s ability to maintain regular access to competitively priced wholesale funds is fostered by its current credit ratings from the major credit rating agencies. We view our capital ratios, credit quality, stable and diverse earnings streams, diversity of liquidity sources and our liquidity monitoring procedures as critical to retaining such credit ratings. See The Company Rating Agencies. 
 
 Liquidity 
 For a summary of MetLife, Inc. s liquidity, see The Company Liquidity. 
 
 Capital 
 For a summary of MetLife, Inc. s capital, see The Company Capital. See also The Company Liquidity and Capital Uses Common Stock Repurchases for information regarding MetLife, Inc. s common stock repurchases. 
 
 Liquid Assets 
 At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, MetLife holding companies had 5.4 billion in liquid assets. Of these amounts, 4.5 billion and 4.2 billion were held by MetLife, Inc. and 909 million and 1.2 billion were held by other MetLife holding companies at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and publicly-traded securities, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. Assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with derivatives and a collateral financing arrangement. 
 Liquid assets held in non-U.S. holding companies are generated in part through dividends from non-U.S. insurance operations. Such dividends are subject to local insurance regulatory requirements, as discussed in Liquidity and Capital Sources Dividends from Subsidiaries. 
 See Executive Summary Consolidated Company Outlook, for the targeted level of liquid assets at the holding companies. 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 MetLife, Inc. and Other MetLife Holding Companies Sources and Uses of Liquid Assets and Sources and Uses of Liquid Assets included in Free Cash Flow 
 MetLife, Inc. s sources and uses of liquid assets, as well as sources and uses of liquid assets included in free cash flow are summarized as follows. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Sources and Uses of Liquid Assets Sources and Uses of Liquid Assets Included in Free Cash Flow Sources and Uses of Liquid Assets Sources and Uses of Liquid Assets Included in Free Cash Flow (In millions) MetLife, Inc. (Parent Company Only) 
 Sources: 
 Dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries (1) 
 5,176 5,176 4,837 4,837 Long-term debt issued (2) 
 1,000 1,000 Other, net (3), (4) 92 44 3,865 (156) Total sources 
 6,268 6,220 8,702 4,681 Uses: 
 Capital contributions to subsidiaries 5 5 88 88 Long-term debt repaid unaffiliated 
 500 Interest paid on debt and financing arrangements unaffiliated 
 764 764 795 795 Dividends on common stock 
 1,598 1,647 Treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases 
 3,326 4,303 Dividends on preferred stock 
 185 185 195 195 Issuances of and (repayments on) loans to subsidiaries and related interest, net (5) 94 94 92 92 Redemption of preferred stock and preferred stock redemption premium 500 Total uses 
 5,972 1,048 8,120 1,170 Net increase (decrease) in liquid assets, MetLife, Inc. (Parent Company Only) 
 296 582 Liquid assets, beginning of year 
 4,177 3,595 Liquid assets, end of year 
 4,473 4,177 Free Cash Flow, MetLife, Inc. (Parent Company Only) 
 5,172 3,511 Net cash provided by operating activities, MetLife, Inc. (Parent Company Only) 
 4,428 3,757 Other MetLife Holding Companies 
 Sources: 
 Dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries 
 1,410 1,410 2,077 2,077 Total sources 
 1,410 1,410 2,077 2,077 Uses: 
 Capital contributions to subsidiaries 
 87 87 24 24 Repayments on and (issuance of) loans to subsidiaries and affiliates and related interest, net 
 5 5 9 9 Dividends and returns of capital to MetLife, Inc. 
 1,434 1,434 1,300 1,300 Other, net 212 390 379 420 Total uses 
 1,738 1,916 1,712 1,753 Net increase (decrease) in liquid assets, Other MetLife Holding Companies 
 (328) 365 Liquid assets, beginning of year 
 1,238 873 Liquid assets, end of year 
 910 1,238 Free Cash Flow, Other MetLife Holding Companies 
 (506) 324 Net increase (decrease) in liquid assets, All Holding Companies 
 (32) 947 Free Cash Flow, All Holding Companies (6) 4,666 3,835 
 __________________ 
 (1) Dividends and returns of capital to MetLife, Inc. included 3.8 billion and 3.5 billion from operating subsidiaries and 1.4 billion and 1.3 billion from other MetLife holding companies for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 (2) Included in free cash flow is the portion of long-term debt issued that represents incremental debt to be at or below target leverage ratios. 
 (3) Other, net includes 129 million and 18) million of net receipts (payments) by MetLife, Inc. to and from subsidiaries under a tax sharing agreement and tax payments to tax agencies for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (4) Also, included in other, net is 0 and 3.9 billion from sales of businesses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (5) See MetLife, Inc. (Parent Company Only) Condensed Statements of Cash Flows included in Schedule II of the Financial Statement Schedules for information regarding the source of liquid assets from receipts on loans to subsidiaries (excluding interest) and the use of liquid assets related to the issuances of loans to subsidiaries (excluding interest). 
 (6) See Non-GAAP and Other Financial Disclosures for the reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of MetLife, Inc. to free cash flow of all holding companies. 
 Sources and Uses of Liquid Assets of MetLife, Inc. 
 The primary sources of MetLife, Inc. s liquid assets are dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries, issuances of long-term debt, issuances of common and preferred stock, and net receipts from subsidiaries under a tax sharing agreement. MetLife, Inc. s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the regulators of their respective domiciles. See Liquidity and Capital Sources Dividends from Subsidiaries. 
 The primary uses of MetLife, Inc. s liquid assets are principal and interest payments on long-term debt, dividends on and repurchases of common and preferred stock, capital contributions to subsidiaries, funding of business acquisitions, income taxes and operating expenses. MetLife, Inc. is party to various capital support commitments and guarantees with certain of its subsidiaries. See Liquidity and Capital Uses Support Agreements. 
 In addition, MetLife, Inc. issues loans to subsidiaries or subsidiaries issue loans to MetLife, Inc. Accordingly, changes in MetLife, Inc. liquid assets include issuances of loans to subsidiaries, proceeds of loans from subsidiaries and the related repayment of principal and payment of interest on such loans. See Liquidity and Capital Sources Affiliated Long-term Debt and Liquidity and Capital Uses Affiliated Capital and Debt Transactions. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Liquid Assets of Other MetLife Holding Companies 
 The primary sources of liquid assets of other MetLife holding companies are dividends, returns of capital and remittances from their subsidiaries and branches, principally non-U.S. insurance companies; capital contributions received; receipts of principal and interest on loans to subsidiaries and affiliates and borrowings from subsidiaries and affiliates. MetLife, Inc. s non-U.S. operations are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by local regulators. See Liquidity and Capital Sources Dividends from Subsidiaries. 
 The primary uses of liquid assets of other MetLife holding companies are capital contributions paid to their subsidiaries and branches, principally non-U.S. insurance companies; loans to subsidiaries and affiliates; principal and interest paid on loans from subsidiaries and affiliates; dividends and returns of capital to MetLife, Inc. and the following items, which are reported within other, net: business acquisitions; and operating expenses. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Sources 
 In addition to the description of liquidity and capital sources in The Company Summary of the Company s Primary Sources and Uses of Liquidity and Capital and The Company Liquidity and Capital Sources, MetLife, Inc. s primary sources of liquidity and capital are set forth below. 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 Dividends from Subsidiaries 
 MetLife, Inc. relies, in part, on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its cash requirements. MetLife, Inc. s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the regulators of their respective domiciles. See Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The dividend limitation for U.S. insurance subsidiaries is generally based on the surplus to policyholders at the end of the immediately preceding calendar year and statutory net gain from operations for the immediately preceding calendar year. Statutory accounting practices, as prescribed by insurance regulators of various states in which we conduct business, differ in certain respects from accounting principles used in financial statements prepared in conformity with GAAP. The significant differences relate to the treatment of DAC, certain deferred income tax, required investment liabilities, statutory reserve calculation assumptions, goodwill and surplus notes. 
 The table below sets forth the dividends permitted to be paid by MetLife, Inc. s primary U.S. insurance subsidiaries without insurance regulatory approval and the actual dividends paid: 
 2023 2022 2021 Company Permitted Without Approval (1) Paid (2) Permitted Without Approval (1) Paid (2) Permitted Without Approval (1) (In millions) Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 2,471 3,539 3,539 3,393 3,393 American Life Insurance Company 499 1,289 554 1,135 800 Metropolitan Property and Casualty Insurance Company N/A N/A N/A 35 (3) 222 Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company 189 163 82 
 __________________ 
 (1) Reflects dividend amounts that may be paid during the relevant year without prior regulatory approval. However, because dividend tests may be based on dividends previously paid over rolling 12-month periods, if paid before a specified date during such year, some or all of such dividends may require regulatory approval. 
 (2) Reflects all amounts paid, including those where regulatory approval was obtained as required. 
 (3) Consists of the stock of a subsidiary paid to MetLife, Inc. See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 In addition to the amounts presented in the table above, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, MetLife, Inc. also received from certain other subsidiaries cash dividends of 340 million and 302 million, respectively, as well as cash returns of capital of 8 million and 13 million, respectively. 
 The dividend capacity of our non-U.S. operations is subject to similar restrictions established by the local regulators. The non-U.S. regulatory regimes also commonly limit dividend payments to the parent company to a portion of the subsidiary s prior year statutory income, as determined by the local accounting principles. The regulators of our non-U.S. operations, including the FSA, may also limit or not permit profit repatriations or other transfers of funds to the U.S. if such transfers are deemed to be detrimental to the solvency or financial strength of the non-U.S. operations, or for other reasons. Most of our non-U.S. subsidiaries are second tier subsidiaries which are owned by various non-U.S. holding companies. The capital and rating considerations applicable to our first tier subsidiaries may also impact the dividend flow into MetLife, Inc. 
 We proactively manage target and excess capital levels and dividend flows and forecast local capital positions as part of the financial planning cycle. The dividend capacity of certain U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries is also subject to business targets in excess of the minimum capital necessary to maintain the desired rating or level of financial strength in the relevant market. See Risk Factors Capital Risks Our Subsidiaries May be Unable to Pay Dividends, a Major Component of Holding Company Free Cash Flow and Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Affiliated Long-term Debt 
 See Senior Notes Affiliated in Note 4 of the Notes to the MetLife, Inc. (Parent Company Only) Condensed Financial Information included in Schedule II of the Financial Statement Schedules for information on affiliated long-term debt. 
 
 Collateral Financing Arrangement and Junior Subordinated Debt Securities 
 For information on MetLife, Inc. s collateral financing arrangement and junior subordinated debt securities, see Notes 14 and 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 Credit and Committed Facilities 
 See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the Company s Credit Facility and certain committed facilities. 
 
 Long-term Debt Outstanding 
 The following table summarizes the outstanding long-term debt of MetLife, Inc. at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Long-term debt unaffiliated 13,588 12,814 Long-term debt affiliated (1), (2) 1,676 1,884 Junior subordinated debt securities 2,465 2,463 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) In December 2021, 54.6 billion 3.1350 senior unsecured notes issued to various subsidiaries matured and were refinanced with the following senior unsecured notes issued to various subsidiaries: (i) 12.2 billion 1.588 due December 2026, (ii) 19.1 billion 1.7185 due December 2028 and (iii) 23.3 billion 1.850 due December 2031. 
 (2) In July 2021, 53.7 billion 2.9725 senior unsecured notes issued to various subsidiaries matured and were refinanced with the following senior unsecured notes issued to various subsidiaries: (i) 13.7 billion 1.610 due July 2026, (ii) 14.3 billion 1.755 due July 2028 and (iii) 25.7 billion 1.852 due July 2031. 
 Debt and Facility Covenants 
 Certain of MetLife, Inc. s debt instruments and committed facilities, as well as its Credit Facility, contain various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. MetLife, Inc. believes it was in compliance with all applicable financial covenants at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Dispositions 
 See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on MetLife, Inc. s business dispositions. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Uses 
 The primary uses of liquidity of MetLife, Inc. include debt service, cash dividends on common and preferred stock, capital contributions to subsidiaries, common stock, preferred stock and debt repurchases and/or redemptions, payment of general operating expenses and acquisitions. Based on our analysis and comparison of our current and future cash inflows from the dividends we receive from subsidiaries that are permitted to be paid without prior insurance regulatory approval, our investment portfolio and other cash flows and anticipated access to the capital markets, we believe there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable MetLife, Inc. to make payments on debt, pay cash dividends on its common and preferred stock, contribute capital to its subsidiaries, repurchase its common stock and certain of its other securities, pay all general operating expenses and meet its cash needs under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios. 
 In addition to the description of liquidity and capital uses in The Company Liquidity and Capital Uses, MetLife, Inc. s primary uses of liquidity and capital are set forth below. 
 
 Affiliated Capital and Debt Transactions 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, excluding acquisitions, MetLife, Inc. invested a net amount of 14 million and 111 million, respectively, in various subsidiaries. 
 MetLife, Inc. lends funds, as necessary, through credit agreements or otherwise to its subsidiaries and affiliates, some of which are regulated, to meet their capital requirements or to provide liquidity. MetLife, Inc. had loans to subsidiaries outstanding of 95 million and 35 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Debt Repayments 
 For information on MetLife, Inc. s debt repayments, see The Company Liquidity and Capital Uses Debt Repayments. MetLife, Inc. intends to repay, redeem or refinance, in whole or in part, all the debt that is due in 2023. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 Maturities of Senior Notes 
 The following table summarizes MetLife, Inc. s outstanding senior notes by year of maturity, excluding any premium or discount and unamortized issuance costs, at December 31, 2022: 
 Year of Maturity Principal Interest Rate (In millions) Unaffiliated: 2023 1,000 4.37 2024 1,000 3.60 2024 421 5.38 2025 500 3.00 2025 500 3.60 2026 191 0.50 2029 - 2052 10,059 Ranging from 0.77 to 6.50 Affiliated: 2023 283 1.60 2025 250 6.56 2026 121 1.64 2026 104 1.61 2026 93 1.59 2028 - 2031 825 Ranging from 1.72 to 1.85 
 
 See Note 22 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the redemption and cancellation of senior notes subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 
 Support Agreements 
 MetLife, Inc. is party to various capital support commitments and guarantees with certain of its subsidiaries. See Note 5 of the Notes to the MetLife, Inc. (Parent Company Only) Condensed Financial Information included in Schedule II of the Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the acquisition of Versant Health. 
 
 Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Future Adoption of Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Disclosures 
 In this report, the Company presents certain measures of its performance on a consolidated and segment basis that are not calculated in accordance with GAAP. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures enhance the understanding for the Company and our investors of our performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of our business. Segment-specific financial measures are calculated using only the portion of consolidated results attributable to that specific segment. 
 The following non-GAAP financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP: 
 Non-GAAP financial measures: Comparable GAAP financial measures: (i) adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues 
 (i) premiums, fees and other revenues 
 (ii) adjusted earnings (ii) net income (loss) (iii) adjusted earnings available to common shareholders (iii) net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc. s common shareholders (iv) free cash flow of all holding companies (iv) MetLife, Inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (v) adjusted net investment income (v) net investment income 
 Any of these financial measures shown on a constant currency basis reflect the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and are calculated using the average foreign currency exchange rates for the most recent period and applied to the comparable prior period constant currency basis ). 
 Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable historical GAAP financial measures are included in Results of Operations and Investments. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are not accessible on a forward-looking basis because we believe it is not possible without unreasonable effort to provide other than a range of net investment gains and losses and net derivative gains and losses, which can fluctuate significantly within or outside the range and from period to period and may have a material impact on net income. 
 Our definitions of non-GAAP and other financial measures discussed in this report may differ from those used by other companies. 
 Adjusted earnings and related measures: 
 adjusted earnings; 
 adjusted earnings available to common shareholders; and 
 adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis. 
 These measures are used by management to evaluate performance and allocate resources. Consistent with GAAP guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings and components of, or other financial measures based on, adjusted earnings are also our GAAP measures of segment performance. Adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings are also the measures by which senior management s and many other employees performance is evaluated for the purposes of determining their compensation under applicable compensation plans. Adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of our performance relative to our business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results. 
 Adjusted earnings is defined as adjusted revenues less adjusted expenses, net of income tax. Adjusted loss is defined as negative adjusted earnings. Adjusted earnings available to common shareholders is defined as adjusted earnings less preferred stock dividends. For information relating to adjusted revenues and adjusted expenses, see Financial Measures and Segment Accounting Policies in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In addition, adjusted earnings available to common shareholders excludes the impact of preferred stock redemption premium, which is reported as a reduction to net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc. s common shareholders. 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 Return on equity, allocated equity and related measures: 
 Total MetLife, Inc. s common stockholders equity, excluding AOCI other than FCTA, is defined as total MetLife, Inc. s common stockholders equity, excluding the net unrealized investment gains (losses) and defined benefit plans adjustment components of AOCI, net of income tax. 
 Return on MetLife, Inc. s common stockholders equity: net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc. s common shareholders divided by MetLife, Inc. s average common stockholders equity. 
 Adjusted return on MetLife, Inc. s common stockholders equity is defined as adjusted earnings available to common shareholders divided by MetLife, Inc. s average common stockholders equity. 
 Adjusted return on MetLife, Inc. s common stockholders equity, excluding AOCI other than FCTA, is defined as adjusted earnings available to common shareholders divided by MetLife, Inc. s average common stockholders equity, excluding AOCI other than FCTA. 
 Allocated equity is the portion of MetLife, Inc. s common stockholders equity that management allocates to each of its segments and sub-segments based on local capital requirements and economic capital. See Risk Management Economic Capital. Allocated equity excludes the impact of AOCI other than FCTA. 
 The above measures represent a level of equity consistent with the view that, in the ordinary course of business, we do not plan to sell most investments for the sole purpose of realizing gains or losses. 
 Expense ratio and direct expense ratio: 
 Expense ratio: other expenses, net of capitalization of DAC, divided by premiums, fees and other revenues. 
 Direct expense ratio: adjusted direct expenses divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues. Direct expenses are comprised of employee-related costs, third party staffing costs, and general and administrative expenses. 
 Direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and pension risk transfers: adjusted direct expenses excluding total notable items related to direct expenses, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding pension risk transfers. 
 The following additional information is relevant to an understanding of our performance results and outlook: 
 We sometimes refer to sales activity for various products. These sales statistics do not correspond to revenues under GAAP, but are used as relevant measures of business activity. Further, sales statistics for our Latin America, Asia and EMEA segments are on a constant currency basis. 
 Near-term represents one to three years. 
 We refer to observable forward yield curves as of a particular date in connection with making our estimates for future results. The observable forward yield curves at a given time are based on implied future interest rates along a range of interest rate durations. This includes the 10-year U.S. Treasury rate which we use as a benchmark rate to describe longer-term interest rates used in our estimates for future results. 
 Asymmetrical and non-economic accounting refers to: (i) the portion of net derivative gains (losses) on embedded derivatives attributable to the inclusion of our credit spreads in the liability valuations, (ii) hedging activity that generates net derivative gains (losses) and creates fluctuations in net income because hedge accounting cannot be achieved and the item being hedged does not a have an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings, (iii) inflation-indexed benefit adjustments associated with contracts backed by inflation-indexed investments and amounts associated with periodic crediting rate adjustments based on the total return of a contractually referenced pool of assets and other pass through adjustments, and (iv) impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the re-measurement of foreign denominated unhedged funding agreements and financing transactions to the U.S. dollar and the re-measurement of certain liabilities from non-functional currencies to functional currencies. We believe that excluding the impact of asymmetrical and non-economic accounting from total GAAP results enhances investor understanding of our performance by disclosing how these accounting practices affect reported GAAP results. 
 Notable items reflect the unexpected impact of events that affect the Company s results, but that were unknown and that the Company could not anticipate when it devised its business plan. Notable items also include certain items regardless of the extent anticipated in the business plan, to help investors have a better understanding of MetLife s results and to evaluate and forecast those results. Notable items represent a positive (negative) impact to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 The Company uses a measure of free cash flow to facilitate an understanding of its ability to generate cash for reinvestment into its businesses or use in non-mandatory capital actions. The Company defines free cash flow as the sum of cash available at MetLife s holding companies from dividends from operating subsidiaries, expenses and other net flows of the holding companies (including capital contributions to subsidiaries), and net contributions from debt to be at or below target leverage ratios. This measure of free cash flow is prior to capital actions, such as common stock dividends and repurchases, debt reduction and mergers and acquisitions. Free cash flow should not be viewed as a substitute for net cash provided by (used in) operating activities calculated in accordance with GAAP. The free cash flow ratio is typically expressed as a percentage of annual adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. A reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of MetLife, Inc. (parent company only) to free cash flow of all holding companies for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is provided below. 
 
 Reconciliation of Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities of MetLife, Inc. to Free Cash Flow of All Holding Companies Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions, except ratios) MetLife, Inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by operating activities 4,428 3,757 Adjustments from net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow: Add: Incremental debt to be at or below target leverage ratios 1,000 Add: Capital contributions to subsidiaries (5) (88) Add: Returns of capital from subsidiaries 8 7 Add: Repayments on and (issuances of) loans to subsidiaries, net (60) (35) Add: Investment portfolio and derivatives changes and other, net (199) (130) MetLife, Inc. (parent company only) free cash flow 5,172 3,511 Other MetLife, Inc. holding companies: Add: Dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries 1,410 2,077 Add: Capital contributions to subsidiaries (87) (24) Add: Repayments on and (issuances of) loans to subsidiaries, net (5) (9) Add: Other expenses (656) (613) Add: Dividends and returns of capital to MetLife, Inc. (1,434) (1,300) Add: Investment portfolio and derivative changes and other, net 266 193 Total other MetLife, Inc. holding companies free cash flow (506) 324 Free cash flow of all holding companies 4,666 3,835 Ratio of net cash provided by operating activities to consolidated net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc. s common shareholders: MetLife, Inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by operating activities 4,428 3,757 Consolidated net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc. s common shareholders 2,354 6,353 Ratio of net cash provided by operating activities (parent company only) to consolidated net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc.'s common shareholders (1) 188 59 Ratio of free cash flow to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders: Free cash flow of all holding companies (2) 4,666 3,835 Consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders (2) 5,545 7,954 Ratio of free cash flow of all holding companies to consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders (2) 84 48 
 __________________ 
 (1) Including the free cash flow of other MetLife, Inc. holding companies of 506) million and 324 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in the numerator of the ratio, this ratio, as adjusted, would be 167 and 64 , respectively. 
 (2) i) Consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022, was positively impacted by notable items related to the actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments of 111 million, net of income tax. Excluding these notable items from the denominator of the ratio, the adjusted free cash flow ratio for 2022, would be 86 . 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 ii) Consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2021, was positively impacted by notable items related to tax adjustments of 140 million, net of income tax, and litigation reserves and settlement costs of 66 million, net of income tax, offset by the actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments of 140 million, net of income tax. Excluding these notable items from the denominator of the ratio, the adjusted free cash flow ratio for 2021, would be 49 . 
 
 Risk Management 
 We have an integrated process for managing risk, that is supported by a Risk Appetite Statement approved by the Board of Directors. Risk management is overseen and conducted through multiple Board and senior management risk committees (financial and non-financial). The risk committees are established at the enterprise, regional and local levels, as needed, to oversee capital and risk positions, approve ALM strategies and limits, and establish certain corporate risk standards and policies. The risk committees are comprised of senior leaders from the lines of business and corporate functions which ensures comprehensive coverage and sharing of risk reporting. The ERC is responsible for reviewing all material risks impacting the enterprise and deciding on actions, if necessary, in the event risks exceed desired tolerances, taking into consideration industry best practices and the current environment to resolve or mitigate those risks. 
 
 Three Lines of Defense 
 MetLife operates under the Three Lines of Defense model. Under this model, the lines of business and corporate functions are the first and primary line of defense in identifying, measuring, monitoring, managing, and reporting risks. Global Risk Management forms the second line of defense providing strategic advisory services and effective challenge and oversight to the business and corporate functions in the first line of defense. Internal Audit serves as the third line of defense, providing independent assurance and testing over the risk and control environment and related processes and controls. 
 
 Global Risk Management 
 Independent from the lines of business, the centralized Global Risk Management department, led by the CRO, coordinates across all risk committees to ensure that all material risks are properly identified, measured, monitored, managed and reported across the Company. The CRO reports to the CEO and is primarily responsible for maintaining and communicating the Company s enterprise risk policies and for monitoring and analyzing all material risks. 
 Global Risk Management considers and monitors a full range of risks relating to the Company s solvency, liquidity, earnings, business operations and reputation. Global Risk Management s primary responsibilities consist of: 
 implementing an enterprise risk framework, which outlines our enterprise approach for managing financial and non-financial risk; 
 developing policies and procedures for identifying, measuring, monitoring, managing and reporting those risks identified in the enterprise risk framework; 
 coordinating Own Risk Solvency Assessment for Board, senior management and regulator use; 
 establishing appropriate corporate risk tolerance levels; 
 measuring capital on an economic basis; 
 mitigating compliance risk and establishing controls; 
 integrating climate risk into MetLife s risk management framework and developing impact assessment capabilities; and 
 reporting to (i) the Finance and Risk Committee of the Board of Directors; (ii) the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors; and (iii) the financial and non-financial senior management committees on various aspects of risk. 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 Key Risk Types 
 MetLife has defined each material risk to which it is exposed and has established individual frameworks to monitor, manage and report on the respective risk. 
 Market Risk: is the risk of loss due to potential changes in the value of assets and liabilities arising from fluctuations in financial market, real estate, and other economic factors. Market risk is comprised of interest rate risk, equity risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk, spread risk and inflation risk. 
 Credit Risk: is the risk of loss or credit rating downgrade arising from an obligor or counterparty with a direct or contingent financial obligation to MetLife that is either unable or unwilling to meet its obligation in full and on a timely basis. These risks arise from public fixed income assets, private loans including real estate, derivative transactions, bank deposits, reinsurance treaties and other similar contracts. 
 Insurance Risk: is the risk of loss or adverse change in insurance liabilities from changes in the level, trend, and volatility of insurance and policyholder behavior experience varying from best estimate assumptions. These variances can be driven by catastrophic events such as pandemics or can be the result of misestimating base assumptions. Insurance risks to MetLife generally arise from mortality, morbidity, longevity, and policyholder behavior. 
 Non-Financial Risk: is the risk of failed or inadequate internal processes, human errors, system errors or external events that may result in financial loss, non-financial damage, and/or non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Non-Financial risk captures operational and compliance risks, including risks such as business interruption, customer protection, financial crime, privacy, fraud and theft, and information security risk. 
 Liquidity Risk: refers to the risk that MetLife is unable to raise cash necessary to meet current obligations. 
 
 Economic Capital 
 Economic capital is an internally developed risk capital model, the purpose of which is to measure the risk in the business and to provide a basis upon which capital can be deployed. The economic capital model accounts for the unique and specific nature of the risks inherent in our business. Our economic capital model, coupled with considerations of local capital requirements, aligns segment allocated equity with emerging standards and consistent risk principles. The model applies statistics-based risk evaluation principles to the material risks to which the company is exposed. These consistent risk principles include calibrating required economic capital shock factors to a specific confidence level and time horizon while applying an industry standard method for the inclusion of diversification benefits among risk types. MetLife s management is responsible for the ongoing production and enhancement of the economic capital model and reviews its approach periodically to ensure that it remains consistent with emerging industry practice standards. For further information, see Financial Measures and Segment Accounting Policies in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Asset/Liability Management 
 We actively manage our assets using an approach that is liability driven and balances quality, diversification, asset/liability matching, liquidity, concentration and investment return. The goals of the investment process are to optimize, net of income tax, risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return while ensuring that the assets and liabilities are reasonably aligned on a cash flow and duration basis. The ALM process is the shared responsibility of the ALM, Global Risk Management, and Investments departments, with the engagement of senior members of the business segments and Finance, and is governed by the ALM Committees. The ALM Committees duties include reviewing and approving investment guidelines and limits, approving significant portfolio and ALM strategies and providing oversight of the ALM process. The directives of the ALM Committees are carried out and monitored through ALM Working Groups which are set up to manage risk by geography, product or portfolio type. The ALM Steering Committee oversees the activities of the underlying ALM Committees and Working Groups. The ALM Steering Committee reports to the ERC. 
 We establish portfolio guidelines that define ranges and limits related to asset allocation, interest rate risk, liquidity, concentration and other risks for each major business segment, legal entity or insurance product group. These guidelines support implementation of investment strategies used to adequately fund our liabilities within acceptable levels of risk. We also establish hedging programs and associated investment portfolios for different blocks of business. The ALM Working Groups monitor these strategies and programs through regular review of portfolio metrics, such as effective duration, yield curve sensitivity, convexity, value at risk, market sensitivities (to interest rates, equity market levels, equity volatility, foreign currency exchange rates and inflation), stress scenario payoffs, liquidity, asset sector concentration and credit quality. 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 We manage credit risk through in-house fundamental credit analysis of the underlying obligors, issuers, transaction structures and real estate properties. We also manage credit, market valuation and liquidity risk through industry and issuer diversification and asset allocation limits. These risk limits, approved annually by the Investment Risk Committee, promote diversification by asset sector, avoid concentrations in any single issuer and limit overall aggregate credit and equity risk exposure, as measured by our economic capital framework. For real estate assets, we manage credit and market risk through asset allocation limits and by diversifying by geography, property and product type. 
 
 Information Security Risk Management 
 We manage information security risk through MetLife s Information Security Program (the Program ), which is overseen by our enterprise Chief Information Security Officer CISO ), with collaboration across lines of businesses and corporate functions. The CISO is a senior-level executive responsible for establishing and executing the company s information security strategy; the CISO regularly reports about information security risk to the ERC, the Audit Committee and the Board. The primary goal of the Program is to protect information and technology assets through physical, technical, and administrative safeguards. This includes monitoring, reporting, managing and remediating cyber threats. The Program aims to prevent data exfiltration, manipulation, and destruction, as well as system and transactional disruption. The Program s threat-centric and risk-based approach for securing the MetLife environment is based on the cybersecurity framework developed by the U.S. Government s National Institute of Standards and Technology. 
 
 Subsequent Events 
 See Acquisitions and Dispositions and Note 22 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 The following discussion on market risk should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management. 
 Market Risk Exposures 
 We regularly analyze our exposure to interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate and equity market price risk. As a result of that analysis, we have determined that the estimated fair values of certain assets and liabilities are materially exposed to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and equity markets. We have exposure to market risk through our insurance operations and investment activities. For purposes of this disclosure, market risk is defined as the risk of loss due to potential changes in the value of assets and liabilities arising from fluctuation in the financial market and other economic factors. 
 
 Interest Rates 
 Our exposure to interest rate changes results most significantly from our holdings of fixed maturity securities AFS, mortgage loans and derivatives, as well as our interest rate sensitive liabilities. The fixed maturity securities AFS include U.S. and foreign government bonds, securities issued by government agencies, corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities and ABS CLO, all of which are mainly exposed to changes in medium- and long-term interest rates. The interest rate sensitive liabilities for purposes of this disclosure include debt, policyholder account balances related to certain investment type contracts, and embedded derivatives on variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits which have the same type of interest rate exposure (medium- and long-term interest rates) as fixed maturity securities AFS. The interest rate sensitive liabilities for purposes of this disclosure exclude a significant portion of the liabilities relating to insurance contracts. See Risk Factors Economic Environment and Capital Markets Risks We May Face Difficult Economic Conditions. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rates 
 Our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar results from our holdings in non-U.S. dollar denominated fixed maturity and equity securities, mortgage loans, and certain liabilities, as well as through our investments in foreign subsidiaries. The foreign currency exchange rate liabilities for purposes of this disclosure exclude a significant portion of the liabilities relating to insurance contracts. The principal currencies that create foreign currency exchange rate risk in our investment portfolios and liabilities are the Japanese yen, the Euro and the British pound. Selectively, we use U.S. dollar assets to support certain long-duration foreign currency liabilities. Through our investments in foreign subsidiaries and joint ventures, we are primarily exposed to the Japanese yen, the Euro, the Australian dollar, the British pound, the Mexican peso, the Chilean peso and the Korean won. In addition to hedging with foreign currency swaps, forwards and options, local surplus in some countries may be held entirely or in part in U.S. dollar assets, which further minimize exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation risk. We have matched much of our foreign currency liabilities in our foreign subsidiaries with their respective foreign currency assets, thereby reducing our risk to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation. See Risk Factors Economic Environment and Capital Markets Risks We May Face Difficult Economic Conditions. 
 
 Equity Market 
 Along with investments in equity securities, we have exposure to equity market risk through certain liabilities that involve long-term guarantees on equity performance such as embedded derivatives on variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits and certain policyholder account balances. Equity exposures associated with real estate and limited partnership interests are excluded from this discussion as they are not considered financial instruments under GAAP. 
 
 Management of Market Risk Exposures 
 We use a variety of strategies to manage interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate and equity market risk, including the use of derivatives. 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 To manage interest rate risk, we analyze interest rate risk using various models, including multi-scenario cash flow projection models that forecast cash flows of the liabilities and their supporting investments, including derivatives. These projections involve evaluating the potential gain or loss on most of our in-force business under various increasing and decreasing interest rate environments. The NYDFS regulations require that we perform some of these analyses annually as part of our review of the sufficiency of our regulatory reserves. For several of our legal entities, we maintain segmented operating and surplus asset portfolios for the purpose of ALM and the allocation of investment income to product lines. In the U.S., for each segment, invested assets greater than or equal to the GAAP liabilities net of certain non-invested assets allocated to the segment are maintained, with any excess allocated to Corporate Other. The business segments may reflect differences in legal entity, statutory line of business and any product market characteristic which may drive a distinct investment strategy with respect to duration, liquidity or credit quality of the invested assets. Certain smaller entities make use of unsegmented general accounts for which the investment strategy reflects the aggregate characteristics of liabilities in those entities. We measure relative sensitivities of the value of our assets and liabilities to changes in key assumptions utilizing internal models. These models reflect specific product characteristics and include assumptions based on current and anticipated experience regarding lapse, mortality, morbidity and interest crediting rates. In addition, these models include asset cash flow projections reflecting interest payments, sinking fund payments, principal payments, bond calls, mortgage loan prepayments and defaults. 
 We employ product design, pricing and ALM strategies to reduce the potential effects of interest rate movements. Product design and pricing strategies include the use of surrender charges or restrictions on withdrawals in some products and the ability to reset crediting rates for certain products. ALM strategies include the use of derivatives. We also use reinsurance to mitigate interest rate risk. 
 We also use common industry metrics, such as duration and convexity, to measure the relative sensitivity of assets and liability values to changes in interest rates. In computing the duration of liabilities, we consider policyholder guarantees and how we intend to set indeterminate policy elements such as interest credits or dividends. Each asset portfolio or portfolio group has a duration target based on the liability duration and the investment objectives of that portfolio. Where a liability cash flow may exceed the maturity of available assets, we may support such liabilities with equity investments, derivatives or interest rate curve mismatch strategies. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk Management 
 MetLife has a well-established policy to manage foreign currency exchange rate exposures within its risk tolerance. In general, investments backing specific liabilities are currency matched. This is achieved through direct investments in matching currency or through the use of foreign currency exchange rate derivatives. Enterprise foreign currency exchange rate risk limits are established by the ERC. Management of each of our segments, with oversight from our FX Working Group and the ALM committee for the respective segment, is responsible for managing any foreign currency exchange rate exposure. 
 We use foreign currency swaps, forwards and options to mitigate the liability exposure, risk of loss and financial statement volatility associated with our investments in foreign subsidiaries, foreign currency denominated fixed income investments and the sale of certain insurance products. 
 
 Equity Market Risk Management 
 We manage equity market risk on an integrated basis with other risks through our ALM strategies, including the dynamic hedging with derivatives of certain variable annuity guarantee benefits, as well as reinsurance, in order to limit losses, minimize exposure to large risks, and provide additional capacity for future growth. We also manage equity market risk exposure in our investment portfolio through the use of derivatives. These derivatives include exchange-traded equity futures, equity index options contracts, TRRs and equity variance swaps. 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 Hedging Activities 
 We use derivative contracts primarily to hedge a wide range of risks including interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk, and equity market risk. Derivative hedges are designed to reduce risk on an economic basis while considering their impact on financial results under different accounting regimes, including GAAP and local statutory accounting. Our derivative hedge programs vary depending on the type of risk being hedged. Some hedge programs are asset or liability specific while others are portfolio hedges that reduce risk related to a group of liabilities or assets. Our use of derivatives by major hedge programs is as follows: 
 Risks Related to Guarantee Benefits We use a wide range of derivative contracts to mitigate the risk associated with living guarantee benefits. These derivatives include equity and interest rate futures, interest rate swaps, currency futures/forwards, equity indexed options, TRRs, interest rate option contracts and equity variance swaps. 
 Minimum Interest Rate Guarantees For certain liability contracts, we provide the contractholder a guaranteed minimum interest rate. These contracts include certain fixed annuities and other insurance liabilities. We purchase interest rate caps and floors to reduce risk associated with these liability guarantees. 
 Reinvestment Risk in Long-Duration Liability Contracts Derivatives are used to hedge interest rate risk related to certain long-duration liability contracts. Hedges include interest rate swaps, swaptions and Treasury bond forwards. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk We use foreign currency swaps, futures, forwards and options to hedge foreign currency exchange rate risk. These hedges are generally used to swap foreign currency denominated bonds, investments in foreign subsidiaries or equity market exposures to U.S. dollars. Our foreign subsidiaries also use these hedges to swap non-local currency assets to local currency, to match liabilities . 
 General ALM Hedging Strategies In the ordinary course of managing our asset/liability risks, we use interest rate futures, interest rate swaps, interest rate caps, interest rate floors, and inflation swaps. These hedges are designed to reduce interest rate risk or inflation risk related to the existing assets or liabilities or related to expected future cash flows. 
 Macro Hedge Program We use equity options, equity TRRs, interest rate swaptions, interest rate swaps and Treasury locks to mitigate the potential loss of legal entity statutory capital under stress scenarios. 
 
 Risk Measurement: Sensitivity Analysis 
 We measure market risk related to our market sensitive assets and liabilities based on changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and equity market prices utilizing a sensitivity analysis. For purposes of this disclosure, a significant portion of the liabilities relating to insurance contracts is excluded, as discussed further below. This analysis estimates the potential changes in estimated fair value based on a hypothetical 100 basis point change (increase or decrease) in interest rates, as well as a 10 change (increase or decrease) in foreign currency exchange rates and equity market prices. We believe these changes in market rates and prices are reasonably possible in the near term. In performing the analysis summarized below, we used market rates at December 31, 2022. The sensitivity analysis separately calculates each of our market risk exposures (interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate and equity market) relating to our assets and liabilities. We modeled the impact of changes (increases and decreases) in market rates and prices on the estimated fair values of our market sensitive assets and liabilities and present the results with the most adverse level of market risk impact to the Company for each of these market risk exposures as follows: 
 the net present values of our interest rate sensitive exposures resulting from a 100 basis point change (increase or decrease) in interest rates; 
 estimated fair values of our foreign currency exchange rate sensitive exposures due to a 10 change (appreciation or depreciation) in the value of the U.S. dollar compared to all other currencies; and 
 the estimated fair value of our equity market sensitive exposures due to a 10 change (increase or decrease) in equity market prices. 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 The sensitivity analysis is an estimate and should not be viewed as predictive of our future financial performance. We cannot ensure that our actual losses in any particular period will not exceed the amounts indicated in the table below. Limitations related to this sensitivity analysis include: 
 interest sensitive and foreign currency exchange rate sensitive liabilities do not include 223.9 billion, at carrying value, of insurance contracts. Management believes that the changes in the economic value of those contracts under changing interest rates and changing foreign currency exchange rates would offset a significant portion of the fair value changes of interest sensitive and foreign currency exchange rate sensitive assets; 
 the market risk information is limited by the assumptions and parameters established in creating the related sensitivity analysis, including the impact of prepayment rates on mortgage loans; 
 sensitivities do not include the impact on asset or liability valuation of changes in market liquidity or changes in market credit spreads; 
 foreign currency exchange rate risk is not isolated for certain embedded derivatives within host asset and liability contracts, as the risk on these instruments is reflected as equity; 
 for the derivatives that qualify as hedges, and for certain other assets such as mortgage loans, the impact on reported earnings may be materially different from the change in market values; 
 the analysis excludes liabilities pursuant to insurance contracts, as well as real estate holdings, private equity and hedge fund holdings; and 
 the model assumes that the composition of assets and liabilities remains unchanged throughout the period. 
 Accordingly, we use such models as tools and not as substitutes for the experience and judgment of our management. Based on our analysis of the impact of a 100 basis point change (increase or decrease) in interest rates, as well as a 10 change (increase or decrease) in foreign currency exchange rates and equity market prices, we have determined that such a change could have a material adverse effect on the estimated fair value of certain assets and liabilities from interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate and equity market exposures. 
 The table below illustrates the potential loss in estimated fair value for each market risk exposure based on market sensitive assets and liabilities at: 
 December 31, 2022 (In millions) Interest rate risk 
 22,327 Foreign currency exchange rate risk 5,929 Equity market risk 
 97 
 The risk sensitivities derived used a 100 basis point increase to interest rates, a 10 strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies, and a 10 increase in equity prices. The potential losses in estimated fair value presented are for non-trading securities. 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 The table below provides additional detail regarding the potential loss in estimated fair value of our interest sensitive financial instruments due to a 100 basis point increase in interest rates at: 
 December 31, 2022 Notional Amount Estimated Fair Value (1) Assuming a 100 bps Increase in Interest Rates (In millions) Assets Fixed maturity securities AFS 
 276,780 (20,707) Equity securities 
 1,684 (80) FVO Securities 1,435 (26) Mortgage loans 
 78,694 (2,708) Policy loans 
 9,682 (268) Short-term investments 
 4,935 (11) Other invested assets 
 2,078 (156) Cash and cash equivalents 
 20,195 (6) Accrued investment income 
 3,446 Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables 
 2,963 (37) Other assets 
 265 (14) Embedded derivatives within asset host contracts (2) 
 29 (8) Total assets 
 (24,021) Liabilities (3) Policyholder account balances 
 115,408 3,339 Payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions 
 20,937 Short-term debt 
 175 Long-term debt 
 14,241 1,031 Collateral financing arrangement 
 591 Junior subordinated debt securities 
 3,502 294 Other liabilities 
 3,170 151 Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts (2) 
 578 317 Total liabilities 
 5,132 Derivative Instruments Interest rate swaps 
 39,911 938 (2,182) Interest rate floors 
 25,270 125 (66) Interest rate caps 
 48,290 950 302 Interest rate futures 
 1,453 1 31 Interest rate options 
 44,391 385 (218) Interest rate forwards 
 7,828 (1,385) (950) Synthetic GICs 
 46,316 Foreign currency swaps 
 56,025 3,008 (307) Foreign currency forwards 
 18,211 (234) 12 Currency futures 
 333 8 Currency options 
 3,000 236 (8) Credit default swaps 
 14,437 44 2 Equity futures 
 2,988 4 (4) Equity index options 
 16,701 442 (45) Equity variance swaps 
 163 3 Equity total return swaps 
 2,799 (89) (5) Total derivative instruments 
 (3,438) Net Change (22,327) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Separate account assets and liabilities and Unit-linked investments and associated policyholder account balances, which are interest rate sensitive, are not included herein as any interest rate risk is borne by the contractholder, notwithstanding any general account guarantees which are included within embedded derivatives (see footnote (2) below) or included within future policy benefits and other policy-related balances (see footnote (3) below). 
 (2) Embedded derivatives are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet in the same caption as the host contract. 
 (3) Excludes 223.9 billion of liabilities, at carrying value, pursuant to insurance contracts reported within future policy benefits and other policy-related balances. These liabilities would economically offset a significant portion of the net change in fair value of our financial instruments resulting from a 100 basis point increase in interest rates. 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 Sensitivity to interest rates decreased 9.0 billion to 22.0 billion at December 31, 2022 from 31.0 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 The table below provides additional detail regarding the potential loss in estimated fair value of our portfolio due to a 10 appreciation in the U.S. dollar compared to all other currencies at: 
 December 31, 2022 Notional Amount Estimated Fair Value (1) Assuming a 10 Appreciation in the U.S. Dollar (In millions) Assets Fixed maturity securities AFS 
 276,780 (7,836) Equity securities 
 1,684 (42) FVO Securities 1,435 (59) Mortgage loans 
 78,694 (815) Policy loans 
 9,682 (123) Short-term investments 
 4,935 (234) Other invested assets 
 2,078 (50) Cash and cash equivalents 
 20,195 (424) Accrued investment income 
 3,446 (64) Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables 
 2,963 (59) Other assets 
 265 (18) Embedded derivatives within asset host contracts (2) 
 29 (5) Total assets 
 (9,729) Liabilities (3) Policyholder account balances 
 115,408 2,757 Payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions 
 20,937 188 Long-term debt 
 14,241 148 Other liabilities 
 3,170 14 Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts (2) 
 578 7 Total liabilities 
 3,114 Derivative Instruments Interest rate swaps 
 39,911 938 41 Interest rate floors 
 25,270 125 Interest rate caps 
 48,290 950 Interest rate futures 
 1,453 1 Interest rate options 
 44,391 385 (1) Interest rate forwards 
 7,828 (1,385) 80 Synthetic GICs 
 46,316 Foreign currency swaps 
 56,025 3,008 1,360 Foreign currency forwards 
 18,211 (234) (931) Currency futures 
 333 8 (35) Currency options 
 3,000 236 162 Credit default swaps 
 14,437 44 Equity futures 
 2,988 4 Equity index options 
 16,701 442 9 Equity variance swaps 
 163 3 Equity total return swaps 
 2,799 (89) 1 Total derivative instruments 
 686 Net Change (5,929) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Does not necessarily represent those financial instruments solely subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk. Separate account assets and liabilities and Unit-linked investments and associated policyholder account balances, which are foreign currency exchange rate sensitive, are not included herein as any foreign currency exchange rate risk is borne by the contractholder, notwithstanding any general account guarantees which are included within embedded derivatives (see footnote (2) below) or included within future policy benefits and other policy-related balances (see footnote (3) below). 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 (2) Embedded derivatives are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet in the same caption as the host contract. 
 (3) Excludes 223.9 billion of liabilities, at carrying value, pursuant to insurance contracts reported within future policy benefits and other policy-related balances. These liabilities would economically offset a significant portion of the net change in fair value of our financial instruments resulting from a 10 appreciation in the U.S. dollar compared to all other currencies. 
 Sensitivity to foreign currency exchange rates decreased 1.2 billion to 6.0 billion at December 31, 2022 from 7.2 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 The table below provides additional detail regarding the potential loss in estimated fair value of our portfolio due to a 10 increase in equity prices at: 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 Notional Amount Estimated Fair Value (1) Assuming a 10 Increase in Equity Prices 
 (In millions) Assets Equity securities 
 1,684 67 FVO Securities 1,435 72 Other invested assets 2,078 30 Embedded derivatives within asset host contracts (2) 
 29 (3) Total assets 
 166 Liabilities (3) Policyholder account balances 
 115,408 Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts (2) 
 578 191 Total liabilities 
 191 Derivative Instruments Interest rate swaps 
 39,911 938 Interest rate floors 
 25,270 125 Interest rate caps 
 48,290 950 Interest rate futures 
 1,453 1 Interest rate options 
 44,391 385 Interest rate forwards 
 7,828 (1,385) Synthetic GICs 
 46,316 Foreign currency swaps 
 56,025 3,008 Foreign currency forwards 
 18,211 (234) Currency futures 
 333 8 Currency options 
 3,000 236 Credit default swaps 
 14,437 44 Equity futures 
 2,988 4 (207) Equity index options 
 16,701 442 (39) Equity variance swaps 
 163 3 Equity total return swaps 
 2,799 (89) (208) Total derivative instruments 
 (454) Net Change (97) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Does not necessarily represent those financial instruments solely subject to equity price risk. Additionally, separate account assets and liabilities and Unit-linked investments and associated policyholder account balances, which are equity market sensitive, are not included herein as any equity market risk is borne by the contractholder, notwithstanding any general account guarantees which are included within embedded derivatives (see footnote (2) below) or included within future policy benefits and other policy-related balances (see footnote (3) below). 
 (2) Embedded derivatives are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet in the same caption as the host contract. 
 (3) Excludes 223.9 billion of liabilities, at carrying value, pursuant to insurance contracts reported within future policy benefits and other policy-related balances. 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 Sensitivity to equity market prices decreased 26 million to 97 million at December 31, 2022 from 123 million at December 31, 2021. 
 143 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes and Schedules 
 Page 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 145 
 Financial Statements at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 150 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 151 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 152 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 153 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 154 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1 Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 156 
 Note 2 Segment Information 
 175 
 Note 3 Acquisition and Dispositions 
 181 
 Note 4 Insurance 
 183 
 Note 5 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs, Value of Business Acquired and Other Intangibles 
 198 
 Note 6 Reinsurance 
 201 
 Note 7 Closed Block 
 205 
 Note 8 Investments 
 207 
 Note 9 Derivatives 
 227 
 Note 10 Fair Value 
 242 
 Note 11 Leases 
 258 
 Note 12 Goodwill 
 260 
 Note 13 Long-term and Short-term Debt 
 261 
 Note 14 Collateral Financing Arrangement 
 263 
 Note 15 Junior Subordinated Debt Securities 
 264 
 Note 16 Equity 
 266 
 Note 17 Other Revenues and Other Expenses 
 283 
 Note 18 Employee Benefit Plans 
 284 
 Note 19 Income Tax 
 292 
 Note 20 Earnings Per Common Share 
 296 
 Note 21 Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 
 296 
 Note 22 Subsequent Events 
 300 
 Financial Statement Schedules at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Schedule I Consolidated Summary of Investments Other Than Investments in Related Parties 
 301 
 Schedule II Condensed Financial Information (Parent Company Only) 
 302 
 Schedule III Consolidated Supplementary Insurance Information 
 309 
 Schedule IV Consolidated Reinsurance 
 311 
 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of MetLife, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MetLife, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes and Schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 23, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 Fixed Maturity Securities Available-for-Sale Fair Value of Level 3 Fixed Maturity Securities Refer to Notes 1, 8, and 10 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company has investments in certain fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale whose fair values are based on unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. When a price is not available in the active market, from an independent pricing service, or from independent broker quotations, management values the security using internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques. These investments are categorized as Level 3 and had an estimated fair value of 6.6 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Given management uses considerable judgment when estimating the fair value of Level 3 fixed maturity securities determined using internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques, performing audit procedures to evaluate the estimate of fair value required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. This audit effort included the use of professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, including our fair value specialists, to assist in performing procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation of Level 3 fixed maturity securities determined using internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques included, among others, the following: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the determination of fair value. 
 
 We tested the accuracy and completeness of relevant security attributes, including credit ratings, maturity dates and coupon rates, used in the determination of Level 3 fair values. 
 
 With the involvement of our fair value specialists, we developed independent fair value estimates for a sample of securities and compared our estimates to the Company s estimates and evaluated differences. We developed our estimate by evaluating the observable and unobservable inputs used by management or developing independent inputs. 

Insurance Liabilities Valuation of Future Policy Benefits for Long-Term Care Insurance Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company s products include long-term care insurance. Liabilities for amounts payable under long-term care insurance are recorded in future policy benefits in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Such liabilities are established based on actuarial assumptions at the time policies are issued, which are intended to estimate the experience for the period the policy benefits are payable. Significant adverse changes in experience on such contracts may require the establishment of premium deficiency reserves, which are based on current assumptions. Management s estimate of future policy benefits for long-term care insurance was 14.3 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management applies considerable judgment in evaluating actual experience to determine whether a change in assumptions for long-term care insurance is warranted. Principal assumptions used in the valuation of future policy benefits for long-term care insurance include morbidity, policy lapse, investment returns and mortality. 
 
 Given the inherent uncertainty in selecting assumptions, we have determined that management s evaluation of actual experience when estimating future policy benefits for long-term care insurance policies is a critical audit matter, which required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the judgments made and the reasonableness of the assumptions used in the valuation. The audit effort included the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge, including our actuarial specialists, to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained from these procedures. 
 
 146 

Table of Contents 

 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the assumptions used to determine the estimate of future policy benefits for long-term care insurance, included, among others, the following: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of the control over the assumptions used in the valuation of future policy benefits and the effectiveness of the controls over the underlying data. 
 
 With the involvement of our actuarial specialists, we: 
 
 evaluated judgments applied by management in setting principal assumptions, including evaluating the results of experience studies used as the basis for setting those assumptions. 
 
 evaluated management s estimate of, or developed an independent estimate of, future policy benefits, on a sample basis, and evaluated differences. This included confirming that assumptions were applied as intended. 
 
 evaluated the results of the Company s annual premium deficiency tests. 
 
 Derivatives Valuation of Embedded Derivative Liabilities Refer to Notes 1, 4, 9, and 10 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company s products include variable annuity contracts with guaranteed minimum benefits that provide the policyholder a minimum return based on their initial deposit adjusted for withdrawals. The guarantees on variable annuity contracts are accounted for as insurance liabilities or as embedded derivatives depending on how and when the benefit is paid. Guarantees accounted for as embedded derivatives include the non-life contingent portion of guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits and certain non-life contingent portions of guaranteed minimum income benefits, and are recorded in policyholder account balances on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Embedded derivatives are measured at estimated fair value separately from the host variable annuity contract using actuarial and capital market assumptions that are updated at least annually. Management s estimate of embedded derivative liabilities was 0.6 billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management applies considerable judgment in selecting assumptions used to estimate embedded derivative liabilities and changes in market conditions or variations in certain assumptions could result in significant fluctuations in the estimate. Principal assumptions include mortality, lapse, dynamic lapse, withdrawal, utilization, and discount rates and implied volatilities. The valuation of the embedded derivative liabilities is also based on complex calculations which are data intensive. 
 
 Given the inherent uncertainty in selecting assumptions and the complexity of the calculations, we have determined that management s valuation of the embedded derivative liabilities is a critical audit matter which required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the judgments made and the reasonableness of the models and assumptions used in the valuation. The audit effort included the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge, including our valuation and actuarial specialists, to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained from these procedures. 
 
 147 

Table of Contents 

 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation of embedded derivative liabilities included, among others, the following: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the assumptions, including controls over the underlying data used in the valuation of embedded derivative liabilities. 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the methodologies and models used for determining the embedded derivative liabilities. 
 
 With the involvement of our valuation and actuarial specialists, we: 
 
 evaluated the methods, models, and judgments applied by management in the determination of principal assumptions and the calculation of the embedded derivative liabilities 
 
 evaluated the results of underlying experience studies, capital market projections, and judgments applied by management in setting the assumptions 
 
 developed an independent estimate of the embedded derivative liabilities, on a sample basis, and evaluated differences. 
 
 Future Adoption of Accounting Pronouncements Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company will adopt Accounting Standards Update No. 2018-12, Financial Services Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts , as amended ASU 2018-12 ), effective January 1, 2023. The modified retrospective transition method will be used, except in regard to market risk benefits where the Company will use the full retrospective method. Based upon these transition methods, the Company estimates that the January 1, 2021 transition date impact from adoption will include a decrease to retained earnings of approximately 5.0 billion, net of income tax, which includes the impact from the requirement to account for variable annuity guarantees as market risk benefits measured at fair value. Market risk benefits are contracts or contract features that guarantee benefits, such as guaranteed minimum benefits, in addition to an account balance which expose insurance companies to other than nominal capital market risk and protect the contractholder from the same risk. Certain contracts or contract features to be identified as market risk benefits are currently accounted for as embedded derivatives and measured at fair value, while others will transition to fair value measurement upon the adoption of ASU 2018-12. 
 
 Management applies considerable judgment in estimating the transition date impact of market risk benefits under the full retrospective method of adoption due to the application of fair value measurement principles which use assumptions to estimate the impact of changes in market conditions and policyholder behavior since contract inception that could result in significant fluctuations in the estimate. Principal assumptions include mortality, lapse, dynamic lapse, withdrawal, utilization, discount rates and implied volatilities. Additionally, the valuation of market risk benefits is based on complex calculations. 
 
 Given the inherent uncertainty in selecting assumptions and the complexity of the calculations, we have determined that the estimated transition date impact of measuring market risk benefits on contracts or contract features not previously accounted for as embedded derivatives is a critical audit matter which required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the judgments made and the reasonableness of the methodologies, models and assumptions used in the valuation. The audit effort included the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge, including our valuation and actuarial specialists, to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained from these procedures. 

148 

Table of Contents 

 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the estimated transition date impact of measuring market risk benefits not previously accounted for as embedded derivatives included, among others, the following: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the transition to market risk benefit measurement principles under ASU 2018-12, including the related methodologies, models and assumptions used for determining the fair value of market risk benefits not previously accounted for as embedded derivatives. 
 
 With the involvement of our valuation and actuarial specialists, we: 
 
 evaluated the methods, models, and principal assumptions applied by management in the full retrospective application of market risk benefit measurement principles to estimate the transition date impact. 
 
 evaluated the results of underlying experience studies, capital market projections, and judgments applied by management in setting the assumptions since contract inception 
 
 developed an independent estimate, on a sample basis, of the market risk benefits not previously accounted for as embedded derivatives and evaluated differences. 

/s/ 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since at least 1968; however, an earlier year could not be reliably determined. 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 MetLife, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 
 2022 2021 Assets Investments: 
 Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale, at estimated fair value (net of allowance for credit loss of and , respectively); and amortized cost: and , respectively 
 Equity securities, at estimated fair value Contractholder-directed equity securities and fair value option securities, at estimated fair value Mortgage loans (net of allowance for credit loss of and , respectively; includes and , respectively, under the fair value option) 
 Policy loans Real estate and real estate joint ventures (includes and , respectively, under the fair value option and and , respectively, of real estate held-for-sale) 
 Other limited partnership interests Short-term investments, principally at estimated fair value Other invested assets (net of allowance for credit loss of and , respectively; includes and , respectively, of leveraged and direct financing leases; and and , respectively, relating to variable interest entities) 
 Total investments Cash and cash equivalents, principally at estimated fair value Accrued investment income Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables Deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired Current income tax recoverable Deferred income tax asset Goodwill Assets held-for-sale Other assets Separate account assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity 
 Liabilities 
 Future policy benefits Policyholder account balances Other policy-related balances Policyholder dividends payable 
 Policyholder dividend obligation 
 Payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions 
 Short-term debt 
 Long-term debt Collateral financing arrangement 
 Junior subordinated debt securities 
 Deferred income tax liability 
 Liabilities held-for-sale Other liabilities Separate account liabilities Total liabilities 
 Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees (Note 21) Equity 
 MetLife, Inc. s stockholders equity: 
 Preferred stock, par value per share; aggregate liquidation preference 
 Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued, respectively; and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Treasury stock, at cost; and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total MetLife, Inc. s stockholders equity 
 Noncontrolling interests 
 Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 150 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions, except per share data) 

 2022 2021 2020 Revenues 
 Premiums 
 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 
 Net investment income 
 Other revenues 
 Net investment gains (losses) ) ) Net derivative gains (losses) 
 ) ) Total revenues 
 Expenses 
 Policyholder benefits and claims 
 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
 Policyholder dividends 
 Other expenses 
 Total expenses 
 Income (loss) before provision for income tax Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 Net income (loss) 
 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Net income (loss) attributable to MetLife, Inc. 
 Less: Preferred stock dividends 
 Preferred stock redemption premium Net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc. s common shareholders 

Net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc. s common shareholders per common share: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 151 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 

2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized investment gains (losses), net of related offsets ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Defined benefit plans adjustment Other comprehensive income (loss), before income tax ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of income tax 
 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to MetLife, Inc. ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 152 

Table of Contents 

 MetLife, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock at Cost Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total MetLife, Inc. s Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effects of changes in accounting principles, net of income tax ) ) ) Redemption of preferred stock ) ) ) Preferred stock redemption premium ) ) ) Preferred stock issuance Treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation 
 Dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends on common stock (declared per share of 
 ) ) ) Change in equity of noncontrolling interests 
 Net income (loss) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Redemption of preferred stock ) ) ) Preferred stock redemption premium ) ) ) Treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation 
 Dividends on preferred stock 
 ) ) ) Dividends on common stock (declared per share of 
 ) ) ) Change in equity of noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Net income (loss) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation 
 Dividends on preferred stock 
 ) ) ) Dividends on common stock (declared per share of 
 ) ) ) Change in equity of noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Net income (loss) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 153 

Table of Contents 

 MetLife, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses 
 Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts associated with investments, net 
 ) ) ) (Gains) losses on investments and from sales of businesses, net 
 ) (Gains) losses on derivatives, net 
 ) (Income) loss from equity method investments, net of dividends or distributions 
 ) Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 
 ) ) ) Change in contractholder-directed equity securities and fair value option securities 
 ) Change in accrued investment income 
 ) ) Change in premiums, reinsurance and other receivables 
 Change in deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired, net 
 ) ) Change in income tax 
 ) ) Change in other assets 
 ) ) Change in insurance-related liabilities and policy-related balances 
 Change in other liabilities 
 ) Other, net 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities Sales, maturities and repayments of: 
 Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale 
 Equity securities 
 Mortgage loans 
 Real estate and real estate joint ventures 
 Other limited partnership interests 
 Short-term investments Purchases and originations of: 
 Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale 
 ) ) ) Equity securities 
 ) ) ) Mortgage loans 
 ) ) ) Real estate and real estate joint ventures 
 ) ) ) Other limited partnership interests 
 ) ) ) Short-term investments ) ) ) Cash received in connection with freestanding derivatives 
 Cash paid in connection with freestanding derivatives 
 ) ) ) Sales of businesses, net of cash and cash equivalents disposed of , and , respectively 
 Purchases of businesses, net of cash received of , and , respectively 
 ) ) Purchases of investments in operating joint ventures 
 ) Net change in policy loans 
 Net change in other invested assets 
 ) ) ) Other, net 
 ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 154 

Table of Contents 

 MetLife, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities Policyholder account balances: Deposits 
 Withdrawals 
 ) ) ) Payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions: 
 Net change in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions 
 ) Cash received for other transactions with tenors greater than three months 
 Cash paid for other transactions with tenors greater than three months 
 ) ) Long-term debt issued Long-term debt repaid 
 ) ) ) Collateral financing arrangement repaid ) ) ) Financing element on certain derivative instruments and other derivative related transactions, net 
 ) ) Treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases ) ) ) Preferred stock issued, net of issuance costs Redemption of preferred stock ) ) Preferred stock redemption premium ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends on common stock 
 ) ) ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) ) Effect of change in foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents balances 
 ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents, including subsidiaries held-for-sale, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, including subsidiaries held-for-sale, end of year Cash and cash equivalents, subsidiaries held-for-sale, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, subsidiaries held-for-sale, end of year Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Net cash paid (received) for: Interest 
 Income tax 
 Business acquisitions (Note 3): Assets Liabilities Cash paid, excluding transaction costs Non-cash transactions: Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale received in connection with pension risk transfer transactions Real estate and real estate joint ventures acquired in satisfaction of debt Increase in equity securities due to in-kind distributions received from other limited partnership interests Reclassification of certain other invested assets to contractholder-directed equity securities and fair value option securities 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

155 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

segments: U.S.; Asia; Latin America; Europe, the Middle East and Africa EMEA and MetLife Holdings. 
 Basis of Presentation 

156 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

157 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 . 
 158 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

159 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

years and such amortization is included in other expenses. Each year, or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment exists, the Company reviews VODA and VOCRA to determine whether the asset is impaired. 
 
 160 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 161 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 162 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 163 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 years). Rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective leases. The Company periodically reviews its real estate for impairment and tests for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Properties whose carrying values are greater than their estimated undiscounted cash flows are written down to their estimated fair value, which is generally computed using the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with the underlying risks. 
 Real estate for which the Company commits to a plan to sell within one year and actively markets in its current condition for a reasonable price in comparison to its estimated fair value is classified as held-for-sale and is not depreciated. Real estate held-for-sale is stated at the lower of depreciated cost or estimated fair value less expected disposition costs. 
 Real Estate Joint Ventures and Other Limited Partnership Interests 
 The Company uses the equity method of accounting or the FVO for real estate joint ventures and other limited partnership interests investee when it has more than a minor ownership interest or more than a minor influence over the investee s operations but does not hold a controlling financial interest, including when the Company is not deemed the primary beneficiary of a VIE. Under the equity method, the Company recognizes in earnings within net investment income its share of the investee s earnings. Contributions paid by the Company increase carrying value and distributions received by the Company reduce carrying value. The Company generally recognizes its share of the investee s earnings on a three-month lag in instances where the investee s financial information is not sufficiently timely or when the investee s reporting period differs from the Company s reporting period. 
 The Company accounts for its interest in real estate joint ventures and other limited partnership interests in which it has virtually no influence over the investee s operations at estimated fair value. Unrealized gains (losses), representing changes in estimated fair value of these investments, are recognized in earnings within net investment gains (losses). Due to the nature and structure of these investments, they do not meet the characteristics of an equity security in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. 
 The Company consolidates real estate joint ventures and other limited partnership interests of which it holds a controlling financial interest, or it is deemed the primary beneficiary of a VIE. Assets of certain consolidated real estate joint ventures and other limited partnership interests are recorded at estimated fair value. The Company elects the FVO for certain real estate joint ventures that are managed on a total return basis. Unrealized gains (losses) representing changes in estimated fair value for real estate joint ventures and other limited partnership interests recorded at estimated fair value are recognized in net investment income. 
 The Company routinely evaluates its equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount is not recoverable and exceeds its estimated fair value. When it is determined an equity method investment has had a loss in value that is other than temporary, an impairment is recognized. Such an impairment is charged to net investment gains (losses). 
 Short-term Investments 
 Short-term investments include highly liquid securities and other investments with remaining maturities of one year or less, but greater than three months, at the time of purchase. Securities included within short-term investments are stated at estimated fair value, while other investments included within short-term investments are stated at amortized cost less ACL, which approximates estimated fair value. 
 164 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 165 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 166 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 167 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 168 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 169 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Other Accounting Policies 
 years for company occupied real estate property, the shorter of the useful life or remaining lease term up to years for leasehold improvements, and from three to for all other property and equipment. The cost basis of the property, equipment and leasehold improvements was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accumulated depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements was billion at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Related depreciation and amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recognized leasehold improvement impairment charges of million, million, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Computer software, which is included in other assets, is stated at cost, less accumulated amortization. Purchased software costs, as well as certain internal and external costs incurred to develop internal-use computer software during the application development stage, are capitalized. Such costs are amortized over a four -year period using the straight-line method. The cost basis of computer software was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accumulated amortization of capitalized software was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Related amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 170 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 171 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

172 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

 billion, net of income tax. 
 
 The expected decrease in total equity includes the estimated impact to AOCI which, as of the transition date, is expected to result in a decrease of approximately billion, net of income tax. The most significant drivers of the expected decrease in AOCI are the anticipated impacts of the changes in the discount rates as of the transition date to be used in measuring the liability for future policy benefits for traditional and limited payment contracts and the non-performance risk in the valuation of the Company s market risk benefits. The expected decrease in AOCI is expected to be partially offset by the removal of loss recognition balances recorded in AOCI related to unrealized investment gains associated with certain long-duration products. 
 
 The expected decrease in total equity also includes the estimated impact to retained earnings which, from adoption, is expected to result in a decrease of approximately billion, net of income tax. This decrease results from the requirement to account for variable annuity guarantees as market risk benefits measured at fair value (except for the changes in fair value already recognized under an existing accounting model) and other valuation impacts to the liability for future policy benefits. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of increases in market interest rates from the January 1, 2021 transition date to December 31, 2022, we estimate that the transition date reduction to retained earnings will significantly reverse, and that the transition date reduction to AOCI will fully reverse. 
 
 173 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 1. Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

174 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

segments: U.S.; Asia; Latin America; EMEA; and MetLife Holdings. In addition, the Company reports certain of its results of operations in Corporate Other. 
 U.S. 
 The U.S. segment offers a broad range of protection products and services aimed at serving the financial needs of customers throughout their lives. These products are sold to corporations and their respective employees, other institutions and their respective members, as well as individuals. The U.S. segment is organized into two businesses: Group Benefits and Retirement and Income Solutions RIS ). 
 The Group Benefits business offers products such as term, variable and universal life insurance, dental, group and individual disability, vision and accident health insurance. 
 The RIS business offers a broad range of life and annuity-based insurance and investment products, including stable value and pension risk transfer products, institutional income annuities, structured settlements, longevity reinsurance solutions, benefit funding solutions and capital markets investment products. 
 Asia 
 The Asia segment offers a broad range of products and services to both individuals and corporations, as well as to other institutions, and their respective employees, which include life insurance, accident health insurance and retirement and savings. 
 Latin America 
 The Latin America segment offers a broad range of products to both individuals and corporations, as well as to other institutions, and their respective employees, which include life insurance, retirement and savings, accident health insurance and credit insurance. 
 EMEA 
 The EMEA segment offers products to individuals, corporations, other institutions, and their respective employees, which include life insurance, accident health insurance, retirement and savings and credit insurance. 
 MetLife Holdings 
 The MetLife Holdings segment consists of operations relating to products and businesses that the Company no longer actively markets in the United States. These include variable, universal, term and whole life insurance, variable, fixed and index-linked annuities, and long-term care insurance. 
 Corporate Other 
 Corporate Other contains various start-up, developing and run-off businesses. Also included in Corporate Other are: the excess capital, as well as certain charges and activities, not allocated to the segments (including external integration and disposition costs, internal resource costs for associates committed to acquisitions and dispositions and enterprise-wide strategic initiatives), interest expense related to the majority of the Company s outstanding debt, expenses associated with certain legal proceedings and income tax audit issues, the elimination of intersegment amounts (which generally relate to affiliated reinsurance, investment expenses and intersegment loans bearing interest rates commensurate with related borrowings), and the Company s investment management business (through which the Company provides public fixed income, private capital and real estate investment solutions to institutional investors worldwide). 
 Financial Measures and Segment Accounting Policies 
 Adjusted earnings is used by management to evaluate performance and allocate resources. Consistent with GAAP guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings is also the Company s GAAP measure of segment performance and is reported below. Adjusted earnings should not be viewed as a substitute for net income (loss). The Company believes the presentation of adjusted earnings, as the Company measures it for management purposes, enhances the understanding of its performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of the business. 
 Adjusted earnings is defined as adjusted revenues less adjusted expenses, net of income tax. 
 175 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2. Segment Information (continued) 

 176 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2. Segment Information (continued) 

 177 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2. Segment Information (continued) 

 ) Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 
 Net investment income (1) ) Other revenues Net investment gains (losses) 
 ) ) Net derivative gains (losses) 
 ) ) Total revenues 
 ) Expenses Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 
 ) ) Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
 ) Capitalization of DAC 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 
 ) Amortization of negative VOBA 
 ) ) ) ) Interest expense on debt Other expenses Total expenses 
 ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) Adjusted earnings 
 ) Adjustments to: Total revenues 
 ) Total expenses 
 Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 
 Net income (loss) 
 At December 31, 2022 U.S. Asia (2) Latin America EMEA MetLife Holdings Corporate Other Total (In millions) Total assets Separate account assets Separate account liabilities 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Net investment income from equity method investments represents , , and of segment net investment income for the U.S., Asia, Latin America and MetLife Holdings segments, respectively. 
 (2) Total assets includes billion of assets from the Company s Japan operations which represents of total assets. 
 
 178 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2. Segment Information (continued) 

 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 
 Net investment income (1) Other revenues Net investment gains (losses) 
 Net derivative gains (losses) 
 ) ) Total revenues 
 Expenses Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 
 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
 Capitalization of DAC 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 
 Amortization of negative VOBA 
 ) ) ) ) Interest expense on debt Other expenses Total expenses 
 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) Adjusted earnings 
 ) Adjustments to: Total revenues 
 Total expenses 
 ) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 
 Net income (loss) 
 At December 31, 2021 U.S. Asia (2) Latin America 
 EMEA MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other Total (In millions) Total assets Separate account assets Separate account liabilities 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Net investment income from equity method investments represents , , and of segment net investment income for the U.S., Asia, Latin America and MetLife Holdings segments, respectively. 
 (2) Total assets includes billion of assets from the Company s Japan operations which represents of total assets. 
 179 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2. Segment Information (continued) 

 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 
 Net investment income (1) ) Other revenues Net investment gains (losses) 
 ) ) Net derivative gains (losses) 
 Total revenues 
 Expenses Policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends 
 ) Interest credited to policyholder account balances 
 Capitalization of DAC 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 
 Amortization of negative VOBA 
 ) ) ) ) Interest expense on debt Other expenses Total expenses 
 Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) Adjusted earnings 
 ) Adjustments to: Total revenues 
 Total expenses 
 ) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit 
 ) Net income (loss) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Net investment income from equity method investments represents , , and of segment net investment income for the U.S., Asia, Latin America and MetLife Holdings segments, respectively. 
 180 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 2. Segment Information (continued) 

 Accident health insurance Annuities Other 
 Total 

Foreign: 
 Japan 
 Other 
 Total 

billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, which represented of consolidated premiums, universal life and investment-type product policy fees and other revenues. The revenue was from a single premium received for a pension risk transfer. Revenues derived from any single customer did not exceed of consolidated premiums, universal life and investment-type product policy fees and other revenues for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

of pro forma total revenue of MetLife for the year ended December 31, 2020 when evaluated as though the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented. 
 
 million, net of income tax, was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is reflected in net investment gains (losses). MetLife Seguros results of operations are reported in the Latin America segment adjusted earnings through the date of sale. 
 181 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Acquisition and Dispositions (continued) 

 million in total consideration, including a pre-closing dividend of million. In January 2022 and April 2022, the Company completed the sales of its wholly-owned subsidiaries in Greece and Poland, respectively. In connection with the sales, a loss of million, net of income tax, was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was reflected in net investment gains (losses) and resulted in a total loss on the sales of million, net of income tax. MetLife Poland and Greece results of operations are reported in the EMEA segment adjusted earnings through June 30, 2021. See Note 2 for information on accounting for divested business. 
 MetLife Poland and Greece met the criteria in the second quarter of 2021 to be classified as held-for-sale but did not meet the criteria to be classified as discontinued operations. As a result, the related assets and liabilities are included in the separate held-for-sale line items of the asset and liability sections of the consolidated balance sheet until the quarter in which the disposition was completed. 
 Contractholder-directed equity securities Other investments Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired Other Separate account assets Total assets held-for-sale Liabilities: Future policy benefits Policyholder account balances Other policy-related balances Other Separate account liabilities Total liabilities held-for-sale 
 MetLife Poland and Greece income (loss) before provision for income tax as reflected in the consolidated statements of operations was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Disposition of Metropolitan Property and Casualty Insurance Company 
 In December 2020, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell its wholly-owned subsidiary, Metropolitan Property and Casualty Insurance Company and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, MetLife P C to Farmers Group, Inc. for billion. In addition, the Company and the Farmers Exchanges have established a 10-year strategic partnership through which the Farmers Insurance Group will offer its personal line products on MetLife s U.S. Group Benefits platform which commenced when the transaction closed. MetLife P C results of operations are reported in the U.S. segment adjusted earnings through December 31, 2020. See Note 2 for more information on divested businesses. In April 2021, the Company completed the sale of MetLife P C. As a result of the sale, the Company recognized a gain of billion billion, net of income tax) in net investment gains (losses) for the year ended December 31, 2021, which includes customary purchase price adjustments recorded after the date of sale. 
 182 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 3. Acquisition and Dispositions (continued) 

 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Disposition of Joint-stock Company MetLife Insurance Company 
 In December 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to sell its wholly-owned Russian subsidiary, the Joint-stock Company MetLife Insurance Company MetLife Russia ). In connection with the sale, a loss of million, net of income tax, was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2020 and is reflected in net investment gains (losses). MetLife Russia results of operations are reported in the EMEA segment adjusted earnings through December 31, 2020. In January 2021, the Company completed the sale of MetLife Russia. 
 Disposition of MetLife Seguros de Retiro S.A. 
 In October 2020, the Company sold one of its wholly-owned Argentinian subsidiaries, MetLife Seguros de Retiro S.A. MetLife Seguros de Retiro ). In connection with the sale, a loss of million, net of income tax, was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2020. This loss was comprised of a million pre-tax loss, which is reflected in net investment gains (losses). Additionally, the million loss included a million net tax charge, which is recorded in the provision for income tax expense (benefit) and included previously deferred tax items and losses which are not recognized for tax purposes. MetLife Seguros de Retiro s results of operations are reported in the Latin America segment adjusted earnings through June 30, 2020. See Note 2 for information on accounting for divested businesses. 

Asia 
 Latin America 
 EMEA 
 MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other 
 Total 
 
 183 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Insurance (continued) 

 to for U.S. businesses and less than to for non-U.S. businesses and mortality rates guaranteed in calculating the cash surrender values described in such contracts); and (ii) the liability for terminal dividends for U.S. businesses. 
 Nonparticipating life 
 Aggregate of the present value of future expected benefit payments and related expenses less the present value of future expected net premiums. Assumptions as to mortality and persistency are based upon the Company s experience when the basis of the liability is established. Interest rate assumptions for the aggregate future policy benefit liabilities range from to for U.S. businesses and less than to for non-U.S. businesses. 
 Individual and group 
 traditional fixed annuities 
 after annuitization 
 Present value of future expected payments. Interest rate assumptions used in establishing such liabilities range from to for U.S. businesses and less than to for non-U.S. businesses. 
 Non-medical health 
 insurance 
 The net level premium method and assumptions as to future morbidity, withdrawals and interest, which provide a margin for adverse deviation. Interest rate assumptions used in establishing such liabilities range from to (primarily related to U.S. businesses). 
 Disabled lives 
 Present value of benefits method and experience assumptions as to claim terminations, expenses and interest. Interest rate assumptions used in establishing such liabilities range from to for U.S. businesses and less than to for non-U.S. businesses. 
 
 Participating business represented and of the Company s life insurance in-force at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Participating policies represented , and of gross traditional life insurance premiums for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 to for U.S. businesses and less than to for non-U.S. businesses, less expenses, mortality charges and withdrawals; and (iii) fair value adjustments relating to business combinations. 
 184 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Insurance (continued) 

185 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Insurance (continued) 

 Incurred guaranteed benefits (1) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Incurred guaranteed benefits (1) ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) ) ) Reclassified to liabilities held-for-sale (2) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Incurred guaranteed benefits (1) ) ) ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Ceded: 
 Balance at January 1, 2020 Incurred guaranteed benefits ) ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Incurred guaranteed benefits ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Reclassified to liabilities held-for-sale (2) Balance at December 31, 2021 Incurred guaranteed benefits ) ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Net: 
 Balance at January 1, 2020 Incurred guaranteed benefits ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Incurred guaranteed benefits ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) ) ) Reclassified to liabilities held-for-sale (2) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Incurred guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 __________________ 
 (1) Secondary guarantees include the effects of foreign currency translation of million, million and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) See Note 3 for information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 186 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Insurance (continued) 

 Separate account value (1) 
 Net amount at risk (2) 
 (4) (5) (4) (5) Average attained age of contractholders years years years years Other Annuity Guarantees: Total account value (1), (3) 
 N/A N/A Net amount at risk 
 N/A (6) N/A (6) Average attained age of contractholders N/A years N/A years 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Secondary Guarantees Paid-Up Guarantees Secondary Guarantees Paid-Up Guarantees (Dollars in millions) Universal and Variable Life Contracts: Total account value (1), (3) 
 Net amount at risk (7) 
 Average attained age of policyholders years years years years 
 __________________ 
 (1) The Company s annuity and life contracts with guarantees may offer more than one type of guarantee in each contract. Therefore, the amounts listed above may not be mutually exclusive. 
 (2) Includes amounts, which are not reported on the consolidated balance sheets, from assumed variable annuity guarantees from the Company s former operating joint venture in Japan. 
 (3) Includes the contractholders investments in the general account and separate account, if applicable. 
 (4) Defined as the death benefit less the total account value, as of the balance sheet date. It represents the amount of the claim that the Company would incur if death claims were filed on all contracts on the balance sheet date and includes any additional contractual claims associated with riders purchased to assist with covering income taxes payable upon death. 
 (5) Defined as the amount (if any) that would be required to be added to the total account value to purchase a lifetime income stream, based on current annuity rates, equal to the minimum amount provided under the guaranteed benefit. This amount represents the Company s potential economic exposure to such guarantees in the event all contractholders were to annuitize on the balance sheet date, even though the contracts contain terms that allow annuitization of the guaranteed amount only after the 10th anniversary of the contract, which not all contractholders have achieved. 
 (6) Defined as either the excess of the upper tier, adjusted for a profit margin, less the lower tier, as of the balance sheet date or the amount (if any) that would be required to be added to the total account value to purchase a lifetime income stream, based on current annuity rates, equal to the minimum amount provided under the guaranteed benefit. These amounts represent the Company s potential economic exposure to such guarantees in the event all contractholders were to annuitize on the balance sheet date. 
 187 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Insurance (continued) 

Balanced 
 Bond 
 Money Market 
 Total 

billion, billion and billion, respectively, and repaid billion, billion and billion, respectively, of such funding agreements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, liabilities for funding agreements outstanding, which are included in policyholder account balances, were billion and billion, respectively. 
 Certain of the Company s subsidiaries are members of FHLBNY. Holdings of common stock of FHLBNY, included in other invested assets, were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) (2) Farmer Mac (3) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Represents funding agreements issued to FHLBNY in exchange for cash and for which it has been granted a lien on certain assets, some of which are in the custody of FHLBNY, including residential mortgage-backed securities RMBS ), to collateralize obligations under such funding agreements. The applicable subsidiary of the Company is permitted to withdraw any portion of the collateral in the custody of FHLBNY as long as there is no event of default and the remaining qualified collateral is sufficient to satisfy the collateral maintenance level. Upon any event of default by such subsidiary, FHLBNY s recovery on the collateral is limited to the amount of such subsidiary s liability to FHLBNY. 
 (2) Advances are collateralized primarily by mortgage-backed securities presented at estimated fair value. The remaining collateral is mortgage loans presented at carrying value. 
 (3) Represents funding agreements issued to a subsidiary of Farmer Mac. The obligations under these funding agreements are secured by a pledge of certain eligible agricultural mortgage loans and may, under certain circumstances, be secured by other qualified collateral. The amount of collateral presented is at carrying value. 
 188 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Insurance (continued) 

2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Cumulative paid claims and paid allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance ) All outstanding liabilities for incurral years prior to 2013, net of reinsurance Total unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 Cumulative Paid Claims and Paid Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance Years Ended December 31, (Unaudited) Incurral Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (In millions) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total cumulative paid claims and paid allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 Average Annual Percentage Payout 
 
 189 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Insurance (continued) 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Cumulative paid claims and paid allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 ) All outstanding liabilities for incurral years prior to 2013, net of reinsurance Total unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 
 Cumulative Paid Claims and Paid Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance Years Ended December 31, (Unaudited) Incurral Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (In millions) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total cumulative paid claims and paid allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 Average Annual Percentage Payout 
 
 Significant Methodologies and Assumptions 
 Group Life - Term and Group Long-Term Disability incurred but not paid IBNP liabilities are developed using a combination of loss ratio and development methods. Claims in the course of settlement are then subtracted from the IBNP liabilities, resulting in the IBNR liabilities. The loss ratio method is used in the period in which the claims are neither sufficient nor credible. In developing the loss ratios, any material rate increases that could change the underlying premium without affecting the estimated incurred losses are taken into account. For periods where sufficient and credible claim data exists, the development method is used based on the claim triangles which categorize claims according to both the period in which they were incurred and the period in which they were paid, adjudicated or reported. The end result is a triangle of known data that is used to develop known completion ratios and factors. Claims paid are then subtracted from the estimated ultimate incurred claims to calculate the IBNP liability. 
 190 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Insurance (continued) 

 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Using interest rates ranging from to , based on the incurral year, the total discount applied to these liabilities was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount of interest accretion recognized was million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts were reflected in policyholder benefits and claims. 
 For Group Life - Term, claims were based upon individual death claims. For Group Long-Term Disability, claim frequency was determined by the number of reported claims as identified by a unique claim number assigned to individual claimants. Claim counts initially include claims that do not ultimately result in a liability. These claims are omitted from the claim counts once it is determined that there is no liability. 
 The incurred and paid claims disclosed for the Group Life - Term product includes activity related to the product s continued protection feature; however, the associated actuarial reserve for future benefit obligations under this feature is excluded from the liability for unpaid claims. 
 The Group Long-Term Disability IBNR, included in the development tables above, was developed using discounted cash flows, and is presented on a discounted basis. 
 191 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Insurance (continued) 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Cumulative paid claims and paid allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance ) All outstanding liabilities for incurral years prior to 2013, net of reinsurance Total unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 Cumulative Paid Claims and Paid Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance Years Ended December 31, (Unaudited) Incurral Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 (In millions) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total cumulative paid claims and paid allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 Average Annual Percentage Payout 
 
 Significant Methodologies and Assumptions 
 This business line consists of employer sponsored and industry sponsored Group Life and Group Disability risks. 
 For Group Life, the IBNR liability is determined by using the Bornhuetter-Ferguson Method, with factors derived by examining the experience of historical claims. A pending liability is also calculated for claims that have been reported but have not been paid. A claim eligibility ratio based on past experience is applied to the face amount of individual claims. 
 192 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Insurance (continued) 

 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts were discounted using interest rates ranging from to , based on the incurral year. The total discount applied to these liabilities was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount of interest accretion recognized was million for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. These amounts were reflected in policyholder benefits and claims. 
 The Company tracks claim frequency by the number of reported claims as identified by a unique claim number assigned to individual claimants. Claim counts include claims that do not ultimately result in a liability. A liability is only established for those claims that are expected to result in a liability, based on historical factors. 
 
 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Cumulative paid claims and paid allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance ) All outstanding liabilities for incurral years prior to 2013, net of reinsurance Total unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 
 193 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Insurance (continued) 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total cumulative paid claims and paid allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 Average Annual Percentage Payout 
 ) ) ) 
 
 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Cumulative paid claims and paid allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance ) All outstanding liabilities for incurral years prior to 2013, net of reinsurance Total unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 
 194 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Insurance (continued) 

 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total cumulative paid claims and paid allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 
 Average Annual Percentage Payout 
 
 Significant Methodologies and Assumptions 
 The Latin America segment establishes liabilities for unpaid losses, which are equal to the accumulation of unpaid reported claims, plus an estimate for claims IBNR. 
 In general terms, for both the Protection Life and Protection Health products, the methodology for IBNR is the Bornhuetter-Ferguson Method, with factors derived by examining the experience of historical claims. In the more recent incurral months, the credibility is higher on expected loss ratios and lower on claims calculated using the experience-derived factors. The credibility grows for the factors as incurral months become older. 
 For Protection Health products, claim duration can be very long due to the multiple incidences that may occur over time for a single claim. Depending on the characteristics of the product, the number of claims reported per year may or may not be based on the original claim occurrence date for each individual claim. For Protection Life products, claims are based upon individual death claims. 
 The assumptions used in calculating the unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses for Protection Life and Protection Health are updated annually to reflect emerging trends in claim experience. 
 Certain of our Protection Life customers have experience-rated contracts, whereby the group sponsor participates in the favorable and/or adverse claim experience, including favorable and/or adverse prior year development. Claim experience adjustments on these contracts are not reflected in the foregoing incurred and paid claim development tables, but are instead reflected as an increase (adverse experience) or decrease (favorable experience) to premiums on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Liabilities for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses were not discounted. 
 For Protection Life and Protection Health products, claim counts initially include claims that do not ultimately result in a liability. These claims are omitted from the claim counts once it is determined that there is no liability. 
 195 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Insurance (continued) 

 Group Long-Term Disability Total Asia - Group Disability Group Life Latin America: Protection Life Protection Health Total Other insurance lines - all segments combined Total unpaid claims and allocated claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance Reinsurance recoverables on unpaid claims: U.S.: Group Life - Term Group Long-Term Disability Total Asia - Group Disability Group Life Latin America: Protection Life Protection Health Total Other insurance lines - all segments combined Total reinsurance recoverable on unpaid claims Total unpaid claims and allocated claims adjustment expense Unallocated claims adjustment expenses Discounting ) Liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment liabilities - short-duration Liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment liabilities - all long-duration lines Total liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expense (included in future policy benefits and other policy-related balances) 

196 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 4. Insurance (continued) 

 Less: Reinsurance recoverables 
 Net balance at January 1, Incurred related to: Current year 
 Prior years (1) 
 Total incurred 
 Paid related to: Current year 
 ) ) ) Prior years 
 ) ) ) Total paid 
 ) ) ) Reclassified to liabilities held-for-sale (2) ) ) Dispositions (2) ) Net balance at December 31, Add: Reinsurance recoverables 
 Balance at December 31, 
 __________________ 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, incurred claim activity and claim adjustment expenses associated with prior years increased due to events incurred in prior years but reported in the current year. The increases in both 2022 and 2021 incurred claim activity and claim adjustment expenses associated with prior years is primarily due to the impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by additional premiums recorded for experience-rated contracts that are not reflected in the table above. 
 (2) See Note 3 for information on the Company s business dispositions. 

billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for which the policyholder assumes all investment risk, and separate accounts for which the Company contractually guarantees either a minimum return or account value to the policyholder which totaled billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The latter category consisted primarily of guaranteed interest contracts GICs ). The average interest rate credited on these contracts was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 197 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

198 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 5. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs, Value of Business Acquired and Other Intangibles (continued) 

 199 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 5. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs, Value of Business Acquired and Other Intangibles (continued) 

 Capitalizations Amortization related to: Net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses) ) ) Other expenses ) ) ) Total amortization ) ) ) Unrealized investment gains (losses) ) Effect of foreign currency translation and other ) ) Reclassified to assets held-for-sale (1) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, VOBA: Balance at January 1, Amortization related to: Net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses) ) Other expenses ) ) ) Total amortization ) ) ) Unrealized investment gains (losses) ) Effect of foreign currency translation and other ) ) Reclassified to assets held-for-sale (1) 
 ) Balance at December 31, Total DAC and VOBA: Balance at December 31, 
 __________________ 
 (1) See Note 3 for information on the Company s dispositions. 
 Asia Latin America EMEA MetLife Holdings Corporate Other Total 
 200 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 5. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs, Value of Business Acquired and Other Intangibles (continued) 

 Capitalization 
 Amortization 
 ) ) ) Unrealized investment gains (losses) 
 ) Effect of foreign currency translation and other ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 VODA and VOCRA: 
 Balance at January 1, 
 Acquisitions (1) Amortization 
 ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation and other ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 Accumulated amortization 
 Negative VOBA: 
 Balance at January 1, 
 Amortization 
 ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation and other 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 Accumulated amortization 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Primarily related to the acquisition of Versant Health. See Note 3. 
 ) 2024 ) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) 

The Company participates in reinsurance activities in order to limit losses, minimize exposure to significant risks and provide additional capacity for future growth. 
 201 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Reinsurance (continued) 

U.S. 
 For its Group Benefits business, the Company generally retains most of the risk, with the exception of its Group Term Life business and certain client arrangements. 
 The Company reinsures an 80 quota share of its Group Term Life business for capital management purposes. The majority of the Company s other reinsurance activity within this business relates to client agreements for employer sponsored captive programs, risk-sharing agreements and multinational pooling. The risks ceded under these agreements are generally quota shares of group life and disability policies. The cessions vary and the Company may cede up to 100 of all the risks of the policies. 
 The Company s RIS business has engaged in reinsurance activities on an opportunistic basis. In 2020, a U.S. life insurance subsidiary of the Company began reinsuring longevity risks for certain pension products issued by unaffiliated providers located in the United Kingdom U.K. ). 
 Asia, Latin America and EMEA 
 For selected large corporate clients, the Company reinsures group employee benefits or credit insurance business with various client-affiliated reinsurance companies, covering policies issued to the employees or customers of the clients. Additionally, the Company cedes and assumes risk with other insurance companies when either company requires a business partner with the appropriate local licensing to issue certain types of policies in certain jurisdictions. In these cases, the assuming company typically underwrites the risks, develops the products and assumes most or all of the risk. The Company also has reinsurance agreements in-force that reinsure a portion of the living and death benefit guarantees issued in connection with variable annuity products. Under these agreements, the Company pays reinsurance fees associated with the guarantees collected from policyholders, and receives reimbursement for benefits paid or accrued in excess of account values, subject to certain limitations. The Company may also reinsure certain risks with external reinsurers depending upon the nature of the risk and local regulatory requirements. 
 MetLife Holdings 
 For its life products, the Company has historically reinsured the mortality risk primarily on an excess of retention basis or on a quota share basis. In addition to reinsuring mortality risk as described above, the Company reinsures other risks, as well as specific coverages. Placement of reinsurance is done primarily on an automatic basis and also on a facultative basis for risks with specified characteristics. The Company also assumes portions of the risk associated with certain whole life policies issued by a former affiliate and reinsures certain term life policies and universal life policies with secondary death benefit guarantees to such former affiliate. 
 For its other products, the Company has a reinsurance agreement in-force to reinsure the living and death benefit guarantees issued in connection with certain variable annuity guarantees from the Company s former operating joint venture in Japan. Under this agreement, the Company receives reinsurance fees associated with the guarantees collected from policyholders, and provides reimbursement for benefits paid or accrued in excess of account values, subject to certain limitations. 
 202 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Reinsurance (continued) 

billion and billion of unsecured reinsurance recoverable balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had billion of net ceded reinsurance recoverables. Of this total, billion, or , were with the Company s five largest ceded reinsurers, including billion of net ceded reinsurance recoverables which were unsecured. At December 31, 2021, the Company had billion of net ceded reinsurance recoverables. Of this total, billion, or , were with the Company s five largest ceded reinsurers, including billion of net ceded reinsurance recoverables which were unsecured. 
 The Company has reinsured with an unaffiliated third-party reinsurer, of the closed block through a modified coinsurance agreement. The Company accounts for this agreement under the deposit method of accounting. The Company, having the right of offset, has offset the modified coinsurance deposit with the deposit recoverable. 
 203 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Reinsurance (continued) 

 Reinsurance assumed 
 Reinsurance ceded 
 ) ) ) Net premiums 
 Universal life and investment-type product policy fees 
 Direct universal life and investment-type product policy fees 
 Reinsurance assumed 
 Reinsurance ceded 
 ) ) ) Net universal life and investment-type product policy fees 
 Policyholder benefits and claims 
 Direct policyholder benefits and claims 
 Reinsurance assumed 
 Reinsurance ceded 
 ) ) ) Net policyholder benefits and claims 
 Other expenses 
 Direct other expenses 
 Reinsurance assumed 
 Reinsurance ceded 
 ) ) ) Net other expenses 
 
 The amounts on the consolidated balance sheets include the impact of reinsurance. Information regarding the significant effects of reinsurance was as follows at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Direct Assumed Ceded Total Balance Sheet Direct Assumed Ceded Total Balance Sheet (In millions) Assets 
 Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables 
 Deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired 
 ) ) Total assets 
 Liabilities 
 Future policy benefits 
 Policyholder account balances 
 Other policy-related balances 
 ) Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 204 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 6. Reinsurance (continued) 

 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The deposit liabilities on reinsurance were billion at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

205 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Closed Block (continued) 

 Other policy-related balances 
 Policyholder dividends payable 
 Policyholder dividend obligation 
 Deferred income tax liability 
 Other liabilities 
 Total closed block liabilities 
 Assets Designated to the Closed Block 
 Investments: 
 Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale, at estimated fair value 
 Equity securities, at estimated fair value Mortgage loans 
 Policy loans 
 Real estate and real estate joint ventures 
 Other invested assets 
 Total investments 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accrued investment income 
 Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables 
 Current income tax recoverable 
 Deferred income tax asset 
 Total assets designated to the closed block 
 Excess of closed block liabilities over assets designated to the closed block 
 AOCI: Unrealized investment gains (losses), net of income tax 
 ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives, net of income tax 
 Allocated to policyholder dividend obligation, net of income tax 
 ) Total amounts included in AOCI 
 ) Maximum future earnings to be recognized from closed block assets and liabilities 
 
 Change in unrealized investment and derivative gains (losses) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 
 206 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 7. Closed Block (continued) 

 Net investment income 
 Net investment gains (losses) 
 ) ) ) Net derivative gains (losses) 
 ) Total revenues 
 Expenses 
 Policyholder benefits and claims 
 Policyholder dividends 
 Other expenses 
 Total expenses 
 Revenues, net of expenses before provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) Revenues, net of expenses and provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) 
 MLIC charges the closed block with federal income taxes, state and local premium taxes and other state or local taxes, as well as investment management expenses relating to the closed block as provided in the Plan of Reorganization. MLIC also charges the closed block for expenses of maintaining the policies included in the closed block. 

207 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

 ) ) Foreign corporate 
 ) ) Foreign government 
 ) ) U.S. government and agency 
 RMBS 
 ABS CLO Municipals CMBS 
 ) ) Total fixed maturity securities AFS 
 ) ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Excludes gross unrealized gains (losses) related to assets held-for-sale; these unrealized gains (losses) are included in AOCI as no component of equity is held-for-sale. See Note 3 for information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 The Company held non-income producing fixed maturity securities AFS with an estimated fair value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, with unrealized gains (losses) of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 208 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

Estimated fair value 

Foreign corporate Foreign government U.S. government and agency RMBS ABS CLO Municipals CMBS Total fixed maturity securities AFS Investment grade Below investment grade Total fixed maturity securities AFS Total number of securities in an unrealized loss position 
 __________________ 
 (1) Excludes gross unrealized losses related to assets held-for-sale; these unrealized losses are included in AOCI as no component of equity is held-for-sale. See Note 3 for information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 209 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

 210 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

Evaluation of Fixed Maturity Securities AFS in an Unrealized Loss Position 
 Gross unrealized losses on securities without an ACL increased billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 to billion primarily due to increases in interest rates, widening credit spreads, and the impact of weakening foreign currencies on certain non-functional currency denominated fixed maturity securities. 
 Gross unrealized losses on securities without an ACL that have been in a continuous gross unrealized loss position for 12 months or greater were billion at December 31, 2022, or of the total gross unrealized losses on securities without an ACL. 
 Investment Grade Fixed Maturity Securities AFS 
 Of the billion of gross unrealized losses on securities without an ACL that have been in a continuous gross unrealized loss position for 12 months or greater, billion, or , were related to investment grade securities. Unrealized losses on investment grade securities are principally related to widening credit spreads since purchase and, with respect to fixed-rate securities, rising interest rates since purchase. 
 Below Investment Grade Fixed Maturity Securities AFS 
 Of the billion of gross unrealized losses on securities without an ACL that have been in a continuous gross unrealized loss position for 12 months or greater, million, or , were related to below investment grade securities. Unrealized losses on below investment grade securities are principally related to U.S. corporate and foreign corporate securities (primarily transportation, consumer and communications) and foreign government securities. These unrealized losses are the result of significantly wider credit spreads resulting from higher risk premiums since purchase, largely due to economic and market uncertainty, as well as, with respect to fixed-rate securities, rising interest rates since purchase. Management evaluates U.S. corporate and foreign corporate securities based on several factors such as expected cash flows, financial condition and near-term and long-term prospects of the issuers. Management evaluates foreign government securities based on factors impacting the issuers such as expected cash flows, financial condition of the issuers and any country specific economic conditions or public sector programs to restructure foreign government securities. 
 Current Period Evaluation 
 At December 31, 2022, with respect to securities in an unrealized loss position without an ACL, the Company did not intend to sell these securities, and it was not more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell these securities before the anticipated recovery of the remaining amortized cost. Based on the Company s current evaluation of its securities in an unrealized loss position without an ACL, the Company concluded that these securities had not incurred a credit loss and should not have an ACL at December 31, 2022. 
 Future provisions for credit loss will depend primarily on economic fundamentals, issuer performance (including changes in the present value of future cash flows expected to be collected), changes in credit ratings and collateral valuation. 
 211 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

 ACL not previously recorded 
 Changes for securities with previously recorded ACL ) ) Securities sold or exchanged ) ) ) ) Dispositions Effect of foreign currency translation ) ) Write-offs 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 
 U.S. Corporate Foreign Corporate Foreign Government CMBS Total Year Ended December 31, 2021 (In millions) Balance at January 1, ACL not previously recorded 
 Changes for securities with previously recorded ACL 
 ) Securities sold or exchanged ) ) ) Dispositions (1) ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation Write-offs 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 __________________ 
 (1) In connection with the disposition of MetLife Seguros, ACL was reduced by million for the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 3 for additional information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 Equity Securities 
 Non-redeemable preferred stock ) Total 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Represents cumulative changes in estimated fair value, recognized in earnings, and not in OCI. 
 212 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

 FVO Securities 
 Total 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Represents cumulative changes in estimated fair value, recognized in earnings, and not in OCI. 
 
 Agricultural 
 Residential 
 Total amortized cost Allowance for credit loss ) ) ) ) Subtotal mortgage loans, net Residential FVO Total mortgage loans, net 
 
 The Company elects the FVO for certain residential mortgage loans that are managed on a total return basis, with changes in estimated fair value included in net investment income. See Note 10 for further information. 
 The amount of net (discounts) premiums and deferred (fees) expenses, included within total amortized cost, primarily attributable to residential mortgage loans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The accrued interest income excluded from total amortized cost for commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans at December 31, 2022 was million, million, and million, respectively. The accrued interest income excluded from total amortized cost for commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans at December 31, 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Purchases of mortgage loans, consisting primarily of residential mortgage loans, were billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 213 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

 million to joint ventures in anticipation of subsequent foreclosure or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure transactions. During the year, the joint ventures completed foreclosure or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure transactions on loans with an amortized cost of million. The real estate collateralizing these foreclosures or deed-in-lieu of foreclosures had an estimated fair value in excess of amortized cost. As a result of the excess of estimated fair value of the collateral over the amortized cost of the commercial mortgage loans, upon consummating the foreclosures or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure transactions, the joint ventures recognized a gain, of which the Company recognized its pro-rata share of million within net investment gains (losses). 
 Rollforward of Allowance for Credit Loss for Mortgage Loans by Portfolio Segment 
 Adoption of credit loss guidance ) Provision (release) ) ) ) Initial credit losses on PCD loans (1) Charge-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) HFS transfer ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 __________________ 
 (1) Represents the initial credit losses on purchased mortgage loans accounted for as PCD. 
 214 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

 215 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

 Fo r the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had commercial mortgage loans modified in a TDR with both pre-modification and post-modification carrying value, after ACL, of million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any commercial mortgage loans modified in a TDR. 
 216 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

 65 to 75 
 76 to 80 
 Greater than 80 
 Total 
 DSCR: > 1.20x 
 1.00x - 1.20x 
 Loans Total of Total (Dollars in millions) LTV ratios: Less than 65 65 to 75 76 to 80 Greater than 80 Total 
 The amortized cost of residential mortgage loans by credit quality indicator and vintage year was as follows at December 31, 2022: 
 Credit Quality Indicator 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior Revolving Loans Total of Total (Dollars in millions) Performance indicators: Performing Nonperforming (1) Total 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes residential mortgage loans in process of foreclosure of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 LTV ratios compare the unpaid principal balance of the loan to the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. The amortized cost of commercial and agricultural mortgage loans with an LTV ratio in excess of 100 was million, or of total commercial and agricultural mortgage loans, at December 31, 2022. 
 217 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

The Company has a high quality, well performing mortgage loan portfolio, with of all mortgage loans classified as performing at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Agricultural 
 Residential 
 Total 
 
 The amortized cost for nonaccrual commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans at beginning of year 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. The amortized cost for nonaccrual agricultural mortgage loans with no ACL was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were nonaccrual commercial or residential mortgage loans without an ACL at either December 31, 2022 or 2021 . 
 Purchased Investments with Credit Deterioration 
 Investments that, as of the date of acquisition, have experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination are classified as PCD. The amortized cost for PCD investments is the purchase price plus an ACL for the initial estimate of expected lifetime credit losses established upon purchase. Subsequent changes in the ACL on PCD investments are recognized in earnings and are reported in net investment gains (losses). The non-credit discount or premium is accreted or amortized to net investment income on an effective yield basis. 
 ) 

392 429 435 Other real estate 252 199 133 Real estate joint ventures ) Total real estate and real estate joint ventures 
 
 218 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation expense on real estate investments was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Real estate investments were net of accumulated depreciation of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Leases 
 
 The Company, as lessor, leases investment real estate, principally commercial real estate for office and retail use, through a variety of operating lease arrangements, which typically include tenant reimbursement for property operating costs and options to renew or extend the lease. In some circumstances, leases may include an option for the lessee to purchase the property. In addition, certain leases of retail space may stipulate that a portion of the income earned is contingent upon the level of the tenants revenues. Risk is managed through lessee credit analysis, property type diversification, and geographic diversification. 
 183 196 188 Retail 
 60 75 93 Apartment 
 56 66 62 Land 
 26 28 25 Industrial 
 62 58 56 Hotel 
 5 6 5 Other 
 6 Total leased real estate investments 
 392 429 435 
 Future contractual receipts under operating leases at December 31, 2022 were million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, million thereafter and, in total, were billion. 
 Leveraged and Direct Financing Leases 
 The Company has diversified leveraged and direct financing lease portfolios. Its leveraged leases principally include rail cars, commercial real estate and renewable energy generation facilities, and its direct financing leases principally include commercial real estate. These assets are leased through a variety of lease arrangements, which may include options to renew or extend the lease and options for the lessee to purchase the property. Residual values are estimated using available third-party data at inception of the lease. Risk is managed through lessee credit analysis, asset allocation, geographic diversification, and ongoing reviews of estimated residual values, using available third-party data and, in certain leases, linking the amount of future rental receipts to changes in inflation rates. Generally, estimated residual values are not guaranteed by the lessee or a third-party. 
 219 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

 Estimated residual values Subtotal Unearned income ) ) ) ) Investment in leases, before ACL ACL ) ) ) ) Investment in leases, net of ACL 
 __________________ 
 million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, billion thereafter and, in total, were billion. 
 Lease receivables are generally due in periodic installments. For lease receivables, the primary credit quality indicator is whether the lease receivable is performing or nonperforming, which is assessed monthly. The Company generally defines nonperforming lease receivables as those that are 90 days or more past due. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, all leveraged lease receivables were performing. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of direct financing lease receivables were performing, respectively. 
 The deferred income tax liability related to leveraged leases was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 129 96 106 Less: Income tax expense Lease investment income, net of income tax 
 
 220 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Losses from tax credit partnerships included within net investment income were million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 billion and billion, principally at estimated fair value, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 South Korea Mexico N/A 
 221 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

 Repurchase agreements 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) These securities were included within fixed maturity securities AFS and short-term investments at December 31, 2022 and within fixed maturity securities AFS at December 31, 2021. 
 (2) The liability for cash collateral is included within payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions. 
 Contractual Maturities 
 Foreign government 
 Agency RMBS U.S. corporate Total Repurchase agreements: U.S. government and agency 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) The related security could be returned to the Company on the next business day, which would require the Company to immediately return the cash collateral. 
 If the Company is required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on short notice and is forced to sell investments to meet the return obligation, it may have difficulty selling such collateral that is invested in a timely manner, be forced to sell investments in a volatile or illiquid market for less than what otherwise would have been realized under normal market conditions, or both. 
 222 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

Invested assets held in trust (external reinsurance agreements) (1) Invested assets pledged as collateral (2) Total invested assets on deposit, held in trust and pledged as collateral 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Represents assets held in trust related to third-party reinsurance agreements. Excludes assets held in trust related to reinsurance agreements between wholly-owned subsidiaries of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) The Company has pledged invested assets in connection with various agreements and transactions, including funding agreements (see Note 4), derivative transactions (see Note 9), secured debt and short-term debt related to repurchase agreements (see Note 13), and a collateral financing arrangement (see Note 14). 
 See Securities Lending Transactions and Repurchase Agreements for information regarding securities supporting securities lending transactions and repurchase agreements and Note 7 for information regarding investments designated to the closed block. In addition, the Company s investment in FHLBNY common stock, included within other invested assets, which is considered restricted until redeemed by the issuer, was million and million, at redemption value, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company held equity method investments of billion at December 31, 2022, comprised primarily of other limited partnership interests (private equity funds and hedge funds), real estate joint ventures (including real estate funds), tax credit and renewable energy partnerships and operating joint ventures. The Company s maximum exposure to loss related to these equity method investments was limited to the carrying value of these investments plus billion of unfunded commitments at December 31, 2022. 
 Aggregate net investment income from these equity method investments exceeded 10 of the Company s consolidated pre-tax income (loss) for the three most recent annual periods. 
 The following aggregated summarized financial data reflects the latest available financial information and does not represent the Company s proportionate share of the assets, liabilities, or earnings of such entities. Aggregate total assets of these entities totaled trillion and trillion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Aggregate total liabilities of these entities totaled billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Aggregate net income (loss) of these entities totaled billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Aggregate net income (loss) from the underlying entities in which the Company invests is primarily comprised of investment income, including recurring investment income (loss) and realized and unrealized investment gains (losses). 
 223 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

 Consolidated VIEs 
 Creditors or beneficial interest holders of VIEs where the Company is the primary beneficiary have no recourse to the general credit of the Company, as the Company s obligation to the VIEs is limited to the amount of its committed investment. 
 Renewable energy partnership (primarily other invested assets) Other investments (primarily other assets) Total 
 
 Unconsolidated VIEs 
 The carrying amount and maximum exposure to loss relating to VIEs in which the Company holds a significant variable interest but is not the primary beneficiary and which have not been consolidated were as follows at: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Asset Type Carrying Amount Maximum Exposure to Loss (1) Carrying Amount Maximum Exposure to Loss (1) (In millions) Fixed maturity securities AFS (2) Other limited partnership interests 
 Other invested assets 
 Other investments 
 Total 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) The maximum exposure to loss relating to fixed maturity securities AFS is equal to their carrying amounts or the carrying amounts of retained interests. The maximum exposure to loss relating to other limited partnership interests is equal to the carrying amounts plus any unfunded commitments. For certain of its investments in other invested assets, the Company s return is in the form of income tax credits which are guaranteed by creditworthy third parties. For such investments, the maximum exposure to loss is equal to the carrying amounts plus any unfunded commitments, reduced by income tax credits guaranteed by third parties. Such a maximum loss would be expected to occur only upon bankruptcy of the issuer or investee. 
 (2) For variable interests in Structured Products included within fixed maturity securities AFS, the Company s involvement is limited to that of a passive investor in mortgage-backed or asset-backed securities issued by trusts that do not have substantial equity. 
 224 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

 . 
 
 Equity securities 
 FVO Securities ) Mortgage loans 
 Policy loans 
 Real estate and real estate joint ventures 
 Other limited partnership interests 
 Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 
 Operating joint ventures 
 Other 
 Subtotal investment income Less: Investment expenses 
 Subtotal, net 
 Unit-linked investments ) Net investment income 
 Net Investment Income NII Information Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) recognized in NII: Net realized gains (losses) from sales and disposals (primarily FVO Securities and Unit-linked investments) Net unrealized gains (losses) from changes in estimated fair value (primarily FVO Securities and Unit-linked investments) ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) recognized in NII ) Changes in estimated fair value subsequent to purchase of FVO Securities and Unit-linked investments still held at the end of the respective periods and recognized in NII ) Equity method investments NII (primarily real estate joint ventures, other limited partnership interests, tax credit and renewable energy partnerships and operating joint ventures) 
 
 225 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) Equity securities ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) Real estate and real estate joint ventures (excluding changes in estimated fair value) 
 Other limited partnership interests (excluding changes in estimated fair value) 
 ) ) Other gains (losses) Subtotal 
 ) Change in estimated fair value of other limited partnership interests and real estate joint ventures ) ) Non-investment portfolio gains (losses) (1) ) ) Subtotal 
 ) ) Net investment gains (losses) ) ) Transaction Type Realized gains (losses) on investments sold or disposed ) Impairment (losses) ) ) ) Recognized gains (losses): Change in allowance for credit loss recognized in earnings ) ) ) Unrealized net gains (losses) recognized in earnings ) ) Total recognized gains (losses) ) ) Non-investment portfolio gains (losses) (1) ) ) Net investment gains (losses) ) ) Net Investment Gains (Losses) NIGL Information Changes in estimated fair value subsequent to purchase of equity securities still held at the end of the respective periods and recognized in NIGL ) ) Other gains (losses) include: Gains (losses) on disposed investments which were previously in a qualified cash flow hedge relationship Gains (losses) on leveraged leases and renewable energy partnerships Foreign currency gains (losses) ) Net Realized Investment Gains (Losses) From Sales and Disposals of Investments Recognized in NIGL ) Recognized in NII Net realized investment gains (losses) from sales and disposals of investments ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) See Note 3 for information regarding the Company s business dispositions. 
 
 226 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 8. Investments (continued) 

 Gross investment gains 
 Gross investment (losses) 
 ) ) ) Realized gains (losses) on sales and disposals ) Net credit loss (provision) release (change in ACL recognized in earnings) ) ) ) Impairment (losses) ) ) ) Net credit loss (provision) release and impairment (losses) ) ) ) Net investment gains (losses) 
 ) Equity Securities 
 Realized gains (losses) on sales and disposals ) ) Unrealized net gains (losses) recognized in earnings ) ) Net investment gains (losses) ) ) 

The Company is exposed to various risks relating to its ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit and equity market. The Company uses a variety of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives. 
 
 Interest Rate Derivatives 
 The Company uses a variety of interest rate derivatives to reduce its exposure to changes in interest rates, including interest rate swaps, interest rate total return swaps, caps, floors, swaptions, futures and forwards. 
 Interest rate swaps are used by the Company primarily to reduce market risks from changes in interest rates and to alter interest rate exposure arising from mismatches between assets and liabilities (duration mismatches). In an interest rate swap, the Company agrees with another party to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed rate and floating rate interest amounts as calculated by reference to an agreed notional amount. The Company utilizes interest rate swaps in fair value, cash flow and nonqualifying hedging relationships. 
 227 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Derivatives (continued) 

 228 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Derivatives (continued) 

 229 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Derivatives (continued) 

 230 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Derivatives (continued) 

 Foreign currency swaps 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Foreign currency forwards 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Subtotal 
 Cash flow hedges: 
 Interest rate swaps 
 Interest rate 
 Interest rate forwards 
 Interest rate 
 Foreign currency swaps 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Subtotal 
 NIFO hedges: 
 Foreign currency forwards 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Currency options 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Subtotal 
 Total qualifying hedges 
 Derivatives Not Designated or Not Qualifying as Hedging Instruments: 
 Interest rate swaps 
 Interest rate 
 Interest rate floors 
 Interest rate 
 Interest rate caps 
 Interest rate 
 Interest rate futures 
 Interest rate 
 Interest rate options 
 Interest rate 
 Interest rate forwards 
 Interest rate 
 Interest rate total return swaps 
 Interest rate 
 Synthetic GICs 
 Interest rate 
 Foreign currency swaps 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Foreign currency forwards 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Currency futures 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Currency options 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Credit default swaps purchased 
 Credit 
 Credit default swaps written 
 Credit 
 Equity futures 
 Equity market 
 Equity index options 
 Equity market 
 Equity variance swaps 
 Equity market 
 Equity total return swaps 
 Equity market 
 Total non-designated or nonqualifying derivatives 
 Total 
 
 231 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Derivatives (continued) 

232 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Derivatives (continued) 

) ) N/A Hedged items ) N/A Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives: Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (1) ) N/A Hedged items ) N/A Amount excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness N/A Subtotal ) ) N/A Gain (Loss) on Cash Flow Hedges: Interest rate derivatives: (1) Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A ) Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income ) Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives: (1) Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income ) Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) on hedged items Credit derivatives: (1) Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income Subtotal ) Gain (Loss) on NIFO Hedges: Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives (1) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Non-derivative hedging instruments N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Subtotal N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Not Designated or Not Qualifying as Hedging Instruments: Interest rate derivatives (1) ) ) N/A Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives (1) ) ) N/A Credit derivatives purchased (1) N/A Credit derivatives written (1) ) N/A Equity derivatives (1) N/A Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) on hedged items N/A Subtotal ) N/A Earned income on derivatives ) Embedded derivatives (2) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Total ) ) 
 233 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Derivatives (continued) 

 ) N/A Hedged items 
 ) N/A Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives: 
 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (1) 
 ) N/A Hedged items 
 ) N/A Amount excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness 
 N/A Subtotal 
 ) ) N/A Gain (Loss) on Cash Flow Hedges: Interest rate derivatives: (1) 
 Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A ) Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives: (1) Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) on hedged items 
 Credit derivatives: (1) 
 Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A ) Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 Subtotal 
 Gain (Loss) on NIFO Hedges: 
 Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives (1) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Non-derivative hedging instruments N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Subtotal 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Not Designated or Not Qualifying as Hedging Instruments: 
 Interest rate derivatives (1) 
 ) ) N/A Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives (1) 
 ) N/A Credit derivatives purchased (1) 
 N/A Credit derivatives written (1) 
 N/A Equity derivatives (1) 
 ) ) ) N/A Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) on hedged items 
 N/A Subtotal 
 ) ) ) N/A Earned income on derivatives 
 ) Embedded derivatives (2) 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Total 
 ) ) ) 
 234 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Derivatives (continued) N/A Hedged items 
 ) N/A Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives: 
 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (1) 
 ) N/A Hedged items 
 ) N/A Amount excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness 
 ) N/A Subtotal 
 ) ) N/A Gain (Loss) on Cash Flow Hedges: Interest rate derivatives: (1) 
 Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives: (1) Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A ) Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 ) Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) on hedged items 
 ) Credit derivatives: (1) 
 Amount of gains (losses) deferred in AOCI 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A ) Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income 
 Subtotal 
 ) Gain (Loss) on NIFO Hedges: 
 Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives (1) N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Non-derivative hedging instruments N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A ) Subtotal 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Not Designated or Not Qualifying as Hedging Instruments: 
 Interest rate derivatives (1) 
 ) N/A Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives (1) 
 ) ) N/A Credit derivatives purchased (1) 
 ) N/A Credit derivatives written (1) 
 ) N/A Equity derivatives (1) 
 ) ) ) N/A Foreign currency transaction gains (losses) on hedged items 
 ) N/A Subtotal 
 ) ) N/A Earned income on derivatives 
 ) Embedded derivatives (2) 
 N/A N/A ) N/A N/A N/A Total 
 ) ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Excludes earned income on derivatives. 
 (2) The valuation of guaranteed minimum benefits includes a nonperformance risk adjustment. The amounts included in net derivative gains (losses) in connection with this adjustment wer e million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

235 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Derivatives (continued) 

) Mortgage loans ) Future policy benefits ) ) ) Policyholder account balances ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes million and million of hedging adjustments on discontinued hedging relationships at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 For the Company s foreign currency forwards, the change in the estimated fair value of the derivative related to the changes in the difference between the spot price and the forward price is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. The Company has elected to record changes in estimated fair value of excluded components in earnings. For all other derivatives, all components of each derivative s gain or loss were included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
 
 In certain instances, the Company discontinued cash flow hedge accounting because the forecasted transactions were no longer probable of occurring. Because certain of the forecasted transactions also were not probable of occurring within two months of the anticipated date, the Company reclassified amounts from AOCI into income. These amounts were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the maximum length of time over which the Company was hedging its exposure to variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions did not exceed and , respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance in AOCI associated with cash flow hedges was billion and billion, respectively. 
 All components of each derivative s gain or loss were included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company expected to reclassify million of deferred net gains (losses) on derivatives in AOCI to earnings within the next 12 months. 
 236 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Derivatives (continued) 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the cumulative foreign currency translation gain (loss) recorded in AOCI related to NIFO hedges was million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of debt designated as a non-derivative hedging instrument was million and million, respectively. 
 See Note 13 for additional information on foreign-denominated debt. 
 
 237 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Derivatives (continued) 

 Credit default swaps referencing indices 
 Subtotal 
 Baa 
 Single name credit default swaps (3) 
 Credit default swaps referencing indices 
 Subtotal 
 Ba 
 Single name credit default swaps (3) 
 Credit default swaps referencing indices 
 ) Subtotal 
 B 
 Credit default swaps referencing indices 
 Subtotal 
 Caa Credit default swaps referencing indices ) ) Subtotal ) ) Total 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) The rating agency designations are based on availability and the midpoint of the applicable ratings among Moody s Investors Service Moody s ), S P and Fitch Ratings. If no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used. 
 (2) The weighted average years to maturity of the credit default swaps is calculated based on weighted average gross notional amounts. 
 (3) Single name credit default swaps may be referenced to the credit of corporations, foreign governments, or municipals. 
 
 238 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Derivatives (continued) 

 OTC-cleared (1) 
 Exchange-traded 
 Total gross estimated fair value of derivatives presented on the consolidated balance sheets (1) 
 Gross amounts not offset on the consolidated balance sheets: 
 Gross estimated fair value of derivatives: (2) 
 OTC-bilateral 
 ) ) ) ) OTC-cleared 
 ) ) ) ) Exchange-traded 
 ) ) ) ) Cash collateral: (3), (4) 
 OTC-bilateral 
 ) ) OTC-cleared 
 ) ) ) ) Exchange-traded 
 ) ) Securities collateral: (5) 
 OTC-bilateral 
 ) ) ) ) OTC-cleared 
 ) ) Exchange-traded 
 ) ) Net amount after application of master netting agreements and collateral 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, derivative assets included income (expense) accruals reported in accrued investment income or in other liabilities of million and million, respectively, and derivative liabilities included (income) expense accruals reported in accrued investment income or in other liabilities of and million, respectively. 
 239 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Derivatives (continued) 

 million and million, respectively, and provided excess cash collateral of million and million, respectively, which is not included in the table above due to the foregoing limitation. 
 (5) Securities collateral received by the Company is held in separate custodial accounts and is not recorded on the balance sheet. Subject to certain constraints, the Company is permitted by contract to sell or re-pledge this collateral, but at December 31, 2022, of the collateral had been sold or re-pledged. Securities collateral pledged by the Company is reported in fixed maturity securities AFS on the balance sheet. Subject to certain constraints, the counterparties are permitted by contract to sell or re-pledge this collateral. The amount of securities collateral offset in the table above is limited to the net estimated fair value of derivatives after application of netting agreements and cash collateral. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received excess securities collateral with an estimated fair value of million and million, respectively, for its OTC-bilateral derivatives, which are not included in the table above due to the foregoing limitation. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company provided excess securities collateral with an estimated fair value of billion and million, respectively, for its OTC-bilateral derivatives, billion and billion, respectively, for its OTC-cleared derivatives, and million and million, respectively, for its exchange-traded derivatives, which are not included in the table above due to the foregoing limitation. 
 The Company s collateral arrangements for its OTC-bilateral derivatives generally require the counterparty in a net liability position, after considering the effect of netting agreements, to pledge collateral when the collateral amount owed by that counterparty reaches a minimum transfer amount. Substantially all of the Company s netting agreements for derivatives contain provisions that require both the Company and the counterparty to maintain a specific investment grade credit rating from each of Moody s and S P. If a party s credit or financial strength rating, as applicable, were to fall below that specific investment grade credit rating, that party would be in violation of these provisions, and the other party to the derivatives could terminate the transactions and demand immediate settlement and payment based on such party s reasonable valuation of the derivatives. A small number of these arrangements also include credit-contingent provisions that include a threshold above which collateral must be posted. Such agreements provide for a reduction of these thresholds (on a sliding scale that converges toward zero) in the event of downgrades in the credit ratings of MetLife, Inc. and/or the counterparty. At December 31, 2022, the amount of collateral not provided by the Company due to the existence of these thresholds was million. 
 240 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 9. Derivatives (continued) 

 Estimated fair value of collateral provided: Fixed maturity securities AFS 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) After taking into consideration the existence of netting agreements. 

Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts: Direct guaranteed minimum benefits Policyholder account balances Assumed guaranteed minimum benefits Policyholder account balances Funds withheld on ceded reinsurance 
 Other liabilities ) Fixed annuities with equity indexed returns Policyholder account balances Other guarantees Policyholder account balances Total 
 241 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

242 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

 Foreign corporate 
 Foreign government 
 U.S. government and agency 
 RMBS 
 ABS CLO Municipals 
 CMBS 
 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 
 Equity securities 
 Unit-linked and FVO Securities (1) Short-term investments (2) Residential mortgage loans FVO 
 Other investments 
 Derivative assets: (3) Interest rate 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Credit 
 Equity market 
 Total derivative assets 
 Embedded derivatives within asset host contracts (4) Separate account assets (5) Total assets (6) Liabilities 
 Derivative liabilities: (3) Interest rate 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Credit 
 Equity market 
 Total derivative liabilities 
 Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts (4) Separate account liabilities (5) Total liabilities 
 
 243 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

 Foreign corporate 
 Foreign government 
 U.S. government and agency 
 RMBS 
 ABS CLO Municipals CMBS 
 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 
 Equity securities 
 Unit-linked and FVO Securities (1) Short-term investments (2) Residential mortgage loans FVO 
 Other investments 
 Derivative assets: (3) Interest rate 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Credit 
 Equity market 
 Total derivative assets 
 Embedded derivatives within asset host contracts (4) Separate account assets (5) Total assets (6) Liabilities 
 Derivative liabilities: (3) Interest rate 
 Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Credit 
 Equity market 
 Total derivative liabilities 
 Embedded derivatives within liability host contracts (4) Separate account liabilities (5) Total liabilities 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Unit-linked and FVO Securities were primarily comprised of Unit-linked investments at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (2) Short-term investments as presented in the tables above differ from the amounts presented on the consolidated balance sheets because certain short-term investments are not measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis. 
 (3) Derivative assets are presented within other invested assets on the consolidated balance sheets and derivative liabilities are presented within other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The amounts are presented gross in the tables above to reflect the presentation on the consolidated balance sheets, but are presented net for purposes of the rollforward in the Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) tables. 
 244 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

 million and million, respectively. 
 (7) Excludes amounts reclassified to assets held-for-sale or liabilities held-for-sale. Assets held-for-sale and liabilities held-for-sale are valued on a basis consistent with similar assets and liabilities described herein. See Note 3 for information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 
 245 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

246 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

 247 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

 248 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

 249 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

 250 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

- - Increase Market pricing 
 
 Quoted prices (4) 
 - - Increase Consensus pricing 
 
 Offered quotes (4) 
 - - Increase RMBS 
 Market pricing 
 
 Quoted prices (4) 
 - - Increase (5) ABS CLO Market pricing 
 
 Quoted prices (4) 
 - - Increase (5) Derivatives 
 Interest rate 
 Present value techniques 
 
 Swap yield (6) 
 - - Increase (7) 
 Volatility (8) - - Increase (7) Foreign currency exchange rate 
 Present value techniques 
 
 Swap yield (6) 
 - - Increase (7) Credit 
 Present value techniques 
 
 Credit spreads (9) - - Decrease (7) Consensus pricing 
 
 Offered quotes (10) Embedded derivatives Direct, assumed and ceded guaranteed minimum benefits 
 Option pricing techniques 
 
 Mortality rates: 
 Ages 0 - 40 
 - - Decrease (11) Ages 41 - 60 
 - - Decrease (11) Ages 61 - 115 
 - - Decrease (11) 
 Lapse rates: 
 Durations 1 - 10 
 - - Decrease (12) Durations 11 - 20 
 - - Decrease (12) Durations 21 - 116 
 - - Decrease (12) 
 Utilization rates 
 - - Increase (13) 
 Withdrawal rates 
 - - (14) 
 Long-term equity volatilities 
 - - Increase (15) 
 Nonperformance risk spread 
 - - Decrease (16) 
 __________________ 
 251 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

 252 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

 All other classes of securities classified within Level 3, including those within Unit-linked and FVO Securities, Other investments, separate account assets, and embedded derivatives within funds withheld related to certain ceded reinsurance, use the same valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs as previously described for Level 3 securities. Generally, all other classes of assets and liabilities classified within Level 3 that are not included above use the same valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs as previously described for Level 3. The sensitivity of the estimated fair value to changes in the significant unobservable inputs for these other assets and liabilities is similar in nature to that described in the preceding table. The valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement for the more significant assets measured at estimated fair value on a nonrecurring basis and determined using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) are summarized in Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements. 
 253 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

 Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) (1), (2) ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI ) ) ) Purchases (3) Sales (3) ) ) ) ) ) Issuances (3) Settlements (3) Transfers into Level 3 (4) Transfers out of Level 3 (4) ) ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) (1), (2) ) ) ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI ) ) ) Purchases (3) Sales (3) ) ) ) ) ) Issuances (3) Settlements (3) Transfers into Level 3 (4) Transfers out of Level 3 (4) ) ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) for the instruments still held at December 31, 2020 (5) 
 ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) for the instruments still held at December 31, 2021 (5) 
 ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) for the instruments still held at December 31, 2022 (5) 
 ) ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI for the instruments still held at December 31, 2020 (5) 
 ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI for the instruments still held at December 31, 2021 (5) 
 ) ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI for the instruments still held at December 31, 2022 (5) 
 ) ) ) Gains (Losses) Data for the year ended December 31, 2020: Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) (1), (2) ) ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI ) 
 254 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

 ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) (1), (2) ) ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI ) ) Purchases (3) Sales (3) ) ) ) ) Issuances (3) ) ) Settlements (3) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 (4) Transfers out of Level 3 (4) ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) (1), (2) ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI ) Purchases (3) Sales (3) ) ) ) ) Issuances (3) ) ) Settlements (3) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 (4) Transfers out of Level 3 (4) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2020 (5) 
 ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2021 (5) 
 ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2022 (5) 
 Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2020 (5) 
 ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2021 (5) 
 ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI for the instruments still held at 
 December 31, 2022 (5) 
 ) Gains (Losses) Data for the year ended December 31, 2020: Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) (1), (2) ) ) ) Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in AOCI ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Amortization of premium/accretion of discount is included within net investment income. Impairments and changes in ACL charged to net income (loss) on certain securities are included in net investment gains (losses), while changes in estimated fair value of Unit-linked and FVO Securities and residential mortgage loans FVO are included in net investment income. Lapses associated with net embedded derivatives are included in net derivative gains (losses). Substantially all realized/unrealized gains (losses) included in net income (loss) for net derivatives and net embedded derivatives are reported in net derivative gains (losses). 
 255 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

Difference between estimated fair value and unpaid principal balance ) Carrying value at estimated fair value 
 Loans in nonaccrual status Loans more than 90 days past due Loans in nonaccrual status or more than 90 days past due, or both difference between aggregate estimated fair value and unpaid principal balance 
 ) 
 
 Other assets (2) 
 
 256 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) ) ) Other assets (2) 
 ) ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Estimated fair values for impaired mortgage loans are based on estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. 
 (2) The Company recognized impairments related to the abandonment of certain leased office space and the related leasehold improvements. 
 
 Policy loans 
 Other invested assets 
 Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables 
 Other assets 
 Liabilities 
 Policyholder account balances 
 Long-term debt 
 Collateral financing arrangement 
 Junior subordinated debt securities 
 Other liabilities 
 Separate account liabilities 
 
 257 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 10. Fair Value (continued) 

 Policy loans Other invested assets Premiums, reinsurance and other receivables Other assets Liabilities Policyholder account balances Long-term debt Collateral financing arrangement Junior subordinated debt securities Other liabilities Separate account liabilities 
 _________________ 
 
 (2) Excludes amounts reclassified to assets held-for-sale or liabilities held-for-sale. See Note 3 for information on the Company s business dispositions. 

to years. The remaining lease terms for the subleases are less than to . 
 ROU Assets and Lease Liabilities 
 Lease liabilities 
 Lease Costs 
 Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Net lease cost 
 The Company recognized lease ROU asset impairment charges of million, million, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 258 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 11. Leases (continued) 

 ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term years years Weighted-average discount rate 
 Maturities of Lease Liabilities 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Total undiscounted cash flows 
 Less: interest Present value of lease liability 
 
 See Notes 8 and 13 for information about the Company s investments in leased real estate, leveraged and direct financing leases, and financing lease obligations. 
 259 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Accumulated impairment ) ) Total goodwill, net 
 Acquisitions (2) Effect of foreign currency translation and other 
 Reclassified to assets held-for-sale (3) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Goodwill 
 Accumulated impairment 
 ) ) Total goodwill, net 
 Effect of foreign currency translation and other ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Goodwill 
 Accumulated impairment 
 ) ) Total goodwill, net 
 Acquisitions Effect of foreign currency translation and other 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Goodwill 
 Accumulated impairment 
 ) ) Total goodwill, net 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes goodwill of billion, billion and billion from the Company s Japan operations at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Primarily related to the acquisition of Versant Health. See Note 3. 
 (3) See Note 3 for information on the disposition of MetLife P C. 
 260 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

- 2023 - 2052 ) ) Surplus notes 
 - 2024 - 2025 ) ) Other notes 
 - 2023 - 2027 ) ) Financing lease obligations Total long-term debt 
 ) ) Total short-term debt 
 Total 
 ) ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Range of interest rates and weighted average interest rates are for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The aggregate maturities of long-term debt at December 31, 2022 for the next five years and thereafter are billion in 2023, billion in 2024, billion in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027 and billion thereafter. 
 Financing lease obligations are collateralized and rank highest in priority, followed by unsecured senior notes and other notes, followed by subordinated debt which consists of junior subordinated debt securities (see Note 15). Payments of interest and principal on the Company s surplus notes, which are subordinate to all other obligations of the operating company issuing the notes and are senior to obligations of MetLife, Inc., may be made only with the prior approval of the insurance department of the state of domicile of the notes issuer. The Company s collateral financing arrangement (see Note 14) is supported by surplus notes of a subsidiary and, accordingly, has priority consistent with surplus notes. 
 Certain of the Company s debt instruments and committed facilities, as well as its billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility ), contain various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. The Company believes it was in compliance with all applicable financial covenants at December 31, 2022. 
 Senior Notes 
 In July 2022, MetLife, Inc. issued billion of senior notes due July 2052 which bear interest at a fixed rate of , payable semi-annually. In connection with the issuance, MetLife, Inc. incurred million of related costs which will be amortized over the term of the senior notes. 
 In July 2021, MetLife, Inc. redeemed for cash and canceled million aggregate principal amount of its outstanding senior notes due December 2022. The Company recorded a premium of million paid in excess of the debt principal and accrued and unpaid interest to other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 In March 2020, MetLife, Inc. issued billion of senior notes due March 2030 which bear interest at a fixed rate of , the interest on which is payable semi-annually. In connection with the issuance, MetLife, Inc. incurred million of related costs which will be amortized over the term of the senior notes. 
 See Note 22 for information on MetLife, Inc. s senior notes issuance and senior notes redemption subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 Other Notes 
 At December 31, 2022, MetLife Private Equity Holdings, LLC MPEH ), a wholly-owned indirect investment subsidiary of MLIC, was party to a credit agreement providing for million of term loans and million of a revolving loan (the Credit Agreement ), which matures in September 2026. In March 2020, MPEH borrowed million on a revolving loan under the Credit Agreement and repaid this loan in July 2020. Simultaneously, in July 2020, MPEH borrowed million on the term loan under the Credit Agreement. MPEH has pledged invested assets to secure the loans; however, these loans are non-recourse to MLIC and MetLife, Inc. 
 261 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 13. Long-term and Short-term Debt (continued) 

 Short-term borrowings (1) Total short-term debt Average daily balance 
 Average days outstanding 
 days days 
 __________________ 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of short-term debt related to repurchase agreements, secured by assets of subsidiaries. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the weighted average interest rate on short-term debt was , and , respectively. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense included in other expenses was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Such amounts do not include interest expense on long-term debt related to the collateral financing arrangement or junior subordinated debt securities. See Notes 14 and 15. 
 Credit and Committed Facilities 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company maintained the Credit Facility, as well as certain committed facilities aggregating billion (the Committed Facilities ). When drawn upon, these facilities bear interest at varying rates in accordance with the respective agreements. 
 Credit Facility 
 The Company s Credit Facility is used for general corporate purposes, to support the borrowers commercial paper programs and for the issuance of letters of credit. Total fees associated with the Credit Facility were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were included in other expenses. 
 February 2026 (1) 
 __________________ 
 (1) All borrowings under the Credit Facility must be repaid by February 26, 2026, except that letters of credit outstanding upon termination may remain outstanding until February 26, 2027. 
 262 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 13. Long-term and Short-term Debt (continued) 

 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 November 2026 (1), (2) December 2037 (1), (3) Total 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) MetLife, Inc. is a guarantor under the applicable facility. 
 (2) The issuance of additional letters of credit is at the discretion of the counterparty. 
 (3) Capacity at December 31, 2022 of billion increases periodically to a maximum of billion in 2024, decreases periodically commencing in 2025 to billion in 2037, and decreases to at expiration in December 2037. Unused commitment of million is based on maximum capacity. At December 31, 2022, Brighthouse Financial, Inc. and its subsidiaries Brighthouse ), a former subsidiary of MetLife, Inc., is a beneficiary of billion of letters of credit issued under this facility and, in consideration, Brighthouse reimburses MetLife, Inc. for a portion of the letter of credit fees. 
 In addition to the Committed Facilities, see also Other Notes for information on the Credit Agreement. 

Receivable from unaffiliated financial institution (1) 
 Pledged collateral (2) 
 Assets held in trust (2) 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Carrying value. 
 (2) Estimated fair value. 
 Interest expense on the collateral financing arrangement was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is included in other expenses. 
 In December 2007, MLIC reinsured a portion of its closed block liabilities to MetLife Reinsurance Company of Charleston MRC ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of MetLife, Inc. In connection with this transaction, MRC issued, to investors placed by an unaffiliated financial institution, billion in aggregate principal amount of -year surplus notes to provide statutory reserve support for the assumed closed block liabilities. Interest on the surplus notes accrues at an annual rate of three-month LIBOR plus 0.55 , payable quarterly. The ability of MRC to make interest and principal payments on the surplus notes is contingent upon South Carolina regulatory approval. 
 263 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 14. Collateral Financing Arrangement (continued) 

 in exchange for the payment of , payable quarterly on such amount as adjusted, as described below. MetLife, Inc. may also be required to pledge collateral or make payments to the unaffiliated financial institution related to any decline in the estimated fair value of the surplus notes. Any such payments are accounted for as a receivable and included in other assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheets and do not reduce the principal amount outstanding of the surplus notes. Such payments, however, reduce the amount of interest payments due from MetLife, Inc. under the agreement. Any payment received from the unaffiliated financial institution reduces the receivable by an amount equal to such payment and also increases the amount of interest payments due from MetLife, Inc. under the agreement. In addition, the unaffiliated financial institution may be required to pledge collateral to MetLife, Inc. related to any increase in the estimated fair value of the surplus notes. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, following regulatory approval, MRC repurchased million, million and million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of the surplus notes. Payments made by the Company in 2022, 2021 and 2020 associated with the repurchases were exclusive of accrued interest on the surplus notes. In connection with the repurchases for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company received payments in the aggregate amount of million, million and million, respectively, from the unaffiliated financial institution, which reduced the amount receivable from the unaffiliated financial institution by the same amounts. No other payments related to an increase or decrease in the estimated fair value of the surplus notes were made by MetLife, Inc. or received from the unaffiliated financial institution for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 A majority of the proceeds from the offering of the surplus notes was placed in a trust, which is consolidated by the Company, to support MRC s statutory obligations associated with the assumed closed block liabilities. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, MRC transferred million and million, respectively, to the trust out of its general account. For the year ended December 31, 2020, MRC transferred million out of the trust to its general account. The assets are principally invested in fixed maturity securities AFS and are presented as such within the Company s consolidated balance sheets, with the related income included within net investment income on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 

December 2036 December 2066 ) ) MetLife Capital Trust IV (3) December 2007 December 2037 December 2067 ) ) MetLife, Inc. April 2008 April 2038 April 2068 ) ) MetLife, Inc. July 2009 August 2039 August 2069 ) ) Total ) ) 
 _________________ 
 (1) Prior to the scheduled redemption date, interest is payable semiannually in arrears. 
 264 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 15. Junior Subordinated Debt Securities (continued) 

 plus the indicated margin, payable quarterly in arrears. On March 5, 2021, the Intercontinental Exchange Benchmark Administration, the administrator of LIBOR, announced that it will cease the publication of three-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR at the end of June 2023. Existing contract fallback provisions, and whether, how, and when the Company develops and adopts alternative reference rates, will influence the effect of any changes to or discontinuation of LIBOR on the Company. 
 (3) MetLife Capital Trust IV is a VIE which is consolidated on the financial statements of the Company. The securities issued by this entity are exchangeable surplus trust securities, which are exchangeable for a like amount of MetLife, Inc. s junior subordinated debt securities on the scheduled redemption date, mandatorily under certain circumstances, and at any time upon MetLife, Inc. exercising its option to redeem the securities. 
 
 senior notes due 2035 (the Senior Notes ). As a result of the issuance of MetLife, Inc. s Fixed-to-Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2069 (the JSDs ), the JSDs became the Covered Debt with respect to, and in accordance with, the terms of the RCC relating to MetLife, Inc. s Fixed-to-Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2066. The Senior Notes continue to be the Covered Debt with respect to, and in accordance with, the terms of the RCCs relating to each of MetLife Capital Trust IV s Fixed-to-Floating Rate Exchangeable Surplus Trust Securities, MetLife, Inc. s Fixed-to-Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Debentures and the JSDs. MetLife, Inc. also entered into a replacement capital obligation which will commence during the six-month period prior to the scheduled redemption date of each of the securities described above and under which MetLife, Inc. must use reasonable commercial efforts to raise replacement capital to permit repayment of the securities through the issuance of certain qualifying capital securities. 
 Interest expense on outstanding junior subordinated debt securities was million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, which is included in other expenses. 
 265 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Series D preferred stock 
 Series E preferred stock 
 Series F preferred stock Series G preferred stock Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock 
 Not designated 
 Total 
 
 In May 2021, MetLife, Inc. delivered a notice of redemption to the holders of MetLife, Inc. s 5.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C (the Series C preferred stock pursuant to which it would redeem the remaining shares of Series C preferred stock at a redemption price of per share. In connection with the redemption, MetLife, Inc. recognized a preferred stock redemption premium of million (calculated as the difference between the carrying value of the Series C preferred stock and the total amount paid by MetLife, Inc. to the holders of the Series C preferred stock in connection with the redemption), which was recorded as a reduction of retained earnings at June 30, 2021. All outstanding shares of Series C preferred stock were redeemed on the dividend payment date of June 15, 2021 for an aggregate redemption price of million in cash. 
 In June 2021, MetLife, Inc. filed a Certificate of Elimination (the Certificate of Elimination of Series C preferred stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to eliminate all references to the Series C preferred stock in MetLife, Inc. s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), including the related Certificate of Designations. As a result of the filing of the Certificate of Elimination, MetLife, Inc. s Certificate of Incorporation was amended to eliminate all references therein to the Series C preferred stock, and the shares that were designated to such series were returned to the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, par value per share, of MetLife, Inc., without designation as to series. The Certificate of Elimination does not affect the total number of authorized shares of capital stock of MetLife, Inc. or the total number of authorized shares of preferred stock. 
 In September 2020, MetLife, Inc. delivered a notice of partial redemption to the holders of the Series C preferred stock pursuant to which it would redeem of its shares of Series C preferred stock at a redemption price of per share, plus an amount equal to accrued but unpaid dividends on the Series C preferred stock to, but excluding, October 10, 2020, the redemption date. In connection with the redemption, MetLife, Inc. recognized a preferred stock redemption premium of million (calculated as the difference between the carrying value of the Series C preferred stock and the total amount paid by MetLife, Inc. to the holders of the Series C preferred stock in connection with the redemption). In October 2020, MetLife, Inc. redeemed and canceled shares of Series C preferred stock for an aggregate redemption price of billion in cash. 
 In September 2020, MetLife, Inc. issued shares of Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G (the Series G preferred stock with a par value per share and a liquidation preference of per share, for aggregate net proceeds of million. In connection with the offering of the Series G preferred stock, MetLife, Inc. incurred approximately million of issuance costs which have been recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. 
 In January 2020, MetLife, Inc. issued shares of Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F (the Series F preferred stock with a par value per share and a liquidation preference of per share, for aggregate net proceeds of million. MetLife, Inc. deposited the Series F preferred stock under a deposit agreement with a depositary, which issued interests in fractional shares of the Series F preferred stock in the form of depositary shares Series F Depositary Shares evidenced by depositary receipts; each Series F Depositary Share representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of the Series F preferred stock. In connection with the offering of the Series F Depositary Shares, MetLife, Inc. incurred approximately million of issuance costs which have been recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. 
 266 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) 

 , payable quarterly in March, June, September and December 
 D from issuance date to, but excluding, March 15, 2028, payable semiannually in March and September; payable quarterly in March, June, September and December, thereafter 
 E from issuance date, payable quarterly in March, June, September and December 
 F from issuance date, payable quarterly in March, June, September and December, commencing in June 2020 
 G from issuance date, but excluding, September 15, 2025, payable semiannually in March and September commencing in March 2021; payable semiannually in March and September, thereafter 
 
 In the table above, dividends on each series of preferred stock are payable in arrears for the periods specified, if declared. 
 MetLife, Inc. is prohibited from declaring dividends on the Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A (the Series A preferred stock if it fails to meet specified capital adequacy, net income and stockholders equity levels. See Dividend Restrictions MetLife, Inc. 
 Holders of the preferred stock do not have voting rights except in certain circumstances, including where the dividends have not been paid for a specified number of dividend payment periods whether or not those periods are consecutive. Under such circumstances, the holders of the preferred stock have certain voting rights with respect to members of the Board of Directors of MetLife, Inc. 
 The preferred stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, retirement fund, purchase fund or similar provisions. 
 The Series A preferred stock is redeemable at MetLife, Inc. s option in whole or in part, at a redemption price of per share of Series A preferred stock, plus declared and unpaid dividends. 
 MetLife, Inc. may, at its option, redeem the Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D (the Series D preferred stock ), (i) in whole but not in part at any time prior to March 15, 2028, within 90 days after the occurrence of a rating agency event, at a redemption price equal to per share of Series D preferred stock, plus an amount equal to any dividends per share that have accrued but have not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, such redemption date; (ii) in whole but not in part, at any time prior to March 15, 2028, within 90 days after the occurrence of a regulatory capital event; and (iii) in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, on or after March 15, 2028, in the case of (ii) or (iii), at a redemption price equal to per share of Series D preferred stock, plus an amount equal to any dividends per share that have accrued but have not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, such redemption date. 
 MetLife, Inc. may, at its option, redeem the Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E (the Series E preferred stock ), (i) in whole but not in part at any time prior to June 15, 2023, within 90 days after the occurrence of a rating agency event, at a redemption price equal to per share of Series E preferred stock (equivalent to per depositary share, each Series E depositary share representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of the Series E preferred stock Series E Depositary Share )), plus an amount equal to any dividends per share that have accrued but have not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, such redemption date; (ii) in whole but not in part, at any time prior to June 15, 2023, within 90 days after the occurrence of a regulatory capital event; and (iii) in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, on or after June 15, 2023, in the case of (ii) or (iii), at a redemption price equal to per share of 
 267 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) 

 per Series E Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any dividends per share that have accrued but have not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, such redemption date. 
 MetLife, Inc. may, at its option, redeem the Series F preferred stock, (i) in whole but not in part at any time prior to March 15, 2025, within 90 days after the occurrence of a rating agency event, at a redemption price equal to per share of Series F preferred stock (equivalent to per Series F Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends per share that have accrued but have not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, the redemption date, (ii) in whole but not in part, at any time prior to March 15, 2025, within 90 days after the occurrence of a regulatory capital event; and (iii) in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, on or after March 15, 2025, in the case of (ii) or (iii), at a redemption price equal to per share of Series F preferred stock (equivalent to per Series F Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any dividends per share that have accrued but have not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, such redemption date. 
 MetLife, Inc. may, at its option, redeem the Series G preferred stock, (a) in whole but not in part, at any time, within 90 days after the conclusion of any review or appeal process instituted by the Company following the occurrence of a rating agency event or, in the absence of any such review or appeal process, from such rating agency event, at a redemption price equal to per share of Series G preferred stock, plus an amount equal to any dividends per share that have accrued but have not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, such redemption date and (b)(i) in whole but not in part, at any time, within 90 days after the occurrence of a regulatory capital event, or (ii) in whole or in part, on any dividend payment date, on or after September 15, 2025, in each case, at a redemption price equal to per share of Series G preferred stock, plus an amount equal to any dividends per share that have accrued but have not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, such redemption date. 
 A rating agency event means that any nationally recognized statistical rating organization that then publishes a rating for MetLife, Inc. amends, clarifies or changes the criteria used to assign equity credit to securities like the Series D preferred stock, Series E preferred stock, Series F preferred stock or Series G preferred stock, which results in the lowering of the equity credit assigned to the security, or shortens the length of time that the security is assigned a particular level of equity credit. A regulatory capital event could occur as a result of a change or proposed change in laws, rules, regulations or regulatory standards, including capital adequacy rules (or the interpretation or application thereof) of the United States or any political subdivision thereof, including any capital regulator, including but not limited to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board ), the Federal Insurance Office, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC or any state insurance regulator as may then have group-wide oversight of MetLife, Inc. s regulatory capital, from those laws, rules, regulations or regulatory standards (or the interpretation or application thereof) in effect as of March 22, 2018, in the case of the Series D preferred stock, June 4, 2018, in the case of the Series E preferred stock, January 15, 2020, in the case of the Series F preferred stock, or September 10, 2020, in the case of the Series G preferred stock, that would create a more than insubstantial risk, as determined by MetLife, Inc., that the security would not be treated as Tier 1 capital or as capital with attributes similar to those of Tier 1 capital, except that a regulatory capital event will not include a change or proposed change (or the interpretation or application thereof) that would result in the adoption of any criteria substantially the same as the criteria in the capital adequacy rules of the Federal Reserve Board applicable to bank holding companies as of March 22, 2018, in the case of the Series D preferred stock, June 4, 2018, in the case of the Series E preferred stock, January 15, 2020, in the case of the Series F preferred stock, or September 10, 2020, in the case of the Series G preferred stock. 
 
 268 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) 

 C (1) D E F G Total 
 __________________ 
 (1) Dividends were paid through the dividend payment date of June 15, 2021, when all outstanding shares of Series C preferred stock were redeemed and eliminated. 
 Common Stock 
 Issuances 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, MetLife, Inc. issued shares, shares and shares of its common stock for million, million and million, respectively, in connection with stock option exercises and other stock-based awards. There were shares of common stock issued from treasury stock for any of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Repurchase Authorizations 
 August 4, 2021 December 11, 2020 
 Under these authorizations, MetLife, Inc. may purchase its common stock from the MetLife Policyholder Trust, in the open market (including pursuant to the terms of a pre-set trading plan meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), and in privately negotiated transactions. Common stock repurchases are subject to the discretion of MetLife, Inc. s Board of Directors and will depend upon the Company s capital position, liquidity, financial strength and credit ratings, general market conditions, the market price of MetLife, Inc. s common stock compared to management s assessment of the stock s underlying value, applicable regulatory approvals, and other legal and accounting factors. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, MetLife, Inc. repurchased shares, shares and shares under these repurchase authorizations for billion, billion, and billion, respectively. At December 31, 2021, million of the aforementioned 2021 share repurchases were included in other liabilities, and settled in 2022. At December 31, 2022, MetLife, Inc. had billion remaining under its May 2022 common stock repurchase authorization. 
 269 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) 

 billion, billion and billion, respectively. The payment of dividends by MetLife, Inc. to its shareholders is subject to restrictions. See Dividend Restrictions MetLife, Inc. 
 The funding of the cash dividends and operating expenses of MetLife, Inc. is primarily provided by cash dividends from MetLife, Inc. s insurance subsidiaries. The statutory capital and surplus, or net assets, of MetLife, Inc. s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions except to the extent that dividends are allowed to be paid in a given year without prior regulatory approval. Dividends exceeding these limitations can generally be made subject to regulatory approval. The nature and amount of these dividend restrictions, as well as the statutory capital and surplus of MetLife, Inc. s U.S. insurance subsidiaries, are disclosed in Statutory Equity and Income and Dividend Restrictions Insurance Operations. MetLife, Inc. s principal non-U.S. insurance operations are branches or subsidiaries of American Life Insurance Company American Life ), a U.S. insurance subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 . 
 MetLife recognizes compensation expense related to each award under the 2005 Stock Plan or 2015 Stock Plan in one of two ways: 
 For cash-settled awards and the Performance Shares granted in 2018, MetLife remeasures the compensation expense quarterly. 
 For other awards, MetLife recognizes an expense based on the number of awards it expects to vest, which represents the awards granted less expected forfeitures over the life of the award, as estimated at the date of grant. Unless MetLife observes a material deviation from the assumed forfeiture rate during the term in which the awards are expensed, MetLife recognizes any adjustment necessary to reflect differences in actual experience in the period the award becomes payable or exercisable. 
 Compensation expense related to awards under the 2005 Stock Plan principally relates to the issuance of Stock Options. Under the 2015 Stock Plan, compensation expense principally relates to Stock Options, Unit Options, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Units. MetLife, Inc. granted the majority of each year s awards under the 2005 Stock Plan and 2015 Stock Plan in the first quarter of the year. 
 Awards that have become payable in Shares but the issuance of which has been deferred Deferred Shares ), payable to employees or agents related to awards under all plans equaled Shares at December 31, 2022. 
 MetLife granted cash-settled awards based in whole or in part on the price of Shares or changes in the price of Shares Phantom Stock-Based Awards under the MetLife, Inc. International Unit Option Incentive Plan, the MetLife International Performance Unit Incentive Plan, and the MetLife International Restricted Unit Incentive Plan prior to 2015, and under the 2015 Stock Plan in 2015 and later. 
 Plans for Non-Management Directors 
 Under the MetLife, Inc. 2015 Non-Management Director Stock Compensation Plan (the 2015 Director Stock Plan ), MetLife, Inc. may grant non-management Directors of MetLife, Inc. awards in the form of nonqualified Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, or Stock-Based Awards (each, as applicable, as defined in the 2015 Director Stock Plan with reference to Shares). 
 270 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) 

 . 
 MetLife recognizes compensation expense related to awards under the 2015 Director Stock Plan based on the number of Shares awarded. 
 Deferred Shares payable to Directors related to awards under the 2005 Director Stock Plan, 2015 Director Stock Plan, or earlier applicable plans equaled Shares at December 31, 2022. 
 Performance Shares and Performance Units (1) 
 Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Units 
 Total compensation expense 
 Income tax benefit 
 
 __________________ 
 
 Performance Shares 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Equity Awards 
 Stock Options 
 Stock Options are the contingent right of award holders to purchase Shares at a stated price for a limited time. All Stock Options have an exercise price equal to the closing price of a Share reported on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE on the date of grant and have a maximum term of years. The majority of Stock Options that MetLife, Inc. has granted have become or will become exercisable at a rate of one-third of each award on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date. Other Stock Options have become or will become exercisable on the third anniversary of the grant date. Vesting is subject to continued service, except for employees who meet specified age and service criteria and in certain other limited circumstances. 
 271 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) 

 Granted 
 Exercised 
 ) Expired (2) 
 ) Forfeited (3) 
 ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 __________________ 
 (1) The intrinsic value of each Stock Option is the closing price on a particular date less the exercise price of the Stock Option, so long as the difference is greater than zero. The aggregate intrinsic value of all outstanding Stock Options is computed using the closing Share price on December 31, 2022 of and December 31, 2021 of , as applicable. 
 (2) Expired options were exercisable, but unexercised, as of their expiration date. 
 (3) Forfeited awards were either (a) unvested or unexercisable at the end of the awardholder s employment, where the awardholder did not meet the criteria for post-employment award continuation; or (b) held by awardholders the Company terminated from employment for cause as defined in the terms of the awards. 
 The Company s binomial lattice model incorporates the term of the Stock Options, expected exercise behavior and a post-vesting termination rate, or the rate at which vested options are exercised or expire prematurely due to termination of employment. From these factors, the model derives an expected life of the Stock Option. The model s exercise behavior is a multiple that reflects the ratio of stock price at the time of exercise over the exercise price of the Stock Option at the time the model expects holders to exercise. The model derives the exercise multiple from actual exercise activity. The model determines the post-vesting termination rate from actual exercise experience and expiration activity under the Incentive Plans. 
 272 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) 

 Risk-free rate of return 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected volatility 
 Exercise multiple 
 Post-vesting termination rate 
 Contractual term (years) 
 Expected life (years) 
 Weighted average exercise price of stock options granted 
 Weighted average fair value of stock options granted 
 
 Cash received from exercise of stock options 
 Income tax benefit realized from stock options exercised 
 
 Performance Shares 
 Performance Shares are units that, if they vest, are multiplied by a performance factor to produce a number of final Shares payable. MetLife accounts for Performance Shares as equity awards. MetLife, Inc. does not credit Performance Shares with dividend-equivalents for dividends paid on Shares. Performance Share awards normally vest in their entirety at the end of the three-year performance period. Vesting is subject to continued service, except for employees who meet specified age and service criteria and in certain other limited circumstances. 
 For awards granted for the 2018 2020 performance period, the vested Performance Shares will be multiplied by a performance factor of to that the MetLife, Inc. Compensation Committee will determine in its discretion (subject to MetLife, Inc. meeting threshold performance goals related to its adjusted income or total shareholder return). In doing so, the Compensation Committee may consider MetLife, Inc. s total shareholder return relative to the performance of its competitors and adjusted return on MetLife, Inc. s common stockholders equity relative to its financial plan. MetLife estimates the fair value of Performance Shares each quarter until they become payable. For awards granted for the 2019 2021 and later performance periods in progress through December 31, 2022, the vested Performance Shares will be multiplied by a performance factor of 0 to 175 that the MetLife, Inc. Compensation Committee will determine by (a) the Company s annual adjusted return on equity performance over the three-year period compared to the Company s three-year business plan goal; (b) the Company s total shareholder return over the same three-year period compared to a peer group of companies; and (c) a cap of 100 if the Company s total shareholder return for the three-year period is zero or less. The Compensation Committee will exclude the impact of a Significant Event from the Company s adjusted return on equity or the business plan goal, to the extent the Committee determines in its informed judgment that the event changed the adjusted return on equity performance factor component. Significant Events include accounting changes, business combinations, restructuring, nonrecurring tax events, common share issuance or repurchases, catastrophes, litigation and regulatory settlements, asbestos and environmental events, certain specified classes of non-coupon investments, and other significant nonrecurring, infrequent, or unusual items. 
 The performance factor for the 2019 - 2021 performance period was . 
 273 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) 

 Granted Forfeited (2) ) ) Payable (3) ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 
 __________________ 
 (1) Values for awards outstanding at January 1, 2022, represent weighted average number of awards multiplied by their fair value per Share at December 31, 2021. Otherwise, all values represent weighted average of number of awards multiplied by the fair value per Share at December 31, 2022. Fair value of Performance Shares and Restricted Stock Units on December 31, 2022 was equal to Grant Date fair value. 
 (2) Forfeited awards were either (a) unvested or unexercisable at the end of the awardholder s employment, where the awardholder did not meet the criteria for post-employment award continuation; or (b) held by awardholders the Company terminated from employment for cause as defined in the terms of the awards. 
 (3) Includes both Shares paid and Deferred Shares. 
 Performance Share amounts above represent aggregate awards at target, and do not reflect potential increases or decreases that may result from the performance factor. At December 31, 2022, the performance period for the 2020 2022 Performance Share grants was completed, but the performance factor had not yet been determined. Included in the immediately preceding table are outstanding Performance Shares to which the 2020 2022 performance factor will be applied. 
 Liability Awards (Phantom Stock-Based Awards) 
 Certain MetLife subsidiaries have a liability for Phantom Stock-Based Awards in the form of Unit Options, Performance Units, and/or Restricted Units. These Share-based cash settled awards are recorded as liabilities until MetLife makes payment. The fair value of unsettled or unvested liability awards is re-measured at the end of each reporting period based on the change in fair value of one Share. The liability and corresponding expense are adjusted accordingly until the award is settled. 
 274 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) 

 Granted 
 Exercised 
 ) Expired (1) 
 ) Forfeited (2) 
 ) ) Paid 
 ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 
 __________________ 
 (1) Expired options were exercisable, but unexercised, as of their expiration date. 
 (2) Forfeited awards were either (a) unvested or unexercisable at the end of the awardholder s employment, where the awardholder did not meet the criteria for post-employment award continuation; or (b) held by awardholders the Company terminated from employment for cause as defined in the terms of the awards. 
 275 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) 

 outstanding Performance Units to which the 2020 - 2022 performance factor will be applied. 
 
 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, all non-exempted U.S. insurance subsidiaries individually exceeded Company Action Level RBC for all periods presented. 
 MetLife, Inc. s foreign insurance operations are regulated by applicable authorities of the jurisdictions in which each entity operates and are subject to minimum capital and solvency requirements in those jurisdictions before corrective action commences. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the adjusted capital of American Life s insurance subsidiary in Japan, the Company s largest foreign insurance operation, was and , respectively, that would require corrective action. Excluding Japan, the aggregate required capital and surplus of the Company s other foreign insurance operations was billion and the aggregate actual regulatory capital and surplus of such operations was billion as of the date of the most recent required capital adequacy calculation for each jurisdiction. The Company s foreign insurance operations exceeded the minimum capital and solvency requirements as of the date of the most recent fiscal year-end capital adequacy calculation for each jurisdiction. 
 MetLife, Inc. s insurance subsidiaries prepare statutory-basis financial statements in accordance with statutory accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the insurance department of the state of domicile or applicable foreign jurisdiction. The NAIC has adopted the Codification of Statutory Accounting Principles Statutory Codification ). Statutory Codification is intended to standardize regulatory accounting and reporting to state insurance departments. However, statutory accounting principles continue to be established by individual state laws and permitted practices. Modifications by the various state insurance departments may impact the effect of Statutory Codification on the statutory capital and surplus of MetLife, Inc. s U.S. insurance subsidiaries. 
 Statutory accounting principles differ from GAAP primarily by charging policy acquisition costs to expense as incurred, establishing future policy benefit liabilities using different actuarial assumptions, reporting surplus notes as surplus instead of debt and valuing securities on a different basis. 
 In addition, certain assets are not admitted under statutory accounting principles and are charged directly to surplus. The most significant assets not admitted by the Company are net deferred income tax assets resulting from temporary differences between statutory accounting principles basis and tax basis not expected to reverse and become recoverable within three years. Further, statutory accounting principles do not give recognition to purchase accounting adjustments. MetLife, Inc. s U.S. insurance subsidiaries have no material state prescribed accounting practices, except as described below. 
 New York has adopted certain prescribed accounting practices, primarily consisting of the continuous Commissioners Annuity Reserve Valuation Method, which impacts deferred annuities, and the New York Special Considerations Letter, which mandates certain assumptions in asset adequacy testing. The collective impact of these prescribed accounting practices decreased the statutory capital and surplus of MLIC by billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, compared to what capital and surplus would have been had it been measured under NAIC guidance. 
 276 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) 

 American Life Insurance Company 
 Delaware Metropolitan Property and Casualty Insurance Company (1) Rhode Island N/A N/A Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company 
 Nebraska ) Other 
 Various 
 __________________ 
 (1) See Note 3 for information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 Statutory capital and surplus was as follows at: 
 December 31, Company 2022 2021 (In millions) Metropolitan Life Insurance Company 
 American Life Insurance Company 
 Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company 
 Other 
 
 The Company s U.S. captive life reinsurance subsidiaries, which reinsure risks including the closed block, level premium term life and ULSG assumed from other MetLife subsidiaries, have no state prescribed accounting practices, except for MetLife Reinsurance Company of Vermont MRV ). 
 MRV, with the explicit permission of the Commissioner of Insurance of the State of Vermont, has included, as admitted assets, the value of letters of credit serving as collateral for reinsurance credit taken by various affiliated cedants, in connection with reinsurance agreements entered into between MRV and the various affiliated cedants, which resulted in higher statutory capital and surplus of billion at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. MRV s RBC would have triggered a regulatory event without the use of the state prescribed practice. 
 The combined statutory net income (loss) of MetLife, Inc. s U.S. captive life reinsurance subsidiaries was million, million and million for the years ended December 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and the combined statutory capital and surplus, including the aforementioned prescribed practice, was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 277 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) 

 American Life Insurance Company Metropolitan Property and Casualty Insurance Company N/A N/A (3) Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company 
 __________________ 
 (1) Reflects dividend amounts that may be paid by the end of 2023 without prior regulatory approval. 
 (2) Reflects all amounts paid, including those where regulatory approval was obtained as required. 
 (3) Consists of the stock of a subsidiary paid to MetLife, Inc. See Note 3 for information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 Under the New York State Insurance Law, MLIC is permitted, without prior insurance regulatory clearance, to pay stockholder dividends to MetLife, Inc. in any calendar year based on either of two standards. Under one standard, MLIC is permitted, without prior insurance regulatory clearance, to pay dividends out of earned surplus (defined as positive unassigned funds (surplus), excluding 85 of the change in net unrealized capital gains or losses (less capital gains tax), for the immediately preceding calendar year), in an amount up to the greater of: (i) 10 of its surplus to policyholders as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar year, or (ii) its statutory net gain from operations for the immediately preceding calendar year (excluding realized capital gains), not to exceed 30 of surplus to policyholders as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar year. In addition, under this standard, MLIC may not, without prior insurance regulatory clearance, pay any dividends in any calendar year immediately following a calendar year for which its net gain from operations, excluding realized capital gains, was negative. Under the second standard, if dividends are paid out of other than earned surplus, MLIC may, without prior insurance regulatory clearance, pay an amount up to the lesser of: (i) 10 of its surplus to policyholders as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar year, or (ii) its statutory net gain from operations for the immediately preceding calendar year (excluding realized capital gains). In addition, MLIC will be permitted to pay a dividend to MetLife, Inc. in excess of the amounts allowed under both standards only if it files notice of its intention to declare such a dividend and the amount thereof with the New York Superintendent of Financial Services (the Superintendent and the Superintendent either approves the distribution of the dividend or does not disapprove the dividend within 30 days of its filing. Under the New York State Insurance Law, the Superintendent has broad discretion in determining whether the financial condition of a stock life insurance company would support the payment of such dividends to its stockholder. 
 Under the Delaware Insurance Code, American Life is permitted, without prior insurance regulatory clearance, to pay a stockholder dividend to MetLife, Inc. as long as the amount of the dividend, when aggregated with all other dividends in the preceding 12 months, does not exceed the greater of: (i) 10 of its surplus to policyholders as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar year, or (ii) its statutory net gain from operations for the immediately preceding calendar year (excluding realized capital gains), not including pro rata distributions of American Life s own securities. American Life will be permitted to pay a dividend to MetLife, Inc. in excess of the greater of such two amounts only if it files notice of the declaration of such a dividend and the amount thereof with the Delaware Commissioner of Insurance (the Delaware Commissioner and the Delaware Commissioner either approves the distribution of the dividend or does not disapprove the dividend within 30 days of its filing. In addition, any dividend that exceeds earned surplus (defined as unassigned funds (surplus) as of the immediately preceding calendar year requires insurance regulatory approval. Under the Delaware Insurance Code, the Delaware Commissioner has broad discretion in determining whether the financial condition of a stock life insurance company would support the payment of such dividends to its stockholders. 
 278 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) 

 279 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) 

 ) ) OCI before reclassifications 
 Deferred income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) ) ) ) ) AOCI before reclassifications, net of income tax 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 ) ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of income tax 
 ) ) ) Sale of subsidiaries, net of income tax (1) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) OCI before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) ) AOCI before reclassifications, net of income tax 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of income tax 
 ) Sale of subsidiaries, net of income tax (1) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) OCI before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) ) AOCI before reclassifications, net of income tax 
 ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 Deferred income tax benefit (expense) 
 ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of income tax 
 Sale of subsidiaries, net of income tax (1) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) See Note 3 for information on the Company s business dispositions . 
 For information on offsets to investments related to policyholder liabilities, DAC, VOBA and DSI, see Net Unrealized Investment Gains (losses). 
 280 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) Net investment gains (losses) 
 Net unrealized investment gains (losses) 
 ) ) Net investment income 
 Net unrealized investment gains (losses) 
 Net derivative gains (losses) 
 Net unrealized investment gains (losses), before income tax 
 ) Income tax (expense) benefit 
 ) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses), net of income tax 
 ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives - cash flow hedges: 
 Interest rate derivatives 
 Net investment income 
 Interest rate derivatives 
 Net investment gains (losses) 
 Interest rate derivatives 
 Other expenses 
 Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives 
 Net investment income 
 Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives 
 ) ) Net investment gains (losses) 
 Foreign currency exchange rate derivatives 
 Other expenses 
 Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, before income tax 
 ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit 
 ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, net of income tax 
 ) ) Defined benefit plans adjustment: (1) 
 Amortization of net actuarial gains (losses) 
 ) ) ) Amortization of prior service (costs) credit 
 Amortization of defined benefit plan items, before income tax 
 ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit 
 Amortization of defined benefit plan items, net of income tax 
 ) ) ) Total reclassifications, net of income tax 
 ) ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) These AOCI components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit costs. See Note 18. 
 281 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 16. Equity (continued) Derivatives 
 Other Subtotal ) Amounts allocated from: Policyholder liabilities (1) ) ) ) DAC, VOBA and DSI ) ) Subtotal 
 ) ) Deferred income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) attributable to MetLife, Inc. ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes unearned revenue liabilities. 
 282 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Prepaid legal plans Fee-based investment management Recordkeeping and administrative services (2) Administrative services-only contracts Other revenue from service contracts from customers Total revenues from service contracts from customers 
 Other Total other revenues 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) For information regarding the Company s acquisition of Versant Health, see Note 3. 
 (2) Related to products and businesses no longer actively marketed by the Company. 
 Receivables related to revenues from service contracts from customers were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Third party staffing costs 
 General and administrative expenses 
 Pension, postretirement and postemployment benefit costs 
 Premium taxes, other taxes, and licenses fees 
 Commissions and other variable expenses 
 Capitalization of DAC 
 ) ) ) Amortization of DAC and VOBA 
 Amortization of negative VOBA 
 ) ) ) Interest expense on debt 
 Total other expenses 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for the net change in cash surrender value of investments in certain life insurance policies, net of premiums paid. 
 Capitalization of DAC and Amortization of DAC and VOBA 
 See Note 5 for additional information on DAC and VOBA including impacts of capitalization and amortization. See also Note 7 for a description of the DAC amortization impact associated with the closed block. 
 283 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 17. Other Revenues and Other Expenses (continued) 

In September 2018, the U.S. postretirement medical and life insurance benefit plans were amended, effective January 1, 2023, to discontinue the accrual of the employer subsidy credits for eligible employees. 
 Estimated fair value of plan assets 
 Over (under) funded status 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit costs 
 ) ) ) ) 
 284 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 18. Employee Benefit Plans (continued) 

 Service costs 
 Interest costs 
 Plan participants contributions 
 Plan amendments 
 Net actuarial (gains) losses (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Acquisition, divestitures, settlements and curtailments 
 ) ) Benefits paid 
 ) ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation 
 ) ) Benefit obligations at December 31, 
 Change in plan assets: 
 Estimated fair value of plan assets at January 1, 
 Actual return on plan assets 
 ) ) Acquisition, divestitures and settlements 
 ) ) ) Plan participants contributions 
 Employer contributions 
 ) Benefits paid 
 ) ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation 
 ) ) ) Estimated fair value of plan assets at December 31, 
 Over (under) funded status at December 31, 
 ) ) Amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheets: 
 Other assets 
 Other liabilities 
 ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized 
 ) ) AOCI: 
 Net actuarial (gains) losses 
 ) ) Prior service costs (credit) 
 ) ) AOCI, before income tax 
 ) ) Accumulated benefit obligation 
 N/A N/A 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes nonqualified unfunded plans, for which the aggregate PBO was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) For the year ended December 31, 2022, significant sources of actuarial (gains) losses for pension and other postretirement benefits include the impact of changes to the financial assumptions, primarily related to an increase in the discount rate, of billion and million, respectively, and plan experience of million and million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, significant sources of actuarial (gains) losses for pension and other postretirement benefits include the impact of changes to the financial assumptions of million and million, respectively, demographic assumptions of and million, respectively, and plan experience of million and million, respectively. 
 285 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 18. Employee Benefit Plans (continued) 

 N/A N/A Accumulated benefit obligations 
 N/A N/A Accumulated postretirement benefit obligations 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A Estimated fair value of plan assets 
 
 Net Periodic Benefit Costs 
 Interest costs Settlement and curtailment (gains) losses 
 ) Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial (gains) losses ) ) ) Amortization of prior service costs (credit) ) ) ) ) Total net periodic benefit costs (credit) 
 ) ) ) Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in OCI: 
 Net actuarial (gains) losses ) ) ) ) ) Prior service costs (credit) ) Amortization of net actuarial (gains) losses 
 ) ) ) Amortization of prior service costs (credit) 
 Settlement and curtailment (gains) losses 
 ) ) ) Exchange rate changes 
 ) ) Total recognized in OCI ) ) ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit costs and OCI 
 ) ) ) ) 
 286 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 18. Employee Benefit Plans (continued) 

 Weighted average interest crediting rate N/A Rate of compensation increase - N/A December 31, 2021 Weighted average discount rate Weighted average interest crediting rate N/A Rate of compensation increase - N/A 
 Assumptions used in determining net periodic benefit costs for the U.S. plans were as follows: 
 Pension Benefits Other Postretirement Benefits Year Ended December 31, 2022 Weighted average discount rate Weighted average interest crediting rate N/A Weighted average expected rate of return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase - N/A Year Ended December 31, 2021 Weighted average discount rate Weighted average interest crediting rate N/A Weighted average expected rate of return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase - N/A Year Ended December 31, 2020 Weighted average discount rate Weighted average interest crediting rate N/A Weighted average expected rate of return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase - N/A 
 The weighted average discount rate for the U.S. plans is determined annually based on the yield, measured on a yield to worst basis, of a hypothetical portfolio constructed of high quality debt instruments available on the measurement date, which would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the aggregate PBO when due. 
 The weighted average expected rate of return on plan assets for the U.S. plans is based on anticipated performance of the various asset sectors in which the plans invest, weighted by target allocation percentages. Anticipated future performance is based on long-term historical returns of the plan assets by sector, adjusted for the long-term expectations on the performance of the markets. While the precise expected rate of return derived using this approach will fluctuate from year to year, the policy is to hold this long-term assumption constant as long as it remains within reasonable tolerance from the derived rate. 
 The weighted average expected rate of return on plan assets for use in that plan s valuation in 2023 is currently anticipated to be for U.S. pension benefits and for U.S. other postretirement benefits. 
 The weighted average interest crediting rate is determined annually based on the plan selected rate, long-term financial forecasts of that rate and the demographics of the plan participants. 
 287 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 18. Employee Benefit Plans (continued) 

 Ultimate rate to which cost increase is assumed to decline 
 Year in which the ultimate trend rate is reached 
 
 Plan Assets 
 Certain U.S. subsidiaries provide employees with benefits under various Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA benefit plans. These include qualified pension plans, postretirement medical plans and certain retiree life insurance coverage. The assets of these U.S. subsidiaries qualified pension plans are held in an insurance group annuity contract, and the vast majority of the assets of the postretirement medical plan are held in a trust which largely utilizes insurance contracts to hold the assets. All of these contracts are issued by the Company s insurance affiliates, and the assets under the contracts are held in insurance separate accounts that have been established by the Company. The underlying assets of the separate accounts are principally comprised of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, fixed maturity securities AFS, equity securities, derivatives, real estate and private equity investments. The assets backing the retiree life coverage also utilize insurance contracts issued by the Company s insurance affiliate and are held in a general account Life Insurance Funding Agreement. 
 The insurance contract provider engages investment management firms Managers to serve as sub-advisors for the separate accounts based on the specific investment needs and requests identified by the plan fiduciary. These Managers have portfolio management discretion over the purchasing and selling of securities and other investment assets pursuant to the respective investment management agreements and guidelines established for each insurance separate account. The assets of the qualified pension plans and postretirement medical plans (the Invested Plans are well diversified across multiple asset categories and across a number of different Managers, with the intent of minimizing risk concentrations within any given asset category or with any of the given Managers. 
 The Invested Plans, other than those held in participant directed investment accounts, are managed in accordance with investment policies consistent with the longer-term nature of related benefit obligations and within prudent risk parameters. Specifically, investment policies are oriented toward (i) maximizing the Invested Plan s funded status; (ii) minimizing the volatility of the Invested Plan s funded status; (iii) generating asset returns that exceed liability increases; and (iv) targeting rates of return in excess of a custom benchmark and industry standards over appropriate reference time periods. These goals are expected to be met through identifying appropriate and diversified asset classes and allocations, ensuring adequate liquidity to pay benefits and expenses when due and controlling the costs of administering and managing the Invested Plan s investments. Independent investment consultants are periodically used to evaluate the investment risk of the Invested Plan s assets relative to liabilities, analyze the economic and portfolio impact of various asset allocations and management strategies and recommend asset allocations. 
 Derivative contracts may be used to reduce investment risk, to manage duration and to replicate the risk/return profile of an asset or asset class. Derivatives may not be used to leverage a portfolio in any manner, such as to magnify exposure to an asset, asset class, interest rates or any other financial variable. Derivatives are also prohibited for use in creating exposures to securities, currencies, indices or any other financial variable that is otherwise restricted. 
 288 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 18. Employee Benefit Plans (continued) 

 Equity securities (2) 
 Alternative securities (3) 
 Total assets 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) U.S. other postretirement benefits do not reflect postretirement life s plan assets invested in fixed maturity securities AFS. 
 (2) Equity securities percentage includes derivative assets. 
 (3) Alternative securities primarily include private equity and real estate funds. 
 Estimated Fair Value 
 The pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets are categorized into a three-level fair value hierarchy, as described in Note 10, based upon the significant input with the lowest level in its valuation. The Level 2 asset category includes certain separate accounts that are primarily invested in liquid and readily marketable securities. The estimated fair value of such separate accounts is based upon reported NAV provided by fund managers and this value represents the amount at which transfers into and out of the respective separate account are effected. These separate accounts provide reasonable levels of price transparency and can be corroborated through observable market data. Directly held investments are primarily invested in U.S. and foreign government and corporate securities. The Level 3 asset category includes separate accounts that are invested in assets that provide little or no price transparency due to the infrequency with which the underlying assets trade and generally require additional time to liquidate in an orderly manner. Accordingly, the values for separate accounts invested in these alternative asset classes are based on inputs that cannot be readily derived from or corroborated by observable market data. 
 289 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 18. Employee Benefit Plans (continued) 

 U.S. government bonds 
 Foreign bonds 
 Federal agencies 
 Municipals 
 Short-term investments 
 Other (1) 
 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 
 Equity securities 
 Other investments 
 Derivative assets 
 Total assets 
 
 December 31, 2021 Pension Benefits Other Postretirement Benefits Fair Value Hierarchy Fair Value Hierarchy Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Estimated Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Estimated Fair Value (In millions) Assets Fixed maturity securities AFS: 
 Corporate 
 U.S. government bonds 
 Foreign bonds 
 Federal agencies 
 Municipals 
 Short-term investments 
 Other (1) 
 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 
 Equity securities 
 Other investments 
 Derivative assets 
 Total assets 
 
 __________________ 
 290 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 18. Employee Benefit Plans (continued) 

Realized gains (losses) Unrealized gains (losses) Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net Transfers into and/or out of Level 3 Balance, December 31, 2021 Realized gains (losses) Unrealized gains (losses) ) Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net ) ) Transfers into and/or out of Level 3 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 Expected Future Contributions and Benefit Payments 
 It is the subsidiaries practice to make contributions to the U.S. qualified pension plan to comply with minimum funding requirements of ERISA. In accordance with such practice, no contributions are expected to be required for 2023. The subsidiaries do not expect to make any discretionary contributions to the qualified pension plan in 2023. For information on employer contributions, see Obligations and Funded Status. 
 Benefit payments due under the U.S. nonqualified pension plans are primarily funded from the subsidiaries general assets as they become due under the provisions of the plans, and therefore benefit payments equal employer contributions. The U.S. subsidiaries expect to make contributions of million to fund the benefit payments in 2023. 
 Postretirement benefits are either: (i) not vested under law; (ii) a non-funded obligation of the subsidiaries; or (iii) both. Current regulations do not require funding for these benefits. The subsidiaries use their general assets, net of participant s contributions, to pay postretirement medical claims as they come due. As permitted under the terms of the governing trust document, the subsidiaries may be reimbursed from plan assets for postretirement medical claims paid from their general assets. The U.S. subsidiaries expect to make contributions of million towards benefit obligations in 2023 to pay postretirement medical claims. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 291 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 18. Employee Benefit Plans (continued) 

 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

U.S. state and local 
 Non-U.S. 
 Subtotal 
 Deferred: 
 U.S. federal 
 ) U.S. state and local 
 ) Non-U.S. 
 ) ) Subtotal 
 ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 Non-U.S. 
 Total 
 
 292 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 19. Income Tax (continued) 

 Tax effect of: Dividend received deduction ) ) ) Tax-exempt income ) ) Prior year tax (1), (2) ) ) ) Low income housing tax credits ) ) ) Other tax credits ) ) ) Foreign tax rate differential (3), (4), (5) ) Change in valuation allowance ) Other, net ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) 
 __________________ 
 (1) As discussed further below, prior year tax primarily includes non-cash benefits related to uncertain tax positions of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) For the year ended December 31, 2020, prior year tax primarily includes a million tax benefit related to an Internal Revenue Service IRS audit matter. 
 (3) For the year ended December 31, 2022, foreign tax rate differential includes tax charges of million related to the U.S. tax on Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI of which million is a current year charge offset by a million tax benefit revising the 2021 estimate. 
 (4) For the year ended December 31, 2021, foreign tax rate differential includes tax charges of million related to the disposition of MetLife Poland and Greece, million related to the sale of MetLife Seguros and million related to the U.S. tax on GILTI, which included a million 2021 charge offset by a million tax benefit revising the 2020 estimate. See Note 3 for information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 (5) For the year ended December 31, 2020, foreign tax rate differential includes tax charges of million and million related to the sales of MetLife Seguros de Retiro and MetLife Russia, respectively, and million related to the U.S. tax on GILTI. See Note 3 for information on the Company s business dispositions. 
 293 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 19. Income Tax (continued) 

 Net operating loss carryforwards (1) 
 Employee benefits 
 Capital loss carryforwards 
 Tax credit carryforwards (2) 
 Net unrealized investment losses Litigation-related and government mandated 
 Other Total gross deferred income tax assets 
 Less: Valuation allowance (1) 
 Total net deferred income tax assets 
 Deferred income tax liabilities: 
 Investments, including derivatives 
 Intangibles 
 Net unrealized investment gains 
 DAC 
 Other Total deferred income tax liabilities 
 Net deferred income tax asset (liability) ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) The Company has recorded a deferred tax asset of million related to U.S. state and non-U.S. net operating loss carryforwards and an offsetting valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2022. Certain net operating loss carryforwards will expire between 2023 and 2042, whereas others have an unlimited carryforward period. 
 (2) Tax credit carryforwards for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily reflect general business credits expiring between 2039 and 2042 and are increased by million related to unrecognized tax benefits. 
 The Company has not provided for U.S. deferred taxes on the remaining excess of book bases over tax bases of certain investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries that are essentially permanent in duration. The amount of deferred tax liability related to the Company s remaining basis difference in these non-U.S. subsidiaries was million at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company files income tax returns with the U.S. federal government and various U.S. state and local jurisdictions, as well as non-U.S. jurisdictions. The Company is under continuous examination by the IRS and other tax authorities in jurisdictions in which the Company has significant business operations. The income tax years under examination vary by jurisdiction and subsidiary. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, or local income tax examinations for years prior to 2017. In material non-U.S. jurisdictions, the Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations for years prior to 2015. 
 In 2021, the Company filed amended Federal income tax returns with the IRS for MetLife, Inc. and subsidiaries for tax years 2014 through 2016. In 2022, the IRS reviewed and acknowledged acceptance of the 2014 through 2016 amended Federal income tax returns and closed the years to further audit. Accordingly, in 2022, the Company recorded a non-cash 
 294 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 19. Income Tax (continued) 

 million, net of tax, comprised of a million tax benefit recorded in provision for income tax expense (benefit) and a million interest benefit million, net of tax) included in other expenses. 
 In 2021, the Company filed amended Federal income tax returns with the IRS for MetLife, Inc. and subsidiaries for tax years 2010 through 2013. In 2021, the IRS reviewed and acknowledged acceptance of the 2010 through 2013 amended Federal income tax returns and closed the years to further audit. Accordingly, in 2021, the Company recorded a non-cash benefit to net income of million in provision for income tax expense (benefit). In addition, in 2021, the IRS concluded its Federal income tax audit of American Life for tax years 2010 through 2013. Accordingly, in 2021, the Company recorded a non-cash benefit to net income of million, net of tax, comprised of a million tax benefit recorded in provision for income tax expense (benefit) and a million interest benefit million, net of tax) included in other expenses. 
 The Company filed refund claims in 2017 with the IRS for 2000 through 2002 to recover tax and interest predominantly related to the disallowance of certain foreign tax credits for which the Company received a statutory notice of deficiency in 2015 and paid the tax thereon. The disallowed foreign tax credits relate to certain non-U.S. investments held by MLIC in support of its life insurance business through a U.K. investment subsidiary that was structured as a joint venture until early 2009. In 2020, the Company received refunds from these claims filed in 2017, and as a result, the Company recorded a million interest benefit million, net of tax) included in other expenses. 
 The Company s overall liability for unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease in the next 12 months. For example, U.S. federal tax legislation and regulation could impact unrecognized tax benefits. A reasonable estimate of the increase or decrease cannot be made at this time. However, the Company continues to believe that the ultimate resolution of the pending issues will not result in a material change to its consolidated financial statements, although the resolution of income tax matters could impact the Company s effective tax rate for a particular future period. 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years (1) ) ) ) Additions for tax positions of current year Reductions for tax positions of current year ) ) Settlements with tax authorities ) ) ) Lapses of statute of limitations ) Balance at December 31, Unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective rate 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) The decreases in 2022 and 2021 are primarily related to non-cash benefits from tax audit settlements. 
 The Company classifies interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense, included within other expenses. 
 295 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 19. Income Tax (continued) 

 ) December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Interest included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets 
 __________________ 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2021, the interest benefit is primarily related to a tax audit settlement of million which was recorded in other expenses and a reclassification of million to current income tax payable. 

Incremental common shares from assumed exercise or issuance of stock-based awards Weighted average common stock outstanding - diluted Net Income (Loss): Net income (loss) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Less: Preferred stock dividends Preferred stock redemption premium Net income (loss) available to MetLife, Inc. s common shareholders Basic Diluted 

296 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 21. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees (continued) 

 to million. 
 Matters as to Which an Estimate Cannot Be Made 
 For other matters, the Company is not currently able to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss. The Company is often unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss until developments in such matters have provided sufficient information to support an assessment of the range of possible loss, such as quantification of a damage demand from plaintiffs, discovery from other parties and investigation of factual allegations, rulings by the court on motions or appeals, analysis by experts, and the progress of settlement negotiations. On a quarterly and annual basis, the Company reviews relevant information with respect to litigation contingencies and updates its accruals, disclosures and estimates of reasonably possible losses or ranges of loss based on such reviews. 
 Asbestos-Related Claims 
 MLIC is and has been a defendant in a large number of asbestos-related suits filed primarily in state courts. These suits principally allege that the plaintiff or plaintiffs suffered personal injury resulting from exposure to asbestos and seek both actual and punitive damages. MLIC has never engaged in the business of manufacturing or selling asbestos-containing products, nor has MLIC issued liability or workers compensation insurance to companies in the business of manufacturing or selling asbestos-containing products. The lawsuits principally have focused on allegations with respect to certain research, publication and other activities of one or more of MLIC s employees during the period from the 1920s through approximately the 1950s and allege that MLIC learned or should have learned of certain health risks posed by asbestos and, among other things, improperly publicized or failed to disclose those health risks. MLIC believes that it should not have legal liability in these cases. The outcome of most asbestos litigation matters, however, is uncertain and can be impacted by numerous variables, including differences in legal rulings in various jurisdictions, the nature of the alleged injury and factors unrelated to the ultimate legal merit of the claims asserted against MLIC. 
 297 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 21. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees (continued) 

 Number of new claims during the year Settlement payments during the year (1) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Settlement payments represent payments made by MLIC during the year in connection with settlements made in that year and in prior years. Amounts do not include MLIC s attorneys fees and expenses. 
 The number of asbestos cases that may be brought, the aggregate amount of any liability that MLIC may incur, and the total amount paid in settlements in any given year are uncertain and may vary significantly from year to year. 
 The ability of MLIC to estimate its ultimate asbestos exposure is subject to considerable uncertainty, and the conditions impacting its liability can be dynamic and subject to change. The availability of reliable data is limited and it is difficult to predict the numerous variables that can affect liability estimates, including the number of future claims, the cost to resolve claims, the disease mix and severity of disease in pending and future claims, the willingness of courts to allow plaintiffs to pursue claims against MLIC when exposure to asbestos took place after the dangers of asbestos exposure were well known, and the impact of any possible future adverse verdicts and their amounts. 
 The ability to make estimates regarding ultimate asbestos exposure declines significantly as the estimates relate to years further in the future. In the Company s judgment, there is a future point after which losses cease to be probable and reasonably estimable. It is reasonably possible that the Company s total exposure to asbestos claims may be materially greater than the asbestos liability currently accrued and that future charges to income may be necessary, but management does not believe any such charges are likely to have a material effect on the Company s financial position. 
 The Company believes adequate provision has been made in its consolidated financial statements for all probable and reasonably estimable losses for asbestos-related claims. MLIC s recorded asbestos liability covers pending claims, claims not yet asserted, and legal defense costs and is based on estimates and includes significant assumptions underlying its analysis. 
 MLIC reevaluates on a quarterly and annual basis its exposure from asbestos litigation, including studying its claims experience, reviewing external literature regarding asbestos claims experience in the United States, assessing relevant trends impacting asbestos liability and considering numerous variables that can affect its asbestos liability exposure on an overall or per claim basis. Based upon its regular reevaluation of its exposure from asbestos litigation, MLIC has updated its recorded liability for asbestos-related claims to million at December 31, 2022. The recorded liability was million at December 31, 2021. 
 298 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 21. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees (continued) 

billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Commitments to Fund Partnership Investments, Bank Credit Facilities, Bridge Loans and Private Corporate Bond Investments 
 The Company commits to fund partnership investments and to lend funds under bank credit facilities, bridge loans and private corporate bond investments. The amounts of these unfunded commitments were billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 million to million, with a cumulative maximum of million, while in other cases such limitations are not specified or applicable. Since certain of these obligations are not subject to limitations, the Company does not believe that it is possible to determine the maximum potential amount that could become due under these guarantees in the future. Management believes that it is unlikely the Company will have to make any material payments under these indemnities or guarantees. 
 In addition, the Company indemnifies its directors and officers as provided in its charters and by-laws. Also, the Company indemnifies its agents for liabilities incurred as a result of their representation of the Company s interests. Since these indemnities are generally not subject to limitation with respect to duration or amount, the Company does not believe that it is possible to determine the maximum potential amount that could become due under these indemnities in the future. 
 299 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 21. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees (continued) 

 million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, for indemnities and guarantees. 

billion aggregate principal amount of its outstanding senior notes due September 2023. 
 In January 2023, MetLife, Inc. issued billion of senior notes due January 2054 which bear interest at a fixed rate of , payable semi-annually. In connection with the issuance, MetLife, Inc. incurred million of related costs which will be amortized over the term of the senior notes. 
 300 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. government and agency 
 Public utilities 
 Municipals 
 All other corporate bonds 
 Total bonds 
 Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized loan obligations securities Redeemable preferred stock 
 Total fixed maturity securities AFS 
 Unit-linked and FVO Securities 
 Equity securities: 
 Common stock: 
 Industrial, miscellaneous and all other 
 Banks, trust and insurance companies 
 Public utilities 
 Non-redeemable preferred stock 
 Total equity securities 
 Mortgage loans 
 Policy loans 
 Real estate and real estate joint ventures 
 Real estate acquired in satisfaction of debt 
 Other limited partnership interests 
 Short-term investments 
 Other invested assets 
 Total investments 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Unit-linked and FVO Securities are primarily equity securities (including mutual funds) and fixed maturity securities. Amortized cost for fixed maturity securities AFS, Unit-linked and FVO Securities, mortgage loans, policy loans and short-term investments represents original cost reduced by repayments and adjusted for amortization of premium or accretion of discount; for equity securities, cost represents original cost; for real estate, cost represents original cost reduced by impairments and depreciation; for real estate joint ventures and other limited partnership interests, cost represents original cost reduced for impairments and adjusted for equity in earnings and distributions. 
 301 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively) 
 Other invested assets, at estimated fair value 
 Total investments 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accrued investment income 
 Investment in subsidiaries 
 Loans to subsidiaries 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 Liabilities 
 Payables for collateral under derivatives transactions 
 Long-term debt unaffiliated 
 Long-term debt affiliated 
 Junior subordinated debt securities 
 Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Stockholders Equity 
 Preferred stock, par value per share; aggregate liquidation preference 
 Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued, respectively; and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Treasury stock, at cost; and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed financial information. 
 302 

Table of Contents 

 Other revenues 
 Net investment gains (losses) 
 ) Net derivative gains (losses) 
 ) Total revenues 
 ) Expenses 
 Interest expense 
 Other expenses 
 Total expenses 
 Income (loss) before provision for income tax and equity in earnings of subsidiaries ) ) Provision for income tax (expense) benefit ) Equity in earnings of subsidiaries Net income (loss) 
 Less: Preferred stock dividends 
 Preferred stock redemption premium Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed financial information. 
 
 303 

Table of Contents 

 Earnings of subsidiaries 
 ) ) ) Dividends from subsidiaries 
 (Gains) losses on investments and from sales of businesses, net 
 ) ) Other, net 
 ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 Sales and maturities of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale Purchases of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale 
 ) ) ) Cash received in connection with freestanding derivatives 
 Cash paid in connection with freestanding derivatives 
 ) ) ) Sales of businesses 
 Purchases of businesses ) Expense paid on behalf of subsidiaries 
 ) ) ) Receipts on loans to subsidiaries 
 Issuances of loans to subsidiaries 
 ) ) Returns of capital from subsidiaries 
 Capital contributions to subsidiaries 
 ) ) ) Net change in short-term investments 
 Other, net 
 ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) ) Cash flows from financing activities 
 Net change in payables for collateral under derivative transactions 
 Long-term debt issued 
 Long-term debt repaid 
 ) ) Treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases 
 ) ) ) Preferred stock issued, net of issuance costs 
 Redemption of preferred stock ) ) Preferred stock redemption premium ) ) Dividends on preferred stock 
 ) ) ) Dividends on common stock 
 ) ) ) Other, net 
 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 
 304 

Table of Contents 

 Income tax: 
 Amounts paid to (received from) subsidiaries, net 
 ) ) ) Income tax paid (received) by MetLife, Inc., net 
 Total income tax, net 
 ) ) Non-cash transactions: Dividends from subsidiary 
 Returns of capital from subsidiaries 
 Capital contributions to subsidiaries 

305 

Table of Contents 

billion in cash in connection with the disposition of MetLife P C. 
 In December 2020, MetLife, Inc. paid billion in cash in connection with the acquisition of Versant Health. 
 See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on acquisitions and dispositions. 

million and million, respectively, in short-term notes to MetLife, Inc. which were repaid by September 2022 and August 2021, respectively. The short-term notes bore interest at six-month LIBOR plus . 
 In December 2022 and 2021, Missouri Reinsurance, Inc. MoRe ), issued to MetLife, Inc. a million promissory note and a million promissory note, respectively. Both notes are payable semi-annually and mature in December 2024. 
 Interest income earned on loans to subsidiaries of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is included in net investment income. 
 306 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Schedule II 
 Notes to the Condensed Financial Information (continued) 
 (Parent Company Only) 

Long-term debt outstanding was as follows: 
 Interest Rates (1) 
 December 31, 
 Range 
 Weighted Average 
 Maturity 
 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) 
 Senior notes unaffiliated (2) - 2023 - 2052 Senior notes affiliated - 2023 - 2031 Total 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Range of interest rates and weighted average interest rates are for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Net of million and million of unamortized issuance costs and net premiums and discounts at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 See Notes 13 and 22 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 The aggregate maturities of long-term debt at December 31, 2022 for the next five years and thereafter are billion in 2023, billion in 2024, billion in 2025, million in 2026, in 2027 and billion thereafter. 
 Senior Notes Affiliated 
 In December 2021, billion senior unsecured notes issued to various subsidiaries matured and were refinanced with the following senior unsecured notes issued to various subsidiaries: (i) billion due December 2026, (ii) billion due December 2028 and (iii) billion due December 2031. 
 In July 2021, billion senior unsecured notes issued to various subsidiaries matured and were refinanced with the following senior unsecured notes issued to various subsidiaries: (i) billion due July 2026, (ii) billion due July 2028 and (iii) billion due July 2031. 
 In June 2020, MetLife, Inc. issued a new million senior unsecured floating rate note to MetLife Insurance K.K. The senior unsecured floating rate note matures in June 2025 and bears interest at a variable rate of three-month LIBOR plus , payable quarterly. 
 Long-term debt affiliated 
 Collateral financing arrangements 
 Junior subordinated debt securities 
 Total 
 
 See Notes 14 and 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the collateral financing arrangement and junior subordinated debt securities. 
 
 307 

Table of Contents 
 MetLife, Inc. 
 Schedule II 
 Notes to the Condensed Financial Information (continued) 
 (Parent Company Only) 

billion, under a reinsurance agreement with MetLife Europe d.a.c., in respect of MrB s reinsurance of the guaranteed living benefits and guaranteed death benefits associated with certain Unit-linked investments issued by MetLife Europe d.a.c. 
 MetLife, Inc., in connection with MRV s reinsurance of certain universal life and term life insurance risks, committed to the Vermont Department of Banking, Insurance, Securities and Health Care Administration to take necessary action to cause the two protected cells of MRV to maintain total adjusted capital in an amount that is equal to or greater than of each such protected cell s authorized control level RBC, as defined in Vermont state insurance statutes. 
 MetLife, Inc., in connection with the collateral financing arrangement associated with MRC s reinsurance of a portion of the liabilities associated with the closed block, committed to the South Carolina Department of Insurance to make capital contributions, if necessary, to MRC so that MRC may at all times maintain its total adjusted capital in an amount that is equal to or greater than of the Company Action Level RBC, as defined in South Carolina state insurance statutes as in effect on the date of determination or December 31, 2007, whichever calculation produces the greater capital requirement, or as otherwise required by the South Carolina Department of Insurance. See Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 MetLife, Inc. guarantees obligations arising from OTC-bilateral derivatives of MrB. MrB is exposed to various risks relating to its ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit and equity market. MrB uses a variety of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives. Further, MrB s derivatives are subject to industry standard netting agreements and collateral agreements that limit the unsecured portion of any open derivative position. On a net counterparty basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021, derivative transactions with positive mark-to-market values (in-the-money) were million and million, respectively, and derivative transactions with negative mark-to-market values (out-of-the-money) were million and million, respectively. To secure the obligations represented by the out-of-the-money transactions, MrB had provided collateral to its counterparties with an estimated fair value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accordingly, unsecured derivative liabilities guaranteed by MetLife, Inc. were and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 MetLife, Inc. also guarantees the obligations of certain of its subsidiaries under committed facilities with third-party banks. See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 308 

Table of Contents 

 Asia 
 Latin America 
 EMEA 
 MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other 
 ) Total 
 2021 U.S. 
 Asia 
 Latin America 
 EMEA 
 MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other 
 ) Total 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Amounts are included within the future policy benefits, other policy-related balances and policyholder dividend obligation column. 
 (2) Includes premiums received in advance. 
 309 

Table of Contents 

 Asia 
 Latin America 
 EMEA 
 ) MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other 
 ) ) Total 
 2021 U.S. 
 Asia 
 Latin America 
 EMEA 
 MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other 
 Total 
 2020 U.S. 
 Asia 
 Latin America 
 EMEA 
 MetLife Holdings 
 Corporate Other 
 ) Total 
 
 ______________ 
 (1) Includes other expenses and policyholder dividends, excluding amortization of DAC and VOBA charged to other expenses. 
 310 

Table of Contents 

 Insurance premium 
 Life insurance (1) 
 Accident health insurance 
 Property and casualty insurance 
 Total insurance premium 
 2021 Life insurance in-force 
 Insurance premium 
 Life insurance (1) 
 Accident health insurance 
 Property and casualty insurance 
 Total insurance premium 
 2020 Life insurance in-force 
 Insurance premium 
 Life insurance (1) 
 Accident health insurance 
 Property and casualty insurance 
 Total insurance premium 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes annuities with life contingencies. 
 311 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. The Company has designed these controls and procedures to ensure that information the Company is required to disclose in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to Company management, including the CEO and CFO as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management, including the CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 There were no changes to the Company s internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. In fulfilling this responsibility, management s estimates and judgments must assess the expected benefits and related costs of control procedures. The Company s internal control objectives include providing management with reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the Company has safeguarded assets against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the Company has executed transactions in accordance with management s authorization and recorded them properly to permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP. 
 Management evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In the opinion of management, MetLife, Inc. maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Deloitte has issued its report on its audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which is set forth below. 
 312 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of MetLife, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of MetLife, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 23, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 23, 2023 
 313 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information called for by this Item pertaining to Directors is incorporated herein by reference to MetLife, Inc. s definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 20, 2023, to be filed by MetLife, Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 
 The information called for by this Item pertaining to Executive Officers appears in Business Information About Our Executive Officers in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The Company has adopted the MetLife Financial Management Code of Business Ethics (the Financial Management Code ), a code of ethics as defined under the rules of the SEC, that applies to MetLife, Inc. s CEO, CFO, Chief Accounting Officer and all professionals in finance and finance-related departments. In addition, the Company has adopted the Directors Code of Business Ethics (the Directors Code which applies to all members of Board of Directors, including the CEO, and the Company s Code of Business Ethics, which applies to all employees of the Company, including MetLife, Inc. s CEO, CFO and Chief Accounting Officer. These codes are available on the Company s website at www.metlife.com/about-us/corporate-governance/corporate-conduct/. The Company intends to satisfy any disclosure obligations under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K by posting information on the Company s website at the address given above. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information called for by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information called for by this Item pertaining to ownership of shares of MetLife, Inc. s common stock Shares is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 314 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides information at December 31, 2022, regarding MetLife, Inc. s equity compensation plans: 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information at December 31, 2022 
 Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (1) Weighted-average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (2) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (3) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 12,008,464 49.24 33,355,850 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders None None Total 12,008,464 49.24 33,355,850 
 ______________ 
 (1) Column (a) reflects the following items outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 
 Stock Options 3,386,041 Restricted Stock Units 1,999,964 Performance Shares (assuming future payout at maximum performance factor) 5,611,791 Deferred Shares 1,010,668 Shares that will or may be issued 12,008,464 
 As of December 31, 2022: 
 Stock Options under the MetLife, Inc. 2015 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2015 Stock Plan and its predecessor plan, the MetLife, Inc. 2005 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2005 Stock Plan were outstanding; 
 Restricted Stock Units and Performance Shares under the 2015 Stock Plan were outstanding; and 
 Deferred Shares related to awards under the 2015 Stock Plan, MetLife, Inc. 2015 Non-Management Directors Stock Compensation Plan (the 2015 Director Stock Plan ), 2005 Stock Plan, MetLife, Inc. 2005 Non-Management Directors Stock Compensation Plan (the 2005 Director Stock Plan ), and earlier plans, were outstanding. Deferred Shares are related to awards that have become payable in Shares under any plan, the issuance of which has been deferred. 
 The maximum performance factor for Performance Shares granted in 2015 through 2022 was 175 . The number of Performance Shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 at target (100 performance factor was 3,206,738. 
 MetLife, Inc. may issue Shares pursuant to awards (including Stock Option exercises, if any) under any plan using Shares held in treasury by MetLife, Inc. or by issuing new Shares. 
 For a general description of how the number of Shares paid out on account of Performance Shares and Restricted Stock Units is determined, and the vesting periods applicable to Performance Shares and Restricted Stock Units, see Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) Column (b) reflects the weighted average exercise price of all Stock Options under any plan that, as of December 31, 2022, had been granted but not forfeited, expired, or exercised. Performance Shares, Restricted Stock Units, and Deferred Shares are not included in determining the weighted average in column (b) because they have no exercise price. 
 315 

Table of Contents 

 (3) Column (c) reflects the following items outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 
 Number of Shares At January 15, 2015, the effective date of the 2015 Stock Plan and 2015 Director Stock Plan: Shares newly authorized for issuance under the 2015 Stock Plan 11,750,000 Shares remaining authorized for issuance under the 2005 Stock Plan or other plans that were not covered by awards (i) 18,023,959 Shares authorized for issuance under the 2015 Director Stock Plan (ii) 1,642,208 Net shares added to the 2015 Stock Plan and 2015 Director Stock Plan authorizations in light of the Separation (iii) 3,979,727 Total Shares authorized for issuance at January 1, 2015 and net shares added in light of the Separation 35,395,894 Additional Shares recovered for issuance (iv) in: 2015 - 2021 31,545,071 2022 2,350,180 Total Shares recovered for issuance since January 1, 2015 33,895,251 Less: Shares covered by new awards and new imputed reinvested dividends on Deferred Shares (v) in: 2015 - 2021 32,867,851 2022 3,067,444 Total Shares covered by new awards and new imputed reinvested dividends on Deferred Shares since January 1, 2015 35,935,295 Shares remaining available for future issuance under the 2015 Stock Plan and 2015 Director Stock Plan 33,355,850 
 ______________ 
 (i) Consists of Shares that were not covered by awards, including Shares previously covered by awards but recovered due to forfeiture of awards or other reasons and once again available for issuance. 
 (ii) Consists of Shares remaining authorized for issuance under the predecessor plan, the 2005 Director Stock Plan, that were not covered by awards, including Shares previously covered by awards but recovered due to forfeiture of awards or other reasons and once again available. 
 (iii) In 2017, MetLife, Inc. completed the separation of Brighthouse Financial, Inc. and its subsidiaries Brighthouse through a distribution of shares of Brighthouse Financial, Inc. common stock to the MetLife, Inc. common shareholders (the Separation ). In light of the Separation, and in order to maintain the Share authorizations under each plan at the levels that shareholders had approved, MetLife, Inc. increased the number of Shares authorized for issuance under the 2015 Stock Plan and 2015 Director Stock Plan as of August 4, 2017, excluding those Shares from the authorizations that had already been issued, by the Adjustment Ratio. MetLife, Inc. also increased the number of Shares covered by outstanding Stock Options, Performance Shares, Restricted Stock Units, and Deferred Shares on that date by the Adjustment Ratio, in order to maintain the intrinsic value of those awards and Deferred Shares, which decreased the number of Shares available for issuance under both plans. The amount in this row is the net increase in the Share authorization under both the 2015 Stock Plan and 2015 Director Stock Plan as a result of these adjustments. For a description of the adjustment to Stock Options, Performance Shares, Restricted Stock Units, and Deferred Shares, see Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (iv) Consists of Shares utilized under the 2005 Stock Plan or 2015 Stock Plan that were recovered during each of the indicated calendar years, and therefore once again available for issuance, due to: (i) termination of the award by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, lapse, or otherwise without issuing Shares; (ii) settlement of the award in cash either in lieu of Shares or otherwise; (iii) exchange of the award for awards not involving Shares; (iv) payment of the exercise price of a Stock Option, or the tax withholding requirements with respect to an award, satisfied by tendering Shares to MetLife, Inc. (by either actual delivery or by attestation); (v) satisfaction of tax withholding requirements with respect to an award satisfied by MetLife, Inc. withholding Shares otherwise issuable; and (vi) the payout of Performance Shares at any performance factor less than the maximum performance factor. 
 (v) Consists of Shares covered by awards granted under the 2015 Stock Plan (including Performance Shares assuming future payout at maximum performance factor). Shares covered by awards granted under the 2015 Directors Stock Plan and Shares covered by imputed reinvested dividends credited on Deferred Shares owed to directors, employees or agents, in each case during each of the indicated calendar years. 
 316 

Table of Contents 

 Each Share MetLife, Inc. issues in connection with awards granted under the 2005 Stock Plan other than Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights (such as Shares payable on account of Performance Shares or Restricted Stock Units under that plan, including any Deferred Shares resulting from such awards) reduces the number of Shares remaining for issuance by 1.179 2005 Stock Plan Share Award Ratio ). Each Share MetLife, Inc. issues in connection with a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right granted under the 2005 Stock Plan, or in connection with any award under any other plan for employees and agents (including any Deferred Shares resulting from such awards), reduces the number of Shares remaining for issuance by 1.0. Standard Award Ratio ). Shares related to awards that are recovered, and therefore authorized for issuance under the 2015 Stock Plan, are recovered with consideration of the 2005 Stock Plan Share Award Ratio and Standard Award Ratio, as applicable. Each Share MetLife, Inc. issues under the 2005 Director Stock Plan or 2015 Director Stock Plan (including any Deferred Shares resulting from such awards) reduces the number of Shares remaining for issuance under that plan by one. Shares related to awards that are recovered, and therefore authorized for issuance under the 2015 Director Stock Plan are recovered with consideration of this ratio. If MetLife, Inc. was to grant a Share-settled Stock Appreciation Right under the 2015 Stock Plan and the award holder exercised it, only the number of Shares MetLife, Inc. issued, net of the Shares tendered, if any, would be deemed delivered for purposes of determining the maximum number of Shares MetLife, Inc. may issue under the 2015 Stock Plan. 
 Any Shares covered by awards under the 2015 Director Stock Plan that were to be recovered due to (i) termination of the award by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, lapse, or otherwise without issuing Shares; (ii) settlement of the award in cash either in lieu of Shares or otherwise; (iii) exchange of the award for awards not involving Shares; and (iv) payment of the exercise price of a Stock Option, or the tax withholding requirements with respect to an award, satisfied by tendering Shares to MetLife, Inc. (by either actual delivery or by attestation) would be available to be issued under the 2015 Director Stock Plan. In addition, if MetLife, Inc. was to grant a Share-settled Stock Appreciation Right under the 2015 Director Stock Plan, only the number of Shares issued, net of the Shares tendered, if any, would be deemed delivered for purposes of determining the maximum number of Shares available for issuance under the 2015 Director Stock Plan. 
 Under both the 2015 Stock Plan and the 2015 Director Stock Plan, in the event of a corporate event or transaction (including, but not limited to, a change in the Shares or the capitalization of MetLife) such as a merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, separation, stock dividend, extraordinary dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, split up, spin-off, or other distribution of stock or property of MetLife, combination of securities, exchange of securities, dividend in kind, or other like change in capital structure or distribution (other than normal cash dividends) to shareholders of MetLife, or any similar corporate event or transaction, the appropriate committee of the Board of Directors of MetLife, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of participants rights under the applicable plan, shall substitute or adjust, as applicable, the number and kind of Shares that may be issued under that plan and shall adjust the number and kind of Shares subject to outstanding awards. Any Shares related to awards under either plan which: (i) terminate by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or otherwise without the issuance of Shares; (ii) are settled in cash either in lieu of Shares or otherwise; or (iii) are exchanged with the appropriate committee s permission for awards not involving Shares, are available again for grant under the applicable plan. If the option price of any Stock Option granted under either plan or the tax withholding requirements with respect to any award granted under either plan is satisfied by tendering Shares to MetLife (by either actual delivery or by attestation), or if a Stock Appreciation Right is exercised, only the number of Shares issued, net of the Shares tendered, if any, will be deemed delivered for purposes of determining the maximum number of Shares available for issuance under that plan. The maximum number of Shares available for issuance under either plan shall not be reduced to reflect any dividends or dividend equivalents that are reinvested into additional Shares or credited as additional Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units. 
 For a description of the kinds of awards that have been or may be made under the 2015 Stock Plan and 2015 Director Stock Plan and awards that remained outstanding under the 2005 Stock Plan, see Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information called for by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 317 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements 
 The financial statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes and Schedules on page 144. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 The financial statement schedules are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes and Schedules on page 144. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The exhibits are listed in the Exhibit Index which begins on page 319. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 318 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Index 
 (Note Regarding Reliance on Statements in Our Contracts: In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, please remember that they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about MetLife, Inc., its subsidiaries or affiliates, or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and (i) should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; (ii) have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; (iii) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to investors; and (iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about MetLife, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates may be found elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and MetLife, Inc. s other public filings, which are available without charge through the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov.) 
 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 2.1 Plan of Reorganization. 
 S-1 333-91517 2.1 November 23, 1999 2.2 Amendment to Plan of Reorganization, dated as of March 9, 2000. 
 S-1/A 333-91517 2.2 March 29, 2000 2.3 Master Separation Agreement, dated August 4, 2017, between MetLife, Inc. and Brighthouse Financial, Inc. 
 8-K 001-15787 2.1 August 7, 2017 3.1.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MetLife, Inc. 
 10-K 001-15787 3.1 March 1, 2017 3.1.2 Certificate of Retirement of Series B Contingent Convertible Junior Participating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on November 5, 2013. 
 10-Q 001-15787 3.6 November 7, 2013 3.1.3 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MetLife, Inc., dated April 29, 2015. 
 8-K 001-15787 3.1 April 30, 2015 3.1.4 Certificate of Elimination of 6.500 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B, of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on November 3, 2015. 
 10-Q 001-15787 3.7 November 5, 2015 3.1.5 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MetLife, Inc., dated April 29, 2011. 
 10-K 001-15787 3.4 March 1, 2017 3.1.6 Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on April 7, 2000. 
 10-K 001-15787 3.2 March 1, 2017 3.1.7 Certificate of Designations of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on June 10, 2005. 
 10-K 001-15787 3.3 March 1, 2017 3.1.8 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MetLife, Inc., dated October 23, 2017. 
 8-K 001-15787 3.1 October 24, 2017 3.1.9 Certificate of Designations of 5.875 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D, of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on March 21, 2018. 
 8-K 001-15787 3.1 March 22, 2018 3.1.10 Certificate of Designations of 5.625 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E, of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of the State of Delaware on May 31, 2018. 
 8-K 001-15787 3.1 June 4, 2018 
 319 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 3.1.11 Certificate of Designations of 4.75 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F, of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of the State of Delaware on January 8, 2020. 
 8-K 001-15787 3.1 January 9, 2020 3.1.12 Certificate of Designations of 3.850 Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G, of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of the State of Delaware on September 9, 2020. 
 8-K 001-15787 3.1 September 10, 2020 3.1.13 Certificate of Elimination of 5.250 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C, of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on June 29, 2021. 
 8-K 001-15787 3.1 June 29, 2021 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of MetLife, Inc., effective September 25, 2018. 
 8-K 001-15787 3.2 October 1, 2018 4.1 Form of Certificate for Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 S-1/A 333-91517 4.1 March 9, 2000 4.2 Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on April 7, 2000. (See Exhibit 3.1.6 above). 
 4.3 Certificate of Designations of Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on June 10, 2005. (See Exhibit 3.1.7 above). 
 4.4 Form of Stock Certificate, Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, of MetLife, Inc. 
 8-A 001-15787 99.6 June 10, 2005 4.5 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MetLife, Inc., dated October 23, 2017. (See Exhibit 3.1.8 above). 
 4.6 Certificate of Designations of 5.875 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D, of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on March 21, 2018. (See Exhibit 3.1.9 above). 
 4.7 Form of Stock Certificate, 5.875 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D, of MetLife, Inc. 
 8-K 001-15787 4.1 March 22, 2018 4.8 Certificate of Designations of 5.625 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E, of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of the State of Delaware on May 31, 2018. (See Exhibit 3.1.10 above). 
 4.9 Form of Stock Certificate, 5.625 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E, of MetLife, Inc. 
 8-K 001-15787 4.1 June 4, 2018 4.10 Deposit Agreement, dated June 4, 2018, among MetLife, Inc., Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein. 
 8-K 001-15787 4.2 June 4, 2018 4.11 Form of Depositary Receipt, Depositary Shares each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 5.625 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E, of MetLife, Inc. 
 8-K 001-15787 4.3 June 4, 2018 4.12 Certificate of Designations of 4.75 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F, of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of the State of Delaware on January 8, 2020. (See Exhibit 3.1.11 above). 
 4.13 Form of Stock Certificate, 4.75 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F, of MetLife, Inc. 
 8-K 001-15787 4.1 January 9, 2020 4.14 Certificate of Designations of 3.850 Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G, of MetLife, Inc., filed with the Secretary of the State of Delaware on September 9, 2020. (See Exhibit 3.1.12 above). 
 4.15 Form of Stock Certificate, 3.850 Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G, of MetLife, Inc. 
 8-K 001-15787 4.1 September 10, 2020 
 320 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 4.16 Deposit Agreement, dated January 15, 2020, among MetLife, Inc., Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., collectively, as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein. 
 8-K 001-15787 4.1 January 15, 2020 4.17 Form of Depositary Receipt, Depositary Shares each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of 4.75 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F, of MetLife, Inc. 
 8-K 001-15787 4.3 January 15, 2020 4.18 Description of Securities. 
 X Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of MetLife, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. MetLife, Inc. hereby agrees to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, copies of such instruments. 10.1.1 MetLife Policyholder Trust Agreement. 
 S-1 333-91517 10.12 November 23, 1999 10.1.2 Amendment to MetLife Policyholder Trust Agreement. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.62 February 27, 2013 10.2 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2021, amending and restating the Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2017, among MetLife, Inc. and MetLife Funding, Inc., as borrowers, and the other parties signatory thereto. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.1 March 2, 2021 10.3 Purchase Agreement by and among MetLife, Inc. and Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, dated as of February 28, 2016. 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.1 May 6, 2016 10.4 Tax Separation Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2017, by and among MetLife, Inc. and its affiliates and Brighthouse Financial, Inc. and its affiliates. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.1 August 7, 2017 10.5 MetLife, Inc. 2015 Non-Management Director Stock Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2015. 
 S-8 333-198141 4.1 August 14, 2014 10.6.1 MetLife Non-Management Director Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2005, implemented November 2012). 
 S-8 333-214710 4.1 November 18, 2016 10.6.2 Amendment to MetLife Non-Management Director Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2005, implemented November 2020). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.6.2 February 19, 2021 10.7 MetLife, Inc. Director Indemnity Plan (dated and effective July 22, 2008). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.94 February 27, 2014 10.8.1 Form of Agreement to Protect Corporate Property executed by Michel Khalaf, effective April 9, 2012. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.15 February 25, 2016 10.8.2 Form of Agreement to Protect Corporate Property executed by Ricardo A. Anzaldua, John C. R. Hele, Frans Hijkoop, and Esther Lee on May 25, 2016; Steven A. Kandarian on May 31, 2016; Steven J. Goulart on June 2, 2016; Maria M. Morris on June 8, 2016; Martin J. Lippert on July 6, 2016; Susan Podlogar, effective July 10, 2017; and Ramy Tadros, effective September 11, 2017. 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.1 August 5, 2016 10.9 MetLife Executive Severance Plan (as amended and restated, effective June 14, 2010). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.1 February 27, 2015 10.10 MetLife Performance-Based Compensation Recoupment Policy (effective as amended and restated November 1, 2017). 
 8-K 001-15787 10.1 November 6, 2017 10.11.1 MetLife, Inc. 2015 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2015 (the 2015 SIC Plan ). 
 S-8 333-198145 4.1 August 14, 2014 10.11.2 MetLife, Inc. 2005 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, effective April 15, 2005 (the 2005 SIC Plan ). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.24 February 27, 2015 10.12 MetLife Annual Variable Incentive Plan (effective as amended and restated January 1, 2015). 
 8-K 001-15787 10.11 December 11, 2014 
 321 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 10.13.1 MetLife International Unit Option Incentive Plan (as amended and restated December 3, 2012). 
 8-K 001-15787 10.11 February 15, 2013 10.13.2 MetLife International Unit Option Incentive Plan, dated July 21, 2011 (as amended and restated effective February 23, 2011). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.24 March 1, 2017 10.14.1 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2005 SIC Plan effective February 11, 2013. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.9 February 15, 2013 10.14.2 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Three-Year Cliff Exercisability) under the 2005 SIC Plan effective February 11, 2013. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.10 February 15, 2013 10.14.3 Form of Management Stock Option Agreement under the 2005 SIC Plan effective as of April 25, 2007. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.24 February 27, 2013 10.14.4 Amendment to Stock Option Agreements under the 2005 SIC Plan effective as of April 25, 2007. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.25 February 27, 2013 10.14.5 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Ratable Exercisability in Thirds) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2015 
 8-K 001-15787 10.7 December 11, 2014 10.14.6 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Three-Year Cliff Exercisability) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2015 
 8-K 001-15787 10.8 December 11, 2014 10.14.7 Form of Management Stock Option Agreement under the 2005 SIC Plan effective December 15, 2009. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.28 February 27, 2015 10.14.8 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Ratable Exercisability in Thirds) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2016. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.101 February 25, 2016 10.14.9 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Three-Year Cliff Exercisability) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2016. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.102 February 25, 2016 10.15.1 Form of Unit Option Agreement under the MetLife International Unit Option Incentive Plan effective February 11, 2013. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.12 February 15, 2013 10.15.2 Form of Unit Option Agreement (Three-Year Cliff Exercisability) under the MetLife International Unit Option Incentive Plan, effective February 11, 2013. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.13 February 15, 2013 10.15.3 Form of Unit Option Agreement (Ratable Exercisability in Thirds) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2015. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.9 December 11, 2014 10.15.4 Form of Unit Option Agreement (Three-Year Cliff Exercisability) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2015. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.10 December 11, 2014 10.15.5 Form of Unit Option Agreement (Ratable Exercisability in Thirds) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2016. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.103 February 25, 2016 10.15.6 Form of Unit Option Agreement (Three-Year Cliff Exercisability) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2016. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.104 February 25, 2016 10.15.7 Form of Unit Option Agreement under the MetLife International Unit Option Incentive Plan effective February 23, 2011. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.25 March 1, 2017 10.16.1 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Ratable Period of Restriction Ends in Thirds; Code Section 162(m) Goals) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2016. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.97 February 25, 2016 10.16.2 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Three-Year Cliff Period of Restriction; No Code Section 162(m) Goals) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2016. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.98 February 25, 2016 10.16.3 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Ratable Period of Restriction Ends in Thirds) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective February 27, 2018. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.3 February 20, 2018 
 322 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 10.16.4 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Three-Year Cliff Period of Restriction) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective February 27, 2018. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.4 February 20, 2018 10.17.1 Form of Restricted Unit Agreement (Ratable Period of Restriction Ends in Thirds; Code Section 162(m) Goals) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2016. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.99 February 25, 2016 10.17.2 Form of Restricted Unit Agreement (Three-Year Cliff Period of Restriction; No Code Section 162(m) Goals) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2016. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.100 February 25, 2016 10.17.3 Form of Restricted Unit Agreement (Ratable Period of Restriction Ends in Thirds) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective February 27, 2018. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.5 February 20, 2018 10.17.4 Form of Restricted Unit Agreement (Three-Year Cliff Period of Restriction) under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective February 27, 2018. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.6 February 20, 2018 10.18.1 Form of Performance Share Agreement under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2016. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.95 February 25, 2016 10.18.2 Form of Performance Share Agreement under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective February 27, 2018. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.1 February 20, 2018 10.18.3 Form of Performance Share Agreement under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2019. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.1 December 13, 2018 10.18.4 Form of Performance Share Agreement under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective December 10, 2019. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.18.5 February 21, 2020 10.18.5 Form of Performance Share Agreement under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective February 23, 2021. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.18.5 February 19, 2021 10.18.6 Form of Performance Share Agreement under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective February 28, 2023. 
 X 10.19.1 Form of Performance Unit Agreement under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2016. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.96 February 25, 2016 10.19.2 Form of Performance Unit Agreement under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective February 27, 2018. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.2 February 20, 2018 10.19.3 Form of Performance Unit Agreement under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective January 1, 2019. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.2 December 13, 2018 10.19.4 Form of Performance Unit Agreement under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective December 10, 2019. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.19.5 February 21, 2020 10.19.5 Form of Performance Unit Agreement under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective February 23, 2021. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.19.5 February 19, 2021 10.19.6 Form of Performance Unit Agreement under the 2015 SIC Plan, effective February 28, 2023. 
 X 10.20.1 Award Agreement Supplement, effective January 1, 2016. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.105 February 25, 2016 10.20.2 Award Agreement Supplement, effective February 27, 2018. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.7 February 20, 2018 10.20.3 Award Agreement Supplement, effective February 23, 2021. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.20.3 February 19, 2021 10.21.1 MetLife Auxiliary Pension Plan, dated August 7, 2006 (as amended and restated, effective June 30, 2006). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.60 March 1, 2017 10.21.2 MetLife Auxiliary Pension Plan, dated December 21, 2006 (amending and restating Part I thereof, effective January 1, 2007). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.61 March 1, 2017 10.21.3 MetLife Auxiliary Pension Plan, dated December 21, 2007 (amending and restating Part I thereof, effective January 1, 2008). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.95 February 27, 2013 10.21.4 Amendment #1 to the MetLife Auxiliary Pension Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2008), dated October 24, 2008 (effective October 1, 2008). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.98 February 27, 2014 
 323 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 10.21.5 Amendment Number Two to the MetLife Auxiliary Pension Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2008), dated December 12, 2008 (effective December 31, 2008). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.99 February 27, 2014 10.21.6 Amendment Number Three to the MetLife Auxiliary Pension Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2008) dated March 25, 2009 (effective January 1, 2009). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.71 February 25, 2016 10.21.7 Amendment Number Four to the MetLife Auxiliary Pension Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2008), dated December 16, 2009 (effective January 1, 2010). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.102 February 27, 2015 10.21.8 Amendment Number Five to the MetLife Auxiliary Pension Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2008), dated December 21, 2010 (effective January 1, 2010). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.73 February 25, 2016 10.21.9 Amendment Number Six to the MetLife Auxiliary Pension Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2008), dated December 20, 2012 (effective January 1, 2012). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.101 February 27, 2013 10.21.10 Amendment Number Seven to the MetLife Auxiliary Pension Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2008), dated December 27, 2013 (effective December 10, 2013). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.69 March 1, 2017 10.21.11 Amendment Number 6 to the MetLife Auxiliary Pension Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2008), dated March 5, 2018 (effective March 15, 2018). 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.9 May 8, 2018 10.21.12 Amendment Number 8 to the MetLife Auxiliary Retirement Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2008, formerly referred to as the MetLife Auxiliary Pension Plan until March 15, 2018), dated September 4, 2018 (effective March 15, 2018). 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.2 November 8, 2018 10.21.13 Amendment Number Nine to the MetLife Auxiliary Retirement Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2008), dated September 26, 2018 (effective January 1, 2023). 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.3 November 8, 2018 10.21.14 Amendment Number Ten to the MetLife Auxiliary Retirement Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2008), dated November 6, 2019 (effective November 1, 2019) . 
 10-K 001-15787 10.21.14 February 18, 2022 10.21.15 Amendment Number 11 to the MetLife Auxiliary Retirement Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2008), dated April 7, 2021 (effective April 7, 2021). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.21.15 February 18, 2022 10.22.1 Alico Overseas Pension Plan, dated January 2009. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.70 March 1, 2017 10.22.2 Amendment Number One to the Alico Overseas Pension Plan (effective November 1, 2010), dated December 20, 2010. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.71 March 1, 2017 10.22.3 Amendment Number Two to the Alico Overseas Pension Plan (effective as of November 1, 2011), dated December 13, 2011. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.72 March 1, 2017 10.22.4 Amendment Number Three to the Alico Overseas Pension Plan, dated May 1, 2012 (effective January 1, 2012). 
 8-K 001-15787 10.1 May 4, 2012 10.22.5 Amendment Number Four to the Alico Overseas Pension Plan, dated June 19, 2017, effective July 1, 2017. 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.6 November 6, 2017 10.23 MetLife Deferred Compensation Plan For Globally Mobile Employees, effective July 31, 2014, for which Michel Khalaf became eligible July 1, 2017. 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.4 November 6, 2017 10.24.1 Metropolitan Life Auxiliary Savings and Investment Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2008), dated December 20, 2007 (effective January 1, 2008). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.72 February 27, 2013 10.24.2 Amendment 1 to the Metropolitan Life Auxiliary Savings and Investment Plan (Amended and Restated, Effective January 1, 2008), dated December 9, 2008 (effective January 1, 2008). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.74 February 27, 2015 
 324 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 10.24.3 Amendment Number 2 to the Metropolitan Life Auxiliary Savings and Investment Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2008), dated December 21, 2010 (effective January 1, 2010). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.48 February 25, 2016 10.24.4 Amendment Number 3 to the Metropolitan Life Auxiliary Savings and Investment Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2008), dated December 19, 2012 (effective January 1, 2012 and January 1, 2013). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.75 February 27, 2013 10.24.5 Amendment Number 4 to the Metropolitan Life Auxiliary Savings and Investment Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2008), dated December 17, 2013 (effective July 1, 2013 and January 1, 2014). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.77 February 27, 2014 10.24.6 Amendment Number 5 to the Metropolitan Life Auxiliary Savings and Investment Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2008), dated March 5, 2018 (effective March 15, 2018). 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.8 May 8, 2018 10.24.7 Amendment Number 6 to the MetLife Auxiliary Match Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2008, formerly referred to as the Metropolitan Life Auxiliary Savings and Investment Plan until March 15, 2018), dated December 23, 2020 (effective January 1, 2020). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.24.7 February 18, 2022 10.24.8 Amendment Number 7 to the MetLife Auxiliary Match Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2008), dated April 7, 2021 (effective April 7, 2021). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.24.8 February 18, 2022 10.25.1 MetLife Deferred Compensation Plan for Officers, as amended and restated, effective November 1, 2003. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.78 February 27, 2014 10.25.2 Amendment Number One to the MetLife Deferred Compensation Plan for Officers (as amended and restated as of November 1, 2003), dated May 4, 2005. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.52 February 25, 2016 10.25.3 Amendment Number Two to the MetLife Deferred Compensation Plan for Officers (as amended and restated as of November 1, 2003, effective December 14, 2005). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.53 February 25, 2016 10.25.4 Amendment Number Three to the MetLife Deferred Compensation Plan for Officers (as amended and restated as of November 1, 2003, effective February 26, 2007). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.45 March 1, 2017 10.26.1 MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated November 2, 2006 (as amended and restated, effective with respect to salary and cash incentive compensation, January 1, 2005, and with respect to stock compensation, April 15, 2005). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.46 March 1, 2017 10.26.2 Amendment Number One to the MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 13, 2007 (effective as of December 31, 2007). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.81 February 27, 2013 10.26.3 Amendment Number Two to the MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 11, 2008 (effective December 31, 2008). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.84 February 27, 2014 10.26.4 Amendment Number Three to the MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 11, 2009 (effective January 1, 2010). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.85 February 27, 2015 10.26.5 Amendment Number Four to the MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 11, 2009 (effective December 31, 2009). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.86 February 27, 2015 10.26.6 Amendment Number Five to the MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 16, 2010 (effective January 1, 2011). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.60 February 25, 2016 10.26.7 Amendment Number Six to the MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 27, 2011 (effective January 1, 2011). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.52 March 1, 2017 10.26.8 Amendment Number Seven to the MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 26, 2012 (effective January 1, 2013). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.53 March 1, 2017 
 325 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 10.26.9 Amendment Number Eight to the MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 17, 2013 (effective January 1, 2014). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.54 March 1, 2017 10.26.10 Amendment Number Nine to the MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 30, 2014 (effective January 1, 2015). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.88 February 27, 2015 10.26.11 Amendment Number Ten to the MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated September 30, 2016 (effective October 1, 2016). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.56 March 1, 2017 10.26.12 Amendment Number Eleven to the MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated September 30, 2016 (effective October 1, 2016). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.57 March 1, 2017 10.26.13 Amendment Number Twelve to the MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 19, 2017 (effective January 1, 2017 and April 1, 2017). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.29.13 February 22, 2019 10.26.14 Amendment Number Thirteen to the MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 4, 2018 (effective January 1, 2019). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.26.14 February 22, 2019 10.26.15 Amendment Number Fourteen to the MetLife Leadership Deferred Compensation Plan, dated April 7, 2021 (effective April 7, 2021). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.26.15 February 18, 2022 10.27.1 MetLife Plan for Transition Assistance for Officers, dated April 21, 2014 (as amended and restated, effective April 1, 2014 (the MPTA )). 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.2 August 8, 2014 10.27.2 Amendment Number One to the MPTA, dated December 30, 2014 (effective January 1, 2015). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.111 February 27, 2015 10.27.3 Amendment Number Two to the MPTA, dated March 30, 2016 (effective April 1, 2016). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.77 March 1, 2017 10.27.4 Amendment Number Three to the MPTA, dated June 30, 2016 (effective June 30, 2016). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.78 March 1, 2017 10.27.5 Amendment Number Four to the MPTA, dated October 24, 2016 (effective October 31, 2016). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.79 March 1, 2017 10.27.6 Amendment Number Five to the MPTA, dated November 3, 2016 (effective October 1, 2016). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.80 March 1, 2017 10.27.7 Amendment Number Six to the MPTA, dated July 20, 2017 (effective July 1, 2017). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.31.7 February 22, 2019 10.27.8 Amendment Number Seven to the MPTA, dated May 1, 2018 (effective May 1, 2018). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.31.8 February 22, 2019 10.27.9 Amendment Number Eight to the MPTA, dated September 6, 2018 (effective October 1, 2018). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.31.9 February 22, 2019 10.27.10 Amendment Number Nine to the MPTA, dated November 15, 2018 (effective October 15, 2018). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.31.10 February 22, 2019 10.27.11 Amendment Number Ten to the MPTA, dated November 15, 2018 (effective October 15, 2018). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.31.11 February 22, 2019 10.27.12 Amendment Number Ten to the MPTA, dated December 23, 2020 (effective January 1, 2021) . 
 10-K 001-15787 10.27.12 February 18, 2022 10.27.13 Amendment Number Eleven to the MPTA, dated March 3, 2021 (effective March 1, 2021). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.27.13 February 18, 2022 10.27.14 Amendment Number Twelve to the MPTA, dated April 7, 2021 (effective March 1, 2021 and April 7, 2021). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.27.14 February 18, 2022 10.27.15 Amendment Number Thirteen to the MPTA, dated April 30, 2021 (effective April 12, 2021). 
 10-K 001-15787 10.27.15 February 18, 2022 10.28.1 Adjustment of certain compensation terms for Michel Khalaf, effective July 1, 2012. 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.2 November 7, 2012 
 326 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 10.28.2 Tax Equalization Agreement dated June 10, 2015 between MetLife, Inc. and Michel Khalaf. 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.1 August 6, 2015 10.28.3 Offer Letter, dated March 25, 2009, between American Life Insurance Company and Michel Khalaf. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.2 March 1, 2017 10.28.4 Letter of Understanding, dated June 15, 2017, effective July 1, 2017, with Michel Khalaf. 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.3 November 6, 2017 10.28.5 MetLife, Inc. and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Compensation Committee and Board of Directors Resolutions of June 13, 2017 approving Michel Khalaf s eligibility to participate in the MetLife Deferred Compensation Plan For Globally Mobile Employees. 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.5 November 6, 2017 10.28.6 Amendment Number 1 to Letter of Understanding, Dated February 26, 2019, Effective February 27, 2019, with Michel Khalaf 
 8-K 001-15787 10.1 March 5, 2019 10.28.7 Confirmation of End of Employment and Waiver and Release of Claims, Effective March 4, 2019, with Michel Khalaf 
 8-K 001-15787 10.2 March 5, 2019 10.29 Sign-on Payments Letter, dated May 24, 2017, effective July 10, 2017, between MetLife Group, Inc. and Susan Podlogar. 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.1 November 6, 2017 10.30 Sign-on Payments Letter, dated June 14, 2017, effective September 11, 2017, between MetLife Group, Inc. and Ramy Tadros. 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.2 November 6, 2017 10.31 Letter Agreement entered May 4, 2018 between MetLife, Inc. and John McCallion. 
 8-K 001-15787 10.1 May 7, 2018 10.32.1 Letter of Understanding, dated August 23, 2018, effective September 1, 2018, with Kishore Ponnavolu. 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.1 November 8, 2018 10.32.2 Description of Agreement between Kishore Ponnavolu and MetLife, Inc. dated April 23, 2019. 
 10-Q 001-15787 10.1 November 5, 2019 10.33 Sign-on Payments Letter, dated August 14, 2019, effective November 19, 2019, between MetLife Group, Inc. and Bill Pappas. 
 10-K 001-15787 10.35 February 21, 2020 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 X 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 
 327 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated By Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). 
 X 
 _________ 
 Indicates management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 
 328 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 February 23, 2023 
 METLIFE, INC. By /s/ Michel A. Khalaf Name: Michel A. Khalaf Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 
 /s/ Cheryl W. Gris Director February 23, 2023 
 Cheryl W. Gris /s/ Carlos M. Gutierrez Director February 23, 2023 
 Carlos M. Gutierrez /s/ Carla A. Harris Director February 23, 2023 
 Carla A. Harris /s/ Gerald L. Hassell Director February 23, 2023 
 Gerald L. Hassell /s/ David L. Herzog Director February 23, 2023 
 David L. Herzog /s/ R. Glenn Hubbard Chairman of the Board February 23, 2023 
 R. Glenn Hubbard /s/ Edward J. Kelly, III Director February 23, 2023 
 Edward J. Kelly, III /s/ William E. Kennard Director February 23, 2023 
 William E. Kennard /s/ Catherine R. Kinney Director February 23, 2023 
 Catherine R. Kinney /s/ Diana L. McKenzie Director February 23, 2023 
 Diana L. McKenzie /s/ Denise M. Morrison Director February 23, 2023 
 Denise M. Morrison /s/ Mark A. Weinberger Director February 23, 2023 
 Mark A. Weinberger 
 329 

Table of Contents 

 Signature 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/ Michel A. Khalaf President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Michel A. Khalaf February 23, 2023 
 /s/ John D. McCallion Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) John D. McCallion February 23, 2023 
 /s/ Tamara L. Schock Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Tamara L. Schock February 23, 2023 
 
 330 

<EX-4.18>
 2
 mlinc-12312022xex418.htm
 EX-4.18

Document 

Exhibit 4.18 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following description of MetLife, Inc. s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is qualified in its entirety by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (our Certificate of Incorporation ), our amended and restated by-laws (our By-Laws ), the respective Certificates of Designations for the series of preferred stock described below and the respective Deposit Agreements in connection with the Series E Depositary Shares and the Series F Depositary Shares (each as defined below), each of which we have previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and applicable law. As used in this exhibit, we, us, our and MetLife mean MetLife, Inc. and do not include its subsidiaries. 
 
 We have authorized 3,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share common stock ), and 200,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. As of February 14, 2023, we had six classes of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act 
 
 common stock, of which 774,362,092 shares were outstanding as of February 14, 2023. The remaining shares of authorized and unissued common stock will be available for future issuance without additional stockholder approval. 
 Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A (the Series A Preferred Shares ), of which 24,000,000 shares were issued and outstanding as of February 14, 2023 
 5.875 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D (the Series D Preferred Shares ), of which 500,000 shares were issued and outstanding as of February 14, 2023 
 Depositary Shares (the Series E Depositary Shares ), each representing a 1 1,000th interest in a share of 5.625 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E (the Series E Preferred Shares ), of which 32,200,000 Series E Depositary Shares representing 32,200 Series E Preferred Shares were issued and outstanding as of February 14, 2023 
 Depositary Shares (the Series F Depositary Shares ), each representing a 1 1,000th interest in a share of 4.75 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F (the Series F Preferred Shares ), of which 40,000,000 Series F Depositary Shares representing 40,000 Series F Preferred Shares were issued and outstanding as of February 14, 2023 and 
 3.850 Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G (the Series G Preferred Shares ), of which 1,000,000 shares were issued and outstanding as of February 14, 2023. 

DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 Dividends 
 The holders of common stock, after any preferences of holders of any preferred stock, are entitled to receive dividends as determined by our board of directors. The declaration and payment of common stock dividends will also depend on our financial condition, results of operations, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by our insurance subsidiaries and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. There is no requirement or assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends. The Certificates of Designations for the Series A Preferred Shares, the Series D Preferred Shares, the Series E Preferred Shares, Series F Preferred Shares and Series G Preferred Shares (collectively, the Preferred Shares all prohibit the declaration or payment of dividends or distributions on common stock if dividends are not paid on the Preferred Shares, and the Certificate of Designations for the Series A Preferred Shares further prohibits the payment of dividends on the Series A Preferred Shares under certain circumstances. In addition, (i) our 6.40 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2066, (ii) our 10.75 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2069, (iii) upon an exchange of the 7.875 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Exchangeable Surplus Trust Securities of MetLife Capital Trust IV, our related 7.875 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2067, and (iv) our 9.250 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2068, all prohibit the declaration or payment of dividends or distributions on common stock under certain circumstances if interest is not paid in full on such securities, whether because of a mandatory or optional payment deferral, subject to certain exceptions. 
 Voting Rights 
 The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters on which the holders of common stock are entitled to vote and do not have any cumulative voting rights. 
 Liquidation and Dissolution 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of common stock are entitled to share equally and ratably in our assets, if any, remaining after the payment of all of our liabilities and the liquidation preference of any outstanding class or series of preferred stock. 
 Other Rights 
 The holders of common stock have no preemptive, conversion, redemption or sinking fund rights. The holders of shares of our common stock are not required to make additional capital contributions. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Inc. (successor in interest to Mellon Investor Services LLC). 
 2 

Certain Provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws and in Delaware and New York Law 
 A number of provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws deal with matters of corporate governance and rights of stockholders. The following discussion is a general summary of selected provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws and regulatory provisions that might be deemed to have a potential anti-takeover effect. These provisions may have the effect of discouraging a future takeover attempt which is not approved by our board of directors but which individual stockholders may deem to be in their best interests or in which stockholders may receive a substantial premium for their shares over then current market prices. As a result, stockholders who might desire to participate in such a transaction may not have an opportunity to do so. Such provisions will also render the removal of the incumbent board of directors or management more difficult. Some provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and the New York Insurance Law may also have an anti-takeover effect. The following description of selected provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws and selected provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and the New York Insurance Law is necessarily general and reference should be made in each case to our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws, which are filed with the SEC, and to the provisions of those laws. 
 Exercise of Duties by Board of Directors 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that while the MetLife Policyholder Trust (as described below) is in existence, each of our directors is required, in exercising his or her duties as a director, to take the interests of the trust beneficiaries into account as if they were holders of the shares of common stock held in the trust, except to the extent that any such director determines, based on advice of counsel, that to do so would violate his or her duties as a director under Delaware law. 
 Restriction on Maximum Number of Directors and Filling of Vacancies on Our Board of Directors 
 Pursuant to our By-Laws and subject to the rights of the holders of any class of preferred stock, the number of directors may be fixed from time to time exclusively by resolution adopted by a majority of the entire board of directors, but the board of directors will at no time consist of fewer than three directors. Stockholders may remove a director with or without cause at a meeting of the stockholders by a vote of a majority of the combined voting power of the outstanding stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, in which case the vacancy caused by such removal may be filled at such meeting by the stockholders entitled to vote for the election of the director so removed. Any vacancy on the board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors or resulting from a removal where the stockholders have not filled the vacancy, subject to the rights of the holders of any class of preferred stock, may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum. These provisions give incumbent directors significant authority that may have the effect of limiting the ability of stockholders to effect a change in management. 
 3 

Advance Notice Requirements for Nomination of Directors and Presentation of New Business at Meetings of Stockholders Action by Written Consent 
 Our By-Laws provide for advance notice and other provisions in respect of stockholder proposals and nominations for director. In addition, pursuant to the provisions of both the Certificate of Incorporation and the By-Laws, stockholder action may not be taken by written consent. Rather, any action taken by the stockholders must be effected at a duly called meeting. The chairman, the chief executive officer or the secretary pursuant to a board resolution or, under some circumstances, the president or a director who also is an officer, may call a special meeting. Our By-Laws also permit stockholders representing ownership of 25 or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock to call a special meeting of the stockholders, provided that the stockholders satisfy the requirements specified in the By-Laws. These provisions make it more difficult for a stockholder to place a proposal or nomination on the meeting agenda and prohibit a stockholder from taking action without a meeting, and therefore may reduce the likelihood that a stockholder will seek to take independent action to replace directors or with respect to other matters that are not supported by management for stockholder vote. 
 Limitations on Director Liability 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation contains a provision that is designed to limit the directors liability to the extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law and any amendments to that law. 
 Specifically, directors will not be held liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for an act or omission in their capacity as a director, except for liability as a result of 
 a breach of the duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders 
 acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law 
 payment of an improper dividend or improper redemption or repurchase of our stock under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law or 
 any transaction from which the director received an improper personal benefit. 
 The principal effect of the limitation on liability provision is that a stockholder is unable to prosecute an action for monetary damages against one of our directors unless the stockholder can demonstrate one of the specified bases for liability. This provision, however, does not eliminate or limit director liability arising in connection with causes of action brought under the federal securities laws. Our Certificate of Incorporation also does not eliminate the directors duty of care. The inclusion of the limitation on liability provision in the certificate may, however, discourage or deter stockholders or management from bringing a lawsuit against directors for a breach of their fiduciary duties, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise have benefited us and our stockholders. This provision should not affect the availability of equitable remedies such as injunction or rescission based upon a director s breach of the duty of care. 
 4 

Our By-Laws also provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. We are required to indemnify our directors and officers for all judgments, fines, amounts paid in settlement, legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with pending or threatened legal proceedings because of the director s or officer s position with us or another entity, including Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, that the director or officer serves at our request, subject to certain conditions, and to advance funds to our directors and officers to enable them to defend against such proceedings. To receive indemnification, the director or officer must succeed in the legal proceeding or act in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to our best interests and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be lawful. 
 Business Combination Statute 
 In addition, as a Delaware corporation with a class of voting stock listed on a national securities exchange, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, unless we elect in our Certificate of Incorporation not to be governed by the provisions of Section 203. We have not made that election. Section 203 can affect the ability of an interested stockholder of MetLife to engage in certain business combinations, including mergers, consolidations or acquisitions of additional MetLife shares for a period of three years following the time that the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is defined to include any person owning, directly or indirectly, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of a corporation. The provisions of Section 203 are not applicable in some circumstances, including those in which (1) the business combination or transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder is approved by the corporation s board of directors prior to the time the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder or (2) the interested stockholder, upon consummation of such transaction, owns at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding prior to such transaction. 
 Restrictions on Acquisitions of Securities 
 The insurance laws and regulations of New York, the jurisdiction in which our principal insurance subsidiary, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, is organized, may delay or impede a business combination involving us. In addition to the limitations described in the immediately preceding paragraph, the New York Insurance Law prohibits any person from acquiring control of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, either directly or indirectly through any acquisition of control of MetLife, without the prior approval of the New York Superintendent of Financial Services. That law presumes that control exists where any person, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds the power to vote 10 or more of our outstanding voting stock, unless the New York Superintendent of Financial Services, upon application, determines otherwise. Even persons who do not acquire beneficial ownership of more than 10 of the outstanding shares of our common stock may be deemed to have acquired such control, if the New York Superintendent of Financial Services determines that such persons, directly or indirectly, exercise a controlling influence over our management or policies. Therefore, any person seeking to acquire a controlling interest in MetLife would face regulatory obstacles which may delay, deter or prevent an acquisition. 
 The insurance holding company laws and other insurance laws of many other states also regulate changes of control (generally presumed upon acquisitions of 10 or more of voting securities) of domestic insurers (including insurers we own) and insurance holding companies such as MetLife. 
 5 

MetLife Policyholder Trust 
 Under a plan of reorganization adopted in September 1999, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company converted from a mutual life insurance company to a stock life insurance company subsidiary of MetLife. The MetLife Policyholder Trust was established to hold the shares of common stock allocated to eligible policyholders. A total of 494,466,664 shares of common stock were distributed to the MetLife Policyholder Trust for the benefit of policyholders of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company on the effective date of the plan of reorganization. As of February 14, 2023, the trust held 122,923,807 shares of our common stock. Because of the number of shares the trust holds and the voting provisions of the trust, the trust may affect the outcome of matters brought to a stockholder vote. 
 
 The trustee will generally vote all of the shares of common stock held in the trust in accordance with the recommendations given by our board of directors to our stockholders or, if the board gives no such recommendation, as directed by the board, except on votes regarding certain fundamental corporate actions. As a result of the voting provisions of the trust, our board of directors will effectively be able to control votes on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, excluding those fundamental corporate actions described below, so long as the trust holds a substantial number of shares of our common stock. 
 If the vote relates to fundamental corporate actions specified in the trust, the trustee will solicit instructions from the beneficiaries and vote all shares held in the trust in proportion to the instructions it receives, which would give disproportionate weight to the instructions actually given by trust beneficiaries. These actions include 
 an election or removal of directors in which a stockholder has properly nominated one or more candidates in opposition to a nominee or nominees of our board of directors or a vote on a stockholder s proposal to oppose a board nominee for director, remove a director for cause or fill a vacancy caused by the removal of a director by stockholders, subject to certain conditions 
 a merger or consolidation, a sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets, or our recapitalization or dissolution, in each case requiring a vote of our stockholders under applicable Delaware law 
 any transaction that would result in an exchange or conversion of shares of common stock held by the trust for cash, securities or other property and 
 any proposal requiring our board of directors to amend or redeem the rights under the stockholder rights plan, other than a proposal with respect to which we have received advice of nationally-recognized legal counsel to the effect that the proposal is not a proper subject for stockholder action under Delaware law. 
 
 6 

DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES A PREFERRED SHARES 
 General 
 The Series A Preferred Shares rank senior to our junior stock (as defined in this section) and at least equally with the Series D Preferred Shares, the Series E Preferred Shares, the Series F Preferred Shares, the Series G Preferred Shares and each other series of our preferred stock that we may issue (except for any senior series that may be issued with the requisite consent of the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares), with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. In addition, we will generally be able to pay dividends and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up only out of lawfully available funds for such payment i.e. , after taking account of all indebtedness and other non-equity claims). The Series A Preferred Shares are fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of the Series A Preferred Shares do not have preemptive or subscription rights to acquire more of our stock. 
 The Series A Preferred Shares are not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of our stock or our other securities. The Series A Preferred Shares have no stated maturity and are not subject to any sinking fund, retirement fund or purchase fund or other obligation of MetLife to redeem, repurchase or retire the Series A Preferred Shares. 
 Dividends 
 Dividends on the Series A Preferred Shares are not mandatory. Holders of Series A Preferred Shares are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends, quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of March, June, September and December of each year. These dividends accrue, with respect to each dividend period, on the liquidation preference amount of 25 per Series A Preferred Share at an annual rate of the greater of 
 1.00 above three month LIBOR on the related LIBOR determination date (as described below) or 
 4.00 . 
 In the event that we issue additional Series A Preferred Shares, dividends on such additional shares may accrue from the most recent dividend payment date or any other date we specify at the time such additional shares are issued. 
 Dividends are payable to holders of record of the Series A Preferred Shares as they appear on our books on the applicable record date, which is the 15th calendar day before that dividend payment date or such other record date fixed by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such dividend payment date. These dividend record dates will apply regardless of whether a particular dividend record date is a business day. 
 A dividend period is the period from and including a dividend payment date to, but excluding, the next dividend payment date. Dividends payable on the Series A Preferred Shares are computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in the dividend period. If any date on which dividends would otherwise be payable is not a business day, then the dividend payment date will be the next succeeding business day unless such day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the dividend payment date will be the first preceding day that is a business day. 
 7 

For any dividend period, LIBOR will be determined by the calculation agent on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period (the LIBOR determination date in the following manner 
 LIBOR will be the annual offered rate for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such period, as that rate appears on Moneyline Telerate Page 3750 as of 11 00 a.m., London time, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period. 
 If the rate described above does not appear on Moneyline Telerate page 3750, LIBOR will be determined on the basis of the rates, at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period, at which deposits of the following kind are offered to prime banks in the London interbank market by four major banks in that market selected by the calculation agent three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such dividend period, and in a Representative Amount. The calculation agent will request the principal London office of each of these banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two quotations are provided, LIBOR on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. 
 If fewer than two quotations are provided as described above, LIBOR on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period will be the arithmetic mean of the rates for loans of the following kind to leading European banks quoted, at approximately 11 00 a.m. New York City time, on the second London business day immediately preceding the first day of such dividend period, by three major banks in New York City selected by the calculation agent three-month loans of U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such dividend period, and in a Representative Amount. 
 If fewer than three banks selected by the calculation agent are quoting as described above, LIBOR for the new dividend period will be LIBOR in effect for the prior dividend period. 
 The calculation agent s determination of any dividend rate, and its calculation of the amount of dividends for any dividend period, will be on file at our principal offices, will be made available to any stockholder upon request and will be final and binding in the absence of manifest error. 
 In this section, we use several terms that have special meanings relevant to calculating LIBOR. We define these terms as follows 
 The term Representative Amount means an amount that, in the calculation agent s judgment, is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 The term Moneyline Telerate Page means the display on Moneyline Telerate, Inc., or any successor service, on the page or pages specified above or any replacement page or pages on that service. 
 The term business day means a day that is a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday and is not a day on which banking institutions in New York City generally are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
 The term London business day means a day that is a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday and is a day on which dealings in U.S. dollars are transacted in the London interbank market. 
 8 

Dividends on the Series A Preferred Shares are not cumulative. Accordingly, if our board of directors, or a duly authorized committee of the board, does not declare a dividend on the Series A Preferred Shares payable in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, such dividend will not accrue and we will have no obligation to pay a dividend for that dividend period on the dividend payment date or at any future time, whether or not dividends on the Series A Preferred Shares are declared for any future dividend period. 
 So long as any Series A Preferred Shares remain outstanding for any dividend period, unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on all outstanding Series A Preferred Shares and parity stock (as defined in this section) have been declared and paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside) 
 we shall not pay or declare any dividend on any junior stock (other than a dividend payable solely in junior stock) and 
 we shall not purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for consideration, directly or indirectly, any junior stock (other than as a result of a reclassification of junior stock for or into other junior stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of junior stock for or into another share of junior stock and other than through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of junior stock). 
 As used in this section, junior stock means our common stock, our Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Series A Junior Preferred Shares ), and any other class or series of our stock that ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Shares either as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. We have not issued any Series A Junior Preferred Shares. The stockholder rights plan related to the Series A Junior Preferred Shares expired at the close of business on April 4, 2010 and was not renewed. 
 When dividends are not paid (or duly provided for) in full on any dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series A Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series A Preferred Shares) upon the Series A Preferred Shares and any shares of parity stock, all dividends declared upon the Series A Preferred Shares and all such parity stock and payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series A Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series A Preferred Shares) shall be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued but unpaid dividends per Series A Preferred Share and all parity stock payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series A Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series A Preferred Shares) bear to each other. 
 As used in this section, parity stock means the Series D Preferred Shares, the Series E Preferred Shares, the Series F Preferred Shares, the Series G Preferred Shares and any other class or series of our stock that ranks equally with the Series A Preferred Shares in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 9 

Restrictions on Declaration and Payment of Dividends 
 We are prohibited from paying dividends on the Series A Preferred Shares under certain circumstances. The terms of the Series A Preferred Shares limit our ability to declare dividends for payment on any dividend payment date if, on that declaration date, either 
 (i) the covered insurance subsidiaries risk-based capital ratio was less than 175 of the company action level for such subsidiaries, in the case of each covered insurance subsidiary based on the most recent annual financial statements for the year ended prior to such dividend payment date for which such subsidiary has filed its annual statement with the applicable state insurance commissioners (annual statements for a year are generally required to be filed on or before March 1 of the following year) or 
 
 (ii) (x) the Trailing Four Quarters Consolidated Net Income Amount for the period ending on the quarter that is two quarters prior to the most recently completed quarter is zero or a negative amount and (y) the Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amount as of the most recently completed quarter and as of the end of the quarter that is two quarters before the most recently completed quarter has declined by 10 or more as compared to the Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amount at the end of the benchmark quarter (the date that is ten (10) quarters prior to the most recently completed quarter or, the Benchmark Quarter End Test Date ). 
 
 If we fail to satisfy either of the above tests for any dividend payment date, the restrictions on dividends will continue until we are able again to satisfy both tests for a dividend payment date. In addition, in the case of a restriction arising under clause (ii) above, the restrictions on dividends will continue until we satisfy the two tests in clauses (i) and (ii) above for a dividend payment date and our Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amount has increased, or has declined by less than 10 , in either case as compared to the Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amount at the end of the benchmark quarter for each dividend payment date as to which dividend restrictions were imposed under clause (ii) above. For example, if we failed to satisfy the test in clause (ii) above for three consecutive dividend payment dates, we would be able to declare dividends on the Series A Preferred Shares on the fourth dividend payment date only if, as of the related dividend declaration date 
 we satisfied the tests in each of clauses (i) and (ii) above for that fourth dividend payment date, and 
 our Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amount as of the last completed quarter for that dividend payment date had increased from, or was less than 10 below, its level at the end of the benchmark quarter for each of the prior three dividend payment dates for which dividends were restricted under clause (ii) above. In effect, our Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amount as of the most recently completed quarter for that dividend payment date would have to be greater than, or less than 10 below, its level as of the end of not only the tenth quarter, but also each of the eleventh, twelfth and thirteenth quarters, preceding the most recently completed quarter. 
 The test in clause (i) above shall not apply on any dividend declaration date if, as of such date, the combined total assets of our U.S. life insurance subsidiaries (other than life insurance companies that are subsidiaries of other life insurance companies) do not account for 25 or more of our consolidated total assets as reflected on our most recent consolidated financial statements filed with the SEC or posted on our website as described below. 
 10 

In this section, we use several terms that have special meanings relevant to the mandatory dividend suspension tests. We define these terms as follows 
 The term Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amount means, as of any quarter end and subject to certain adjustments, our shareholders equity as reflected on our consolidated GAAP balance sheet as of such quarter end minus accumulated other comprehensive income as reflected on such consolidated balance sheet. 
 The term covered insurance subsidiaries means our largest U.S. life insurance subsidiaries (in terms of general account admitted assets) that collectively account for 80 or more of the general account admitted assets of all of our U.S. life insurance subsidiaries. For purposes of this definition, life insurance subsidiaries does not include life insurance companies that are subsidiaries of other life insurance companies. 
 The term GAAP means, at any date or for any period, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as in effect on such date or for such period. 
 The term risk-based capital ratio in clause (i) above refers to a ratio that insurance companies are required to calculate and report to their regulators as of the end of each year in accordance with prescribed procedures. The ratio measures the relationship of the insurance company s total adjusted capital, calculated in accordance with those prescribed procedures, relative to a standard that is determined based on the magnitude of various risks present in the insurer s operations. The NAIC s model risk-based capital RBC law sets forth the RBC levels, ranging from the company action level to the mandatory control level, at which certain corrective actions are required and at which a state insurance regulator is authorized and expected to take regulatory action. The highest RBC level is known as the company action level. If an insurance company s total adjusted capital is higher than the company action level, no corrective action is required to be taken. At progressively lower levels of total adjusted capital, an insurance company faces increasingly rigorous levels of corrective action, including the submission of a comprehensive financial plan to the insurance regulator in its state of domicile, a mandatory examination or analysis of the insurer s business and operations by the regulator and the issuance of appropriate corrective orders to address the insurance company s financial problems, and, at the lowest levels, either voluntary or mandatory action by the regulator to place the insurer under regulatory control. The company action level is twice the level (known as the authorized control level below which the regulator is authorized (but not yet required) to place the insurance company under regulatory control. 
 The term Trailing Four Quarters Consolidated Net Income Amount means, for any fiscal quarter, the sum of our consolidated GAAP net income for the four fiscal quarters ending as of the last day of such fiscal quarter. 
 With the exception of statutory accounting terms such as general account admitted assets and terms that have specific insurance regulatory meanings such as risk-based capital, all financial terms used in this section are determined in accordance with GAAP as applied to and reflected in our related financial statements as of the relevant dates, except as provided in the next sentence. If because of a change in GAAP that results in a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle or a restatement, either 
 11 

our consolidated net income is higher or lower than it would have been absent such change, then, for purposes of the calculations described in clause (ii) above, commencing with the fiscal quarter for which such change in GAAP becomes effective, such consolidated net income will be calculated on a pro forma basis as if such change had not occurred or 
 the Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amount as of a quarter end is higher or lower than it would have been absent such change, then, for purposes of the calculations described in clause (ii) above, the Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amount will be calculated on a pro forma basis as if such change had not occurred, subject to certain limitations described in the Certificate of Designations for the Series A Preferred Shares. 
 If at any relevant time or for any relevant period we are not a reporting company under the Exchange Act, then for any such relevant dates and periods we shall prepare and post on our website the financial statements that we would have been required to file with the SEC had we continued to be a reporting company under the Exchange Act, in each case on or before the dates that we would have been required to file such financial statements had we been an accelerated filer within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. 
 If we fail either of these tests with respect to a dividend payment date, dividends declared for such dividend payment date, together with aggregate dividends declared with respect to parity stock during the dividend period related to such dividend payment date, may not exceed the net proceeds we have received from issuances of common stock within the 90 days preceding the related dividend declaration date. 
 Notices Related to Potential or Actual Mandatory Suspension of Dividends 
 We are required to give notice to holders of Series A Preferred Shares of a potential mandatory suspension of dividends that could take effect for a subsequent dividend payment date two quarters in the future if 
 the Trailing Four Quarters Consolidated Net Income Amount for the most recently completed quarter is zero or a negative amount and 
 the Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amount as of the most recently completed quarter has declined by 10 or more as compared to the Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amount as of the date that is eight quarters prior to the most recently completed quarter. 
 We shall send such notice no later than the first dividend payment date following the end of the most recently completed quarter as of which the above tests indicate that a potential mandatory suspension of dividends could occur. We shall send such notice by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the holders of record of the Series A Preferred Shares at their respective last addresses appearing on our books, and shall file a copy of such notice on Form 8-K with the SEC. Such notice shall (x) set forth the results of the Trailing Four Quarters Consolidated Net Income Amount and Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amounts for the relevant period and dates, and (y) state that we may be precluded by the terms of the Series A Preferred Shares from declaring and paying dividends on such dividend payment date unless we, through the generation of earnings or issuance of new shares of common stock, increase our Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amount by an amount specified in such notice by the second dividend payment date after the date of such notice. 
 12 

By not later than the 15th day prior to each dividend payment date for which dividends are being suspended by reason of the tests set forth in clauses (i) or (ii) above, we shall give notice of such suspension by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the holders of record of the Series A Preferred Shares, and shall file a copy of such notice on Form 8-K with the SEC. Such notice, in addition to stating that dividends will be suspended, shall set forth the fact that the covered insurance subsidiaries risk-based capital ratio is less than 175 of such subsidiaries company action level if dividends are suspended by reason of failing to satisfy the test in clause (i) above and the applicable Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amount (and the amount by which the Adjusted Shareholders Equity Amount must increase in order for declaration and payment of dividends to be resumed) if dividends are suspended by reason of failing to satisfy the test in clause (ii) above. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of the Series A Preferred Shares are entitled to receive out of our assets available for distribution to stockholders, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors, if any, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of any junior stock, a liquidating distribution in the amount of 25 per Series A Preferred Share plus declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of the Series A Preferred Shares will not be entitled to any other amounts from us after they have received their full liquidation preference. 
 In any such distribution, if our assets are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preferences in full to all holders of the Series A Preferred Shares and all holders of any parity stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series A Preferred Shares and to the holders of any parity stock will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of those holders. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of preferred stock means the amount payable to such holder in such distribution, including any declared but unpaid dividends (and any unpaid, accrued cumulative dividends in the case of any holder of stock on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis). If the liquidation preference has been paid in full to all holders of the Series A Preferred Shares and all holders of any parity stock, the holders of our other stock shall be entitled to receive all of our remaining assets according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 For purposes of this section, our merger or consolidation with any other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares receive cash, securities or property for their shares, or the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets for cash, securities or other property shall not constitute our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 Redemption 
 The Series A Preferred Shares are not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, retirement fund, purchase fund or other similar provisions. The Series A Preferred Shares are redeemable at our option and subject to the prior approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board ), as described below, in whole or in part, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days notice, at a redemption price equal to 25 per Series A Preferred Share, plus declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of the Series A Preferred Shares do not have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series A Preferred Shares. 
 13 

If the Series A Preferred Shares are to be redeemed, we shall give the notice of redemption by first class mail to the holders of record of the Series A Preferred Shares to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof provided that, if the Series A Preferred Shares are held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company DTC ), we may give such notice in any manner permitted by the DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth 
 the redemption date 
 the number of Series A Preferred Shares to be redeemed and, if less than all the Series A Preferred Shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such Series A Preferred Shares to be redeemed from such holder 
 the redemption price and 
 the place or places where holders may surrender certificates evidencing the Series A Preferred Shares for payment of the redemption price. 
 If we have given a notice of redemption of any Series A Preferred Shares and have set aside the funds necessary for such redemption for the benefit of the holders of any Series A Preferred Shares so called for redemption, then, from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such Series A Preferred Shares, such Series A Preferred Shares shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such Series A Preferred Shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 
 In case of any redemption of only part of the Series A Preferred Shares at the time outstanding, the Series A Preferred Shares to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as we may determine to be fair and equitable. 
 We may not redeem the Series A Preferred Shares without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board, if such approval is then required under applicable law or capital regulations. 
 We intend that, if we redeem the Series A Preferred Shares, we will redeem such Series A Preferred Shares only to the extent the aggregate liquidation preference of the shares redeemed is less than the New Equity Amount as of the date of redemption, if any. This intention also applies to any Series A Preferred Shares that any regulatory authority requires us to redeem, unless such regulatory authority directs us otherwise. 
 New Equity Amount means at any date the amount, if any, of the net proceeds to us or our affiliates of shares of junior stock or parity stock or our or our affiliates Other Qualifying Securities newly issued during the six months prior to such date to purchasers other than to our affiliates. 
 Other Qualifying Security means, at any time, a security or instrument that is of a type that has equal or greater equity characteristics than the Series A Preferred Shares. 
 14 

Voting Rights 
 Except as provided below, the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares will have no voting rights. Whenever dividends on any Series A Preferred Shares shall have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods (as used in this section, a Nonpayment ), the holders of such Series A Preferred Shares, voting together as a single class with holders of any and all other series of voting preferred stock (as defined in this section) then outstanding, will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of our board of directors (as used in this section, the Preferred Stock Directors ), provided that the election of any such directors shall not cause us to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which our securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors. In that event, the number of directors on our board of directors shall automatically increase by two, and the new directors shall be elected at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series A Preferred Shares or of any other series of voting preferred stock (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election shall be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until dividends on the Series A Preferred Shares and any such series of voting preferred stock for at least four dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, following the Nonpayment shall have been fully paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of such dividends shall have been set aside for payment). 
 As used in this section, voting preferred stock means any other class or series of our preferred stock ranking equally with the Series A Preferred Shares either as to dividends or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, and includes the Series D Preferred Shares, the Series E Preferred Shares, the Series F Preferred Shares and the Series G Preferred Shares. Whether a plurality, majority or other portion of the Series A Preferred Shares and any other voting preferred stock have been voted in favor of any matter shall be determined by reference to the liquidation amounts of the Series A Preferred Shares voted. 
 If and when dividends for at least four dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, following a Nonpayment have been paid in full (or declared and a sum sufficient for such payment shall have been set aside), the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and, if such voting rights for all other holders of voting preferred stock have terminated, the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected shall terminate and the number of directors on the board of directors shall automatically decrease by two. In determining whether dividends have been paid for four dividend periods following a Nonpayment, we may take account of any dividend we elect to pay for such a dividend period after the regular dividend date for that period has passed. Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding Series A Preferred Shares and any other shares of voting preferred stock then outstanding (voting together as a class) when they have the voting rights described above. So long as a Nonpayment shall continue, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding Series A Preferred Shares and any other shares of voting preferred stock then outstanding (voting together as a class) when they have the voting rights described above. The Preferred Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 15 

So long as any Series A Preferred Shares remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series A Preferred Shares and all other series of voting preferred stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting 
 amend or alter the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the Series A Preferred Shares so as to authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Shares with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up 
 amend, alter or repeal the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the Series A Preferred Shares so as to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series A Preferred Shares, taken as a whole or 
 consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Series A Preferred Shares or merge or consolidate with another entity, unless in each case (i) the Series A Preferred Shares remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such Series A Preferred Shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series A Preferred Shares, taken as a whole 
 provided , however , that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series A Preferred Shares or authorized preferred stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of preferred stock ranking equally with and or junior to the Series A Preferred Shares with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, will not be deemed to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series A Preferred Shares. 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would materially and adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series A Preferred Shares for this purpose), then only the series materially and adversely affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 Without the consent of the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares, so long as such action does not adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series A Preferred Shares, taken as a whole, we may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Series A Preferred Shares 
 to cure any ambiguity, or to cure, correct or supplement any provision contained in the Certificate of Designations for the Series A Preferred Shares that may be defective or inconsistent or 
 to make any provision with respect to matters or questions arising with respect to the Series A Preferred Shares that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the Certificate of Designations. 
 16 

The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, we have redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice all outstanding Series A Preferred Shares and have set aside sufficient funds for the benefit of the holders of Series A Preferred Shares to effect such redemption. 
 Listing of the Series A Preferred Shares 
 The Series A Preferred Shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol MET PRA. 
 Transfer Agent, Registrar and Calculation Agent 
 Computershare Inc. (successor in interest to Mellon Investor Services LLC) is the transfer agent, registrar, dividend disbursing agent and redemption agent for the Series A Preferred Shares. 
 The Bank of New York Mellon (successor in interest to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) is the calculation agent for the Series A Preferred Shares. 

Delivery and Form 
 
 The Series A Preferred Shares are represented by one or more fully registered global security certificates. Each such global certificate was deposited with, or on behalf of, DTC and registered in the name of DTC or a nominee thereof. 

17 

DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES D PREFERRED SHARES 
 General 
 The Series D Preferred Shares rank senior to our junior stock (as defined in this section) and equally with the Series A Preferred Shares, the Series E Preferred Shares, the Series F Preferred Shares, the Series G Preferred Shares and each other series of our preferred stock that we may issue (except for any senior series that may be issued with the requisite consent of the holders of the Series D Preferred Shares), with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. In addition, we will generally be able to pay dividends, any redemption price and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up only out of lawfully available funds for such payment i . e ., after taking account of all indebtedness and other non-equity claims). The Series D Preferred Shares are fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of the Series D Preferred Shares do not have preemptive or subscription rights to acquire more of our stock. 
 The Series D Preferred Shares are not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of our stock or our other securities. The Series D Preferred Shares have no stated maturity and are not subject to any sinking fund, retirement fund or purchase fund or other obligation of MetLife to redeem, repurchase or retire the Series D Preferred Shares. 
 Dividends 
 Dividends on the Series D Preferred Shares are not mandatory. Holders of Series D Preferred Shares are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board), out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends that accrue for the relevant dividend period (i) semi-annually in arrears on the 15th day of March and September of each year, through March 15, 2028, at a fixed rate per annum of 5.875 on the liquidation preference amount of 1,000 per Series D Preferred Share, and (ii) following March 15, 2028, quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of March, June, September and December of each year, at a floating rate per annum equal to three-month U.S. dollar LIBOR plus 2.959 on the related LIBOR determination date on the liquidation preference amount of 1,000 per Series D Preferred Share. Payment dates are subject to adjustment for business days. 
 A dividend period is the period from, and including, a dividend payment date to, but excluding, the next dividend payment date. Dividends are payable to holders of record of the Series D Preferred Shares as they appear on our books on the applicable record date, which is the 15th calendar day before that dividend payment date or such other record date fixed by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such dividend payment date. Dividend record dates will apply regardless of whether a particular dividend record date is a business day. 
 18 

Dividends payable on the Series D Preferred Shares for any dividend period beginning prior to March 15, 2028 (each, a Fixed Rate Period are calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months, and dividends for dividend periods beginning on or after such date (each, a Floating Rate Period will be calculated by the calculation agent on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in such dividend period. If any dividend payment date on or prior to March 15, 2028 is a day that is not a business day, then the dividend with respect to that dividend payment date will instead be paid on the immediately succeeding business day, without interest or other payment in respect of such delayed payment. If any date after March 15, 2028 on which dividends would otherwise be payable is a day that is not a business day, then the dividend payment date will be the immediately succeeding business day unless such day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the dividend payment date will instead be the immediately preceding day that is a business day, and dividends will accrue to the dividend payment date as so adjusted. Business day means any day other than a day on which federal or state banking institutions in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, are authorized or obligated by law, executive order or regulation to close. 
 For any Floating Rate Period, LIBOR will be determined by the calculation agent on the LIBOR determination date in the following manner 
 LIBOR will be the offered rate expressed as a percentage per annum for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars, beginning on the first day of such dividend period, as that rate appears on Reuters screen LIBOR01 (or any successor or replacement page) as of approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, on the related LIBOR determination date. 
 If LIBOR has been discontinued, then the calculation agent will consult with an investment bank of national standing to determine whether there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate to LIBOR. If, after such consultation, the calculation agent determines that there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate, the calculation agent shall use such substitute or successor base rate. In such case, the calculation agent in its sole discretion may (without implying a corresponding obligation to do so) also implement changes to the definition of business day, the LIBOR determination date and any method for obtaining the substitute or successor base rate if such rate is unavailable on the relevant business day, in a manner that is consistent with industry accepted practices for such substitute or successor base rate. 
 Unless the calculation agent determines that there is an industry accepted substitute or successor base rate as so provided in the second bullet point, the following will apply 
 If no offered rate appears on Reuters screen LIBOR01 (or any successor or replacement page) at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, on the relevant LIBOR determination date, then the calculation agent, after consultation with us, will select four major banks in the London interbank market and will request each of their principal London offices to provide a quotation of the rate at which three-month deposits in U.S. dollars in amounts of at least 1,000,000 are offered by it to prime banks in the London interbank market, on that date and at that time, that is representative of single transactions at that time. If at least two quotations are provided, three-month LIBOR will be the arithmetic average (rounded upward if necessary to the nearest 0.00001 of 1 of the quotations provided. 
 19 

Otherwise, the calculation agent, after consultation with us, will select three major banks in New York City and will request each of them to provide a quotation of the rate offered by it at approximately 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the LIBOR determination date for loans in U.S. dollars to leading European banks having an index maturity of three months for the applicable dividend period in an amount of at least 1,000,000 that is representative of single transactions at that time. If three quotations are provided, three-month LIBOR will be the arithmetic average (rounded upward if necessary to the nearest .00001 of 1 of the quotations provided. 
 Otherwise, the calculation agent, after consulting such sources as it deems comparable to any of the foregoing quotations or display page, or any such source as it deems reasonable from which to estimate three-month LIBOR or any of the foregoing lending rates, shall determine three-month LIBOR for the relevant dividend period in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the calculation agent is unable or refuses to exercise such discretion with respect to any such dividend period, three-month LIBOR for such dividend period will be equal to three-month LIBOR in effect for the prior dividend period, or, in the case of the first dividend period commencing on March 15, 2028, the most recent dividend rate that would have been determined based on the last available Reuters Page LIBOR01 had the Floating Rate Period been applicable prior to March 15, 2028. 
 The calculation agent s determination of any dividend rate, and its calculation of the amount of dividends for any dividend period beginning on or after March 15, 2028, will be on file at our principal offices, will be made available to any holder of Series D Preferred Shares upon request and will be final and binding in the absence of manifest error. 
 In this section, we use several terms that have special meanings relevant to calculating LIBOR. We define these terms as follows 
 The term London business day means a day on which dealings in U.S. dollars are transacted in the London interbank market. 
 The term Reuters screen means the display on the Reuters 3000 Xtra service, or any successor or replacement service. 
 Dividends on the Series D Preferred Shares are not cumulative. Accordingly, if our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board), does not declare a dividend on the Series D Preferred Shares payable in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, such dividend will not accrue, we will have no obligation to pay a dividend for that dividend period on the dividend payment date or at any future time, whether or not dividends on the Series D Preferred Shares are declared for any future dividend period and no interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend not so declared. 
 So long as any Series D Preferred Shares remain outstanding for any dividend period, unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on all outstanding Series D Preferred Shares and parity stock (as defined in this section) have been declared and paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside) 
 we shall not pay or declare any dividend on any junior stock (other than a dividend payable solely in shares of junior stock) and 
 20 

we shall not purchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire for consideration, directly or indirectly, any junior stock (other than as a result of a reclassification of junior stock for or into other junior stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of junior stock for or into another share of junior stock and other than through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of junior stock) during a dividend period. 
 As used in this section, junior stock means our common stock, the Series A Junior Preferred Shares and any other class or series of our stock that ranks junior to the Series D Preferred Shares either as to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or as to the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 When dividends are not paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for payment thereof set aside) in full on any dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series D Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series D Preferred Shares) upon the Series D Preferred Shares or any shares of parity stock, all dividends declared on the Series D Preferred Shares and all such parity stock and payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series D Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series D Preferred Shares) shall be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued but unpaid dividends per Series D Preferred Share and all parity stock payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series D Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series D Preferred Shares) bear to each other. 
 As used in this section, parity stock means the Series A Preferred Shares, the Series E Preferred Shares, the Series F Preferred Shares, the Series G Preferred Shares and any other class or series of our stock that ranks equally with the Series D Preferred Shares in the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and in the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 Subject to the foregoing, dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise) as may be determined by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) may be declared and paid on our common stock and any other junior stock from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and the Series D Preferred Shares shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 Dividends on the Series D Preferred Shares will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment if we fail to comply, or if such act would cause us to fail to comply, with applicable laws, rules and regulations (including, to the extent we become subject to regulation by a capital regulator, any applicable capital adequacy guidelines). 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of the Series D Preferred Shares and any parity stock are entitled to receive out of our assets available for distribution to stockholders, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors, if any, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of any junior stock, a liquidating distribution in the amount of 1,000 per Series D Preferred Share plus declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of the Series D Preferred Shares will not be entitled to any other amounts from us after they have received their full liquidation preference. 
 21 

In any such distribution, if our assets are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preferences in full to all holders of the Series D Preferred Shares and all holders of any parity stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series D Preferred Shares and to the holders of any parity stock will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of those holders. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of preferred stock means the amount payable to such holder in such distribution, including any declared but unpaid dividends (and any unpaid, accrued cumulative dividends in the case of any holder of stock (other than Series D Preferred Shares) on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis). If the liquidation preference has been paid in full to all holders of the Series D Preferred Shares and any holders of parity stock, the holders of our other stock shall be entitled to receive all of our remaining assets according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 For purposes of this section, our merger or consolidation with any other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of the Series D Preferred Shares receive cash, securities or other property for their shares, or the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets, for cash, securities or other property shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 Optional Redemption 
 The Series D Preferred Shares are not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, retirement fund, purchase fund or other similar provisions. We may redeem the Series D Preferred Shares at our option 
 in whole but not in part, at any time prior to March 15, 2028, within 90 days after the occurrence of a rating agency event, at a redemption price equal to 1,020 per Series D Preferred Share, plus (except as provided below) an amount equal to any dividends per Series D Preferred Share that have accrued but not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, the redemption date, or 
 (i) in whole but not in part, at any time prior to March 15, 2028, within 90 days after the occurrence of a regulatory capital event, or (ii) in whole or in part, from time to time, on or after March 15, 2028, in each case, at a redemption price equal to 1,000 per Series D Preferred Share, plus (except as provided below) an amount equal to any dividends per Series D Preferred Share that have accrued but not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 Any declared but unpaid dividends payable on a redemption date that occurs subsequent to the dividend record date for a dividend period will not constitute a part of or be paid to the holder entitled to receive the redemption price on the redemption date, but rather will be paid to the holder of record of the redeemed shares on the dividend record date relating to the dividend payment date. 
 Holders of the Series D Preferred Shares do not have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series D Preferred Shares. 
 As used in this section, rating agency event means that any nationally recognized statistical rating organization as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act, that then publishes a rating for us (a rating agency amends, clarifies or changes the criteria it uses to assign equity credit to securities such as the Series D Preferred Shares, which amendment, clarification or change results in 
 the shortening of the length of time the Series D Preferred Shares are assigned a particular level of equity credit by that rating agency as compared to the length of time they would have been assigned that level of equity credit by that rating agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Series D Preferred Shares or 
 22 

the lowering of the equity credit (including up to a lesser amount) assigned to the Series D Preferred Shares by that rating agency as compared to the equity credit assigned by that rating agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Series D Preferred Shares. 
 As used in this section, regulatory capital event means that we provide notice to the holders that we have made a good faith determination that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, or change in, the laws, rules, regulations or regulatory standards of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States or any governmental agency, instrumentality or standard-setting organization as may then have group-wide oversight of our regulatory capital (including, for the avoidance of doubt, our capital regulator that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of the Series D Preferred Shares (ii) any proposed amendment to, or change in, those laws, rules, regulations or regulatory standards that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of the Series D Preferred Shares or (iii) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws, rules, regulations or regulatory standards that is announced after the initial issuance of the Series D Preferred Shares, there is more than an insubstantial risk that the full liquidation preference of the Series D Preferred Shares outstanding from time to time would not qualify as Tier 1 Capital (or a substantially similar concept) for purposes of the capital adequacy rules or regulatory standards of any capital regulator to which we are or will be subject provided that the proposal or adoption of any criterion that is substantially the same as the corresponding criterion in the capital adequacy rules of the Federal Reserve Board applicable to bank holding companies as of the initial issuance of the Series D Preferred Shares will not constitute a regulatory capital event. 
 As used in this section, capital regulator means any governmental agency, instrumentality or standard-setting organization, including, but not limited to, the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Insurance Office FIO ), the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (the NAIC or any state insurance regulator, as may then have group-wide oversight of our regulatory capital. 
 If the Series D Preferred Shares are to be redeemed, we shall give the notice of redemption by first class mail to the holders of record of the Series D Preferred Shares to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 90 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof provided that, if the Series D Preferred Shares are held in book-entry form through DTC we may give such notice in any manner permitted by DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth 
 the redemption date 
 the number of Series D Preferred Shares to be redeemed and, if less than all the Series D Preferred Shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such Series D Preferred Shares to be redeemed from such holder 
 the redemption price and 
 the place or places where holders may surrender certificates evidencing the Series D Preferred Shares for payment of the redemption price. 
 If we have given a notice of redemption of any Series D Preferred Shares and have set aside the funds necessary for such redemption for the benefit of the holders of any Series D Preferred Shares so called for redemption, then, from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such Series D Preferred Shares, such Series D Preferred Shares shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such Series D Preferred Shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 23 

In case of any redemption of only part of the Series D Preferred Shares at the time outstanding, the Series D Preferred Shares to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata , by lot or by such other method in accordance with DTC s procedures. 
 If the Series D Preferred Shares are treated as Tier 1 capital (or a substantially similar concept) under the capital guidelines of a capital regulator, any redemption of the Series D Preferred Shares may be subject to our receipt of any required prior approval from the capital regulator and to the satisfaction of any conditions to our redemption of the Series D Preferred Shares set forth in those capital guidelines or any other applicable regulations of the capital regulator. 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as provided below or as otherwise required by applicable law, the holders of the Series D Preferred Shares will have no voting rights. 
 Whenever dividends on any Series D Preferred Shares shall have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods (as used in this section, a Nonpayment ), the holders of such Series D Preferred Shares, voting together as a single class with holders of any and all other series of voting preferred stock (as defined in this section) then outstanding, will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of our board of directors (as used in this section, the Preferred Stock Directors ), provided that the election of any such directors shall not cause us to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which our securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors. In that event, the number of directors on our board of directors shall automatically increase by two, and the new directors shall be elected at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series D Preferred Shares or of any other series of voting preferred stock (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election shall be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until dividends on the Series D Preferred Shares and any such series of voting preferred stock for at least four dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, following the Nonpayment shall have been fully paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of such dividends shall have been set aside for payment). 
 As used in this section, voting preferred stock means any other class or series of our preferred stock ranking equally with the Series D Preferred Shares either as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, and includes the Series A Preferred Shares, the Series E Preferred Shares, the Series F Preferred Shares and the Series G Preferred Shares. Whether a plurality, majority or other portion of the Series D Preferred Shares and any other voting preferred stock have been voted in favor of any matter shall be determined by reference to the liquidation amounts of the Series D Preferred Shares voted. 
 24 

If and when dividends for at least four dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, following a Nonpayment have been paid in full (or declared and a sum sufficient for such payment shall have been set aside), the holders of the Series D Preferred Shares shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and, if such voting rights for all other holders of voting preferred stock have terminated, the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected shall terminate and the number of directors on the board of directors shall automatically decrease by two. In determining whether dividends have been paid for four dividend periods following a Nonpayment, we may take account of any dividend we elect to pay for such a dividend period after the regular dividend date for that period has passed. Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding Series D Preferred Shares and any other shares of voting preferred stock then outstanding (voting together as a class) when they have the voting rights described above. So long as a Nonpayment shall continue, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding Series D Preferred Shares and any other shares of voting preferred stock then outstanding (voting together as a class) when they have the voting rights described above. The Preferred Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 So long as any Series D Preferred Shares remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series D Preferred Shares and all other series of voting preferred stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting 
 amend or alter the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the Series D Preferred Shares so as to authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series D Preferred Shares with respect to payment of dividends and or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up 
 amend, alter or repeal the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the Series D Preferred Shares so as to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series D Preferred Shares, taken as a whole or 
 consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Series D Preferred Shares or merge or consolidate with another entity, unless in each case (i) the Series D Preferred Shares remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such Series D Preferred Shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series D Preferred Shares immediately prior to such consummation, taken as a whole 
 provided , however , that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series D Preferred Shares or authorized preferred stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of preferred stock ranking equally with and or junior to the Series D Preferred Shares with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up will not be deemed to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series D Preferred Shares. 
 25 

If an amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would materially and adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series D Preferred Shares for this purpose), then only the series materially and adversely affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 Without the consent of the holders of the Series D Preferred Shares, so long as such action does not adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series D Preferred Shares, taken as a whole, we may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Series D Preferred Shares 
 to cure any ambiguity, or to cure, correct or supplement any provision contained in the Certificate of Designations for the Series D Preferred Shares that may be defective or inconsistent or 
 to make any provision with respect to matters or questions arising with respect to the Series D Preferred Shares that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the Certificate of Designations. 
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, we have redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice all outstanding Series D Preferred Shares and have set aside sufficient funds for the benefit of the holders of Series D Preferred Shares to effect such redemption. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 Computershare Inc. is the transfer agent, registrar and dividend disbursing agent for the Series D Preferred Shares. 
 Calculation Agent 
 We will appoint a calculation agent with respect to the Series D Preferred Shares prior to the second London business day preceding the March 15, 2028 dividend payment date. 
 Delivery and Form 
 The Series D Preferred Shares are represented by one or more fully registered global security certificates. Each such global certificate was deposited with, or on behalf of, DTC and registered in the name of DTC or a nominee thereof. 

26 

DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES E PREFERRED SHARES 
 General 
 The Series E Preferred Shares rank senior to our junior stock (as defined in this section) and equally with the Series A Preferred Shares, the Series D Preferred Shares, the Series F Preferred Shares, the Series G Preferred Shares and each other series of our preferred stock that we may issue (except for any senior series that may be issued with the requisite consent of the holders of the Series E Preferred Shares), with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. In addition, we will generally be able to pay dividends, any redemption price and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up only out of lawfully available funds for such payment i . e ., after taking account of all indebtedness and other non-equity claims). The Series E Preferred Shares are fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of the Series E Preferred Shares do not have preemptive or subscription rights to acquire more of our stock. 
 The Series E Preferred Shares are not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of our stock or our other securities. The Series E Preferred Shares have no stated maturity and are not subject to any sinking fund, retirement fund or purchase fund or other obligation of MetLife to redeem, repurchase or retire the Series E Preferred Shares. 
 Dividends 
 Dividends on the Series E Preferred Shares are not mandatory. Holders of Series E Preferred Shares are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board), out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends that accrue for the relevant dividend period quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of March, June, September and December of each year, at an annual rate of 5.625 . Payment dates are subject to adjustment for business days. 
 A dividend period is the period from, and including, a dividend payment date to, but excluding, the next dividend payment date. Dividends are payable to holders of record of the Series E Preferred Shares as they appear on our books on the applicable record date, which is the 15th calendar day before that dividend payment date or such other record date fixed by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such dividend payment date. Dividend record dates will apply regardless of whether a particular dividend record date is a business day. 
 Dividends payable on the Series E Preferred Shares are calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. If any dividend payment date is a day that is not a business day, then the dividend with respect to that dividend payment date will instead be paid on the immediately succeeding business day, without interest or other payment in respect of such delayed payment. As used in this section, business day means any day other than a day on which federal or state banking institutions in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, are authorized or obligated by law, executive order or regulation to close. 
 Dividends on the Series E Preferred Shares are not cumulative. Accordingly, if our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board), does not declare a dividend on the Series E Preferred Shares payable in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, such dividend will not accrue, we will have no obligation to pay a dividend for that dividend period on the dividend payment date or at any future time, whether or not dividends on the Series E Preferred Shares are declared for any future dividend period and no interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend not so declared. 
 27 

So long as any Series E Preferred Shares remain outstanding for any dividend period, unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on all outstanding Series E Preferred Shares and parity stock (as defined in this section) have been declared and paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside) 
 we shall not pay or declare any dividend on any junior stock (other than a dividend payable solely in shares of junior stock) and 
 we shall not purchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire for consideration, directly or indirectly, any junior stock (other than as a result of a reclassification of junior stock for or into other junior stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of junior stock for or into another share of junior stock and other than through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of junior stock) during a dividend period. 
 As used in this section, junior stock means our common stock, the Series A Junior Preferred Shares and any other class or series of our stock that ranks junior to the Series E Preferred Shares either as to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or as to the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 When dividends are not paid in full on any dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series E Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series E Preferred Shares) upon the Series E Preferred Shares or any shares of parity stock, all dividends declared on the Series E Preferred Shares and all such parity stock and payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series E Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series E Preferred Shares) shall be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued but unpaid dividends per Series E Preferred Share and all parity stock payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series E Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series E Preferred Shares) bear to each other. 
 As used in this section, parity stock means the Series A Preferred Shares, the Series D Preferred Shares, the Series F Preferred Shares, the Series G Preferred Shares and any other class or series of our stock that ranks equally with the Series E Preferred Shares in the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and in the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 Subject to the foregoing, dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise) as may be determined by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) may be declared and paid on our common stock and any other junior stock from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and the Series E Preferred Shares shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 28 

Dividends on the Series E Preferred Shares will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment if we fail to comply, or if such act would cause us to fail to comply, with applicable laws, rules and regulations (including, to the extent we become subject to regulation by a capital regulator, any applicable capital adequacy guidelines). Liquidation Rights Upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of the Series E Preferred Shares and any parity stock are entitled to receive out of our assets available for distribution to stockholders, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors, if any, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of any junior stock, a liquidating distribution in the amount of 25,000 per Series E Preferred Share (equivalent to 25 per Series E Depositary Share), plus declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of the Series E Preferred Shares will not be entitled to any other amounts from us after they have received their full liquidation preference. 
 In any such distribution, if our assets are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preferences in full to all holders of the Series E Preferred Shares and all holders of any parity stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series E Preferred Shares and to the holders of any parity stock will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of those holders. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of preferred stock means the amount payable to such holder in such distribution, including any declared but unpaid dividends (and any unpaid, accrued cumulative dividends in the case of any holder of stock (other than Series E Preferred Shares) on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis). If the liquidation preference has been paid in full to all holders of the Series E Preferred Shares and any holders of parity stock, the holders of our other stock shall be entitled to receive all of our remaining assets according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 For purposes of this section, our merger or consolidation with any other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of the Series E Preferred Shares receive cash, securities or other property for their shares, or the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets, for cash, securities or other property shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 Optional Redemption 
 The Series E Preferred Shares are not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, retirement fund, purchase fund or other similar provisions. We may redeem the Series E Preferred Shares at our option 
 in whole but not in part, at any time prior to June 15, 2023, within 90 days after the occurrence of a rating agency event, at a redemption price equal to 25,500 per Series E Preferred Share (equivalent to 25.50 per Series E Depositary Share), plus (except as provided below) an amount equal to any dividends per Series E Preferred Share that have accrued but not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, the redemption date, or 
 (i) in whole but not in part, at any time prior to June 15, 2023, within 90 days after the occurrence of a regulatory capital event, or (ii) in whole or in part, from time to time, on or after June 15, 2023, in each case, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per Series E Preferred Share (equivalent to 25 per Series E Depositary Share), plus (except as provided below) an amount equal to any dividends per Series E Preferred Share that have accrued but not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 29 

Any declared but unpaid dividends payable on a redemption date that occurs subsequent to the dividend record date for a dividend period will not constitute a part of or be paid to the holder entitled to receive the redemption price on the redemption date, but rather will be paid to the holder of record of the redeemed shares on the dividend record date relating to the dividend payment date. 
 Holders of the Series E Preferred Shares do not have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series E Preferred Shares. 
 As used in this section, rating agency event means that any nationally recognized statistical rating organization as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act, that then publishes a rating for us (a rating agency amends, clarifies or changes the criteria it uses to assign equity credit to securities such as the Series E Preferred Shares, which amendment, clarification or change results in 
 the shortening of the length of time the Series E Preferred Shares are assigned a particular level of equity credit by that rating agency as compared to the length of time they would have been assigned that level of equity credit by that rating agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Series E Preferred Shares or 
 the lowering of the equity credit (including up to a lesser amount) assigned to the Series E Preferred Shares by that rating agency as compared to the equity credit assigned by that rating agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Series E Preferred Shares. 
 As used in this section, regulatory capital event means that we provide notice to the holders that we have made a good faith determination that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, or change in, the laws, rules, regulations or regulatory standards of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States or any governmental agency, instrumentality or standard-setting organization as may then have group-wide oversight of our regulatory capital (including, for the avoidance of doubt, our capital regulator that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of the Series E Preferred Shares (ii) any proposed amendment to, or change in, those laws, rules, regulations or regulatory standards that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of the Series E Preferred Shares or (iii) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws, rules, regulations or regulatory standards that is announced after the initial issuance of the Series E Preferred Shares, there is more than an insubstantial risk that the full liquidation preference of the Series E Preferred Shares outstanding from time to time would not qualify as Tier 1 Capital (or a substantially similar concept) for purposes of the capital adequacy rules or regulatory standards of any capital regulator to which we are or will be subject provided that the proposal or adoption of any criterion that is substantially the same as the corresponding criterion in the capital adequacy rules of the Federal Reserve Board applicable to bank holding companies as of the initial issuance of the Series E Preferred Shares will not constitute a regulatory capital event. 
 As used in this section, capital regulator means any governmental agency, instrumentality or standard-setting organization, including, but not limited to, the Federal Reserve Board, the FIO, the NAIC or any state insurance regulator, as may then have group-wide oversight of our regulatory capital. 
 30 

If the Series E Preferred Shares are to be redeemed, we shall give the notice of redemption by first class mail to the holders of record of the Series E Preferred Shares to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 90 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof provided that, if the Series E Preferred Shares are held in book-entry form through DTC we may give such notice in any manner permitted by DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth 
 the redemption date 
 the number of Series E Preferred Shares to be redeemed and, if less than all the Series E Preferred Shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such Series E Preferred Shares to be redeemed from such holder 
 the redemption price and 
 the place or places where holders may surrender certificates evidencing the Series E Preferred Shares for payment of the redemption price. 
 If we have given a notice of redemption of any Series E Preferred Shares and have set aside the funds necessary for such redemption for the benefit of the holders of any Series E Preferred Shares so called for redemption, then, from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such Series E Preferred Shares, such Series E Preferred Shares shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such Series E Preferred Shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 In case of any redemption of only part of the Series E Preferred Shares at the time outstanding, the Series E Preferred Shares to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata or by lot. 
 If the Series E Preferred Shares are treated as Tier 1 capital (or a substantially similar concept) under the capital guidelines of a capital regulator, any redemption of the Series E Preferred Shares may be subject to our receipt of any required prior approval from the capital regulator and to the satisfaction of any conditions to our redemption of the Series E Preferred Shares set forth in those capital guidelines or any other applicable regulations of the capital regulator. 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as provided below or as otherwise required by applicable law, the holders of the Series E Preferred Shares will have no voting rights. 
 31 

Whenever dividends on any Series E Preferred Shares shall have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods (as used in this section, a Nonpayment ), the holders of such Series E Preferred Shares, voting together as a single class with holders of any and all other series of voting preferred stock (as defined in this section) then outstanding, will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of our board of directors (as used in this section, the Preferred Stock Directors ), provided that the election of any such directors shall not cause us to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which our securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors. In that event, the number of directors on our board of directors shall automatically increase by two, and the new directors shall be elected at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series E Preferred Shares or of any other series of voting preferred stock (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election shall be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until dividends on the Series E Preferred Shares and any such series of voting preferred stock for at least four consecutive dividend periods following the Nonpayment shall have been fully paid. 
 As used in this section, voting preferred stock means any other class or series of our preferred stock ranking equally with the Series E Preferred Shares either as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, and includes the Series A Preferred Shares, the Series D Preferred Shares, the Series F Preferred Shares and the Series G Preferred Shares. Whether a plurality, majority or other portion of the Series E Preferred Shares and any other voting preferred stock have been voted in favor of any matter shall be determined by reference to the liquidation amounts of the Series E Preferred Shares voted. 
 If and when dividends for at least four consecutive dividend periods following a Nonpayment have been paid in full, the holders of the Series E Preferred Shares shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and, if such voting rights for all other holders of voting preferred stock have terminated, the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected shall terminate and the number of directors on the board of directors shall automatically decrease by two. In determining whether dividends have been paid for four dividend periods following a Nonpayment, we may take account of any dividend we elect to pay for such a dividend period after the regular dividend date for that period has passed. Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding Series E Preferred Shares and any other shares of voting preferred stock then outstanding (voting together as a class) when they have the voting rights described above. So long as a Nonpayment shall continue, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding Series E Preferred Shares and any other shares of voting preferred stock then outstanding (voting together as a class) when they have the voting rights described above. The Preferred Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 So long as any Series E Preferred Shares remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series E Preferred Shares and all other series of voting preferred stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting 
 32 

amend or alter the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the Series E Preferred Shares so as to authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series E Preferred Shares with respect to payment of dividends and or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up 
 amend, alter or repeal the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the Series E Preferred Shares so as to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series E Preferred Shares, taken as a whole or 
 consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Series E Preferred Shares or merge or consolidate with another entity, unless in each case (i) the Series E Preferred Shares remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such Series E Preferred Shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series E Preferred Shares immediately prior to such consummation, taken as a whole 
 provided , however , that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series E Preferred Shares or authorized preferred stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of preferred stock ranking equally with and or junior to the Series E Preferred Shares with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up will not be deemed to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series E Preferred Shares. 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would materially and adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series E Preferred Shares for this purpose), then only the series materially and adversely affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 Without the consent of the holders of the Series E Preferred Shares, so long as such action does not adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series E Preferred Shares, taken as a whole, we may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Series E Preferred Shares 
 
 to cure any ambiguity, or to cure, correct or supplement any provision contained in the Certificate of Designations for the Series E Preferred Shares that may be defective or inconsistent or 
 to make any provision with respect to matters or questions arising with respect to the Series E Preferred Shares that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the Certificate of Designations. 
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, we have redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice all outstanding Series E Preferred Shares and have set aside sufficient funds for the benefit of the holders of Series E Preferred Shares to effect such redemption. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 Computershare Inc. is the transfer agent, registrar and dividend disbursing agent for the Series E Preferred Shares. 
 33 

DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES F PREFERRED SHARES 
 General 
 The Series F Preferred Shares rank senior to our junior stock (as defined in this section) and equally with the Series A Preferred Shares, the Series D Preferred Shares, the Series E Preferred Shares, the Series G Preferred Shares and each other series of our preferred stock that we may issue (except for any senior series that may be issued with the requisite consent of the holders of the Series F Preferred Shares), with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. In addition, we will generally be able to pay dividends, any redemption price and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up only out of lawfully available funds for such payment i . e ., after taking account of all indebtedness and other non-equity claims). The Series F Preferred Shares are fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of the Series F Preferred Shares do not have preemptive or subscription rights to acquire more of our stock. 
 
 The Series F Preferred Shares are not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of our stock or our other securities. The Series F Preferred Shares have no stated maturity and are not subject to any sinking fund, retirement fund or purchase fund or other obligation of MetLife to redeem, repurchase or retire the Series F Preferred Shares. 
 
 Dividends 
 Dividends on the Series F Preferred Shares are not mandatory. Holders of Series F Preferred Shares are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board), out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends that accrue for the relevant dividend period quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of March, June, September and December of each year. Dividends accrue at a fixed rate per annum of 4.75 . Dividend payment dates are subject to adjustment for business days. 
 A dividend period is the period from, and including, a dividend payment date to, but excluding, the next dividend payment date. 
 Dividends are payable to holders of record of the Series F Preferred Shares as they appear on our books on the applicable record date, which is the 15th calendar day before that dividend payment date or such other record date fixed by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such dividend payment date. Dividend record dates will apply regardless of whether a particular dividend record date is a business day. 
 Dividends payable on the Series F Preferred Shares are calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. If any dividend payment date is a day that is not a business day, then the dividend with respect to that dividend payment date will instead be paid on the immediately succeeding business day, without interest or other payment in respect of such delayed payment. As used in this section, business day means any day other than a day on which federal or state banking institutions in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, are authorized or obligated by law, executive order or regulation to close. 
 34 

Dividends on the Series F Preferred Shares are not cumulative. Accordingly, if our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board), does not declare a dividend on the Series F Preferred Shares payable in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, such dividend will not accrue, we will have no obligation to pay a dividend for that dividend period on the dividend payment date or at any future time, whether or not dividends on the Series F Preferred Shares are declared for any future dividend period and no interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend not so declared. 
 So long as any Series F Preferred Shares remain outstanding for any dividend period, unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on all outstanding Series F Preferred Shares and parity stock (as defined in this section) have been declared and paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside) 
 we shall not pay or declare any dividend on any junior stock (other than a dividend payable solely in shares of junior stock) and 
 we shall not purchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire for consideration, directly or indirectly, any junior stock (other than as a result of a reclassification of junior stock for or into other junior stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of junior stock for or into another share of junior stock and other than through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of junior stock) during a dividend period. 
 As used in this section, junior stock means our common stock, the Series A Junior Preferred Shares and any other class or series of our stock that ranks junior to the Series F Preferred Shares either as to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or as to the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 When dividends are not paid in full on any dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series F Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series F Preferred Shares) upon the Series F Preferred Shares or any shares of parity stock, all dividends declared on the Series F Preferred Shares and all such parity stock and payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series F Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series F Preferred Shares) shall be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued but unpaid dividends per Series F Preferred Share and all parity stock payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series F Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series F Preferred Shares) bear to each other. 
 As used in this section, parity stock means the Series A Preferred Shares, the Series D Preferred Shares, the Series E Preferred Shares, the Series G Preferred Shares and any other class or series of our stock that ranks equally with the Series F Preferred Shares in the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and in the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 35 

Subject to the foregoing, dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise) as may be determined by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) may be declared and paid on our common stock and any other junior stock from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and the Series F Preferred Shares shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 Dividends on the Series F Preferred Shares will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment if we fail to comply, or if such act would cause us to fail to comply, with applicable laws, rules and regulations (including, to the extent we become subject to regulation by a capital regulator, any applicable capital adequacy guidelines). 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 Upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of the Series F Preferred Shares and any parity stock are entitled to receive out of our assets available for distribution to stockholders, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors, if any, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of any junior stock, a liquidating distribution in the amount of 25,000 per Series F Preferred Share (equivalent to 25 per Series F Depositary Share), plus declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of the Series F Preferred Shares will not be entitled to any other amounts from us after they have received their full liquidation preference. 
 
 In any such distribution, if our assets are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preferences in full to all holders of the Series F Preferred Shares and all holders of any parity stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series F Preferred Shares and to the holders of any parity stock will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of those holders. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of preferred stock means the amount payable to such holder in such distribution, including any declared but unpaid dividends (and any unpaid, accrued cumulative dividends in the case of any holder of stock (other than Series F Preferred Shares) on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis). If the liquidation preference has been paid in full to all holders of the Series F Preferred Shares and any holders of parity stock, the holders of our other stock shall be entitled to receive all of our remaining assets according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 For purposes of this section, our merger or consolidation with any other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of the Series F Preferred Shares receive cash, securities or other property for their shares, or the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets, for cash, securities or other property shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 Optional Redemption 
 The Series F Preferred Shares are not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, retirement fund, purchase fund or other similar provisions. 
 
 We may redeem the Series F Preferred Shares at our option 
 
 in whole but not in part, at any time prior to March 15, 2025, within 90 days after the occurrence of a rating agency event, at a redemption price equal to 25,500 per Series F Preferred Share (equivalent to 25.50 per Series F Depositary Share), plus (except as provided below) an amount equal to any dividends per Series F Preferred Share that have accrued but not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, the redemption date or 
 36 

in whole but not in part, at any time prior to March 15, 2025, within 90 days after the occurrence of a regulatory capital event, or in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time on or after March 15, 2025, in each case, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per Series F Preferred Share (equivalent to 25 per Series F Depositary Share), plus (except as provided below) an amount equal to any dividends per Series F Preferred Share that have accrued but not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 Any declared but unpaid dividends payable on a redemption date that occurs subsequent to the dividend record date for a dividend period will not constitute a part of or be paid to the holder entitled to receive the redemption price on the redemption date, but rather will be paid to the holder of record of the redeemed shares on the dividend record date relating to the dividend payment date. 
 Holders of the Series F Preferred Shares do not have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series F Preferred Shares. 
 As used in this section, rating agency event means that any nationally recognized statistical rating organization as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act, that then publishes a rating for us (a rating agency amends, clarifies or changes the criteria it uses to assign equity credit to securities such as the Series F Preferred Shares, which amendment, clarification or change results in 
 the shortening of the length of time the Series F Preferred Shares are assigned a particular level of equity credit by that rating agency as compared to the length of time they would have been assigned that level of equity credit by that rating agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Series F Preferred Shares or 
 the lowering of the equity credit (including up to a lesser amount) assigned to the Series F Preferred Shares by that rating agency as compared to the equity credit assigned by that rating agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Series F Preferred Shares. 
 As used in this section, regulatory capital event means that we provide notice to the holders that we have made a good faith determination that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, or change in, the laws, rules, regulations or regulatory standards of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States or any governmental agency, instrumentality or standard-setting organization as may then have group-wide oversight of our regulatory capital (including, for the avoidance of doubt, our capital regulator that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of the Series F Preferred Shares (ii) any proposed amendment to, or change in, those laws, rules, regulations or regulatory standards that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of the Series F Preferred Shares or (iii) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws, rules, regulations or regulatory standards that is announced after the initial issuance of the Series F Preferred Shares, there is more than an insubstantial risk that the full liquidation preference of the Series F Preferred Shares outstanding from time to time would not qualify as Tier 1 Capital (or a substantially similar concept) for purposes of the capital adequacy rules or regulatory standards of any capital regulator to which we are or will be subject provided that the proposal or adoption of any criterion that is substantially the same as the corresponding criterion in the capital adequacy rules of the Federal Reserve Board applicable to bank holding companies as of the initial issuance of the Series F Preferred Shares will not constitute a regulatory capital event. 
 37 

As used in this section, capital regulator means any governmental agency, instrumentality or standard-setting organization, including, but not limited to, the Federal Reserve Board, the FIO, the NAIC or any state insurance regulator, as may then have group-wide oversight of our regulatory capital. 
 If the Series F Preferred Shares are to be redeemed, we shall give the notice of redemption by first class mail to the holders of record of the Series F Preferred Shares to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 90 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof provided that, if the Series F Preferred Shares are held in book-entry form through DTC we may give such notice in any manner permitted by DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth 
 the redemption date 
 the number of Series F Preferred Shares to be redeemed and, if less than all the Series F Preferred Shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such Series F Preferred Shares to be redeemed from such holder 
 the redemption price and 
 the place or places where holders may surrender certificates evidencing the Series F Preferred Shares for payment of the redemption price. 
 If we have given a notice of redemption of any Series F Preferred Shares and have set aside the funds necessary for such redemption for the benefit of the holders of any Series F Preferred Shares so called for redemption, then, from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such Series F Preferred Shares, such Series F Preferred Shares shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such Series F Preferred Shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 In case of any redemption of only part of the Series F Preferred Shares at the time outstanding, the Series F Preferred Shares to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata or by lot. 
 If the Series F Preferred Shares are treated as Tier 1 capital (or a substantially similar concept) under the capital guidelines of a capital regulator, any redemption of the Series F Preferred Shares may be subject to our receipt of any required prior approval from the capital regulator and to the satisfaction of any conditions to our redemption of the Series F Preferred Shares set forth in those capital guidelines or any other applicable regulations of the capital regulator. 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as provided below or as otherwise required by applicable law, the holders of the Series F Preferred Shares will have no voting rights. 
 38 

Whenever dividends on any Series F Preferred Shares shall have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods (as used in this section, a Nonpayment ), the holders of such Series F Preferred Shares, voting together as a single class with holders of any and all other series of voting preferred stock (as defined in this section) then outstanding, will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of our board of directors (as used in this section, the Preferred Stock Directors ), provided that the election of any such directors shall not cause us to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which our securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors. In that event, the number of directors on our board of directors shall automatically increase by two, and the new directors shall be elected at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series F Preferred Shares or of any other series of voting preferred stock (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election shall be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until dividends on the Series F Preferred Shares and any such series of voting preferred stock for at least four consecutive dividend periods following the Nonpayment shall have been fully paid. 
 As used in this section, voting preferred stock means any other class or series of our preferred stock ranking equally with the Series F Preferred Shares either as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, and includes the Series A Preferred Shares, the Series D Preferred Shares, the Series E Preferred Shares and the Series G Preferred Shares. Whether a plurality, majority or other portion of the Series F Preferred Shares and any other voting preferred stock have been voted in favor of any matter shall be determined by reference to the liquidation amounts of the Series F Preferred Shares voted. 
 If and when dividends for at least four consecutive dividend periods following a Nonpayment have been paid in full, the holders of the Series F Preferred Shares shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and, if such voting rights for all other holders of voting preferred stock have terminated, the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected shall terminate and the number of directors on the board of directors shall automatically decrease by two. In determining whether dividends have been paid for four dividend periods following a Nonpayment, we may take account of any dividend we elect to pay for such a dividend period after the regular dividend date for that period has passed. Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding Series F Preferred Shares and any other shares of voting preferred stock then outstanding (voting together as a class) when they have the voting rights described above. So long as a Nonpayment shall continue, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding Series F Preferred Shares and any other shares of voting preferred stock then outstanding (voting together as a class) when they have the voting rights described above. The Preferred Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 So long as any Series F Preferred Shares remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series F Preferred Shares and all other series of voting preferred stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting 
 39 

amend or alter the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the Series F Preferred Shares so as to authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series F Preferred Shares with respect to payment of dividends and or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up 
 amend, alter or repeal the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the Series F Preferred Shares so as to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series F Preferred Shares, taken as a whole or 
 consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Series F Preferred Shares or merge or consolidate with another entity, unless in each case (i) the Series F Preferred Shares remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such Series F Preferred Shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series F Preferred Shares immediately prior to such consummation, taken as a whole 
 provided , however , that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series F Preferred Shares or authorized preferred stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of preferred stock ranking equally with and or junior to the Series F Preferred Shares with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up will not be deemed to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series F Preferred Shares. 
 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would materially and adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series F Preferred Shares for this purpose), then only the series materially and adversely affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 
 Without the consent of the holders of the Series F Preferred Shares, so long as such action does not adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series F Preferred Shares, taken as a whole, we may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Series F Preferred Shares 
 to cure any ambiguity, or to cure, correct or supplement any provision contained in the Certificate of Designations for the Series F Preferred Shares that may be defective or inconsistent or 
 to make any provision with respect to matters or questions arising with respect to the Series F Preferred Shares that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the Certificate of Designations. 
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, we have redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice all outstanding Series F Preferred Shares and have set aside sufficient funds for the benefit of the holders of Series F Preferred Shares to effect such redemption. 
 40 

Transfer Agent, Registrar and Dividend Disbursing Agent 
 Computershare Inc. is the transfer agent, registrar and dividend disbursing agent for the Series F Preferred Shares. 

41 

DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES E DEPOSITARY SHARES AND THE SERIES F DEPOSITARY SHARES 
 
 This section summarizes specific terms and provisions of the Series E Depositary Shares and Series F Depositary Shares (collectively, the Depositary Shares relating to our Series E Preferred Shares and Series F Preferred Shares, respectively. Each Depositary Share represents a 1 1,000th interest in a Series E Preferred Share or Series F Preferred Share, as applicable, and is evidenced by a depositary receipt. The Series E Preferred Shares and the Series F Preferred Shares represented by the Depositary Shares were each deposited under respective Deposit Agreements among us, Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. collectively as the Depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts evidencing such Depositary Shares. Subject to the terms of the applicable Deposit Agreement, each holder of Depositary Shares is entitled, through the Depositary, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a Series E Preferred Share or Series F Preferred Share represented by such Depositary Shares, to all the rights and preferences of the Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares, as applicable, represented thereby (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). 
 Dividends and Other Distributions 
 The Depositary distributes any cash dividends or other cash distributions received in respect of the deposited Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares, as applicable, to the record holders of the Depositary Shares in proportion to the number of the Depositary Shares held by each holder on the relevant record date. The Depositary will distribute any property received by it other than cash to the record holders of the Depositary Shares entitled to those distributions, unless it determines that the distribution cannot be made proportionally among those holders or that it is not feasible to make a distribution. In that event, the Depositary may, with our approval, sell the property and distribute the net proceeds from the sale to the holders of the applicable Depositary Shares in proportion to the number of such Depositary Shares they hold. 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the Depositary Shares will be the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series E Preferred Shares and Series F Preferred Shares, as applicable. 
 The amounts distributed to holders of the Depositary Shares will be reduced by any amounts the Depositary or MetLife is required to withhold on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 Redemption of the Depositary Shares 
 If we redeem the Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares represented by the Depositary Shares, in whole or in part, a corresponding number of Depositary Shares of the applicable series will be redeemed from the proceeds received by the Depositary resulting from the redemption of the Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares, as applicable, held by the Depositary. The redemption price per Depositary Share will be equal to 1 1,000th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares, as applicable, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, on the Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares, as applicable. Whenever we redeem the Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares held by the Depositary, the Depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of the Depositary Shares of the applicable series representing the Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares so redeemed. 
 42 

In case of any redemption of less than all of the outstanding Depositary Shares, the Depositary Shares of the applicable series to be redeemed will be selected by the Depositary pro rata , by lot or by such other method in accordance with DTC s procedures. In any such case, the Depositary will redeem the Depositary Shares only in increments of 1,000 shares and any integral multiple thereof. 
 The Depositary will mail (or otherwise transmit by an authorized method) notice of redemption to holders of the Depositary Shares not less than 30 and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption of the Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares, as applicable, and the corresponding Depositary Shares. 
 Voting of the Depositary Shares 
 When the Depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares are entitled to vote, the Depositary will mail (or otherwise transmit by an authorized method) the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the Depositary Shares of the applicable series. Each record holder of Depositary Shares of the applicable series on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares, as applicable, may instruct the Depositary to vote the amount of the Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares represented by the holder s Depositary Shares. Although each Depositary Share is entitled to 1 1,000th of a vote with respect to the applicable series, the Depositary can only vote whole Series E Preferred Shares and Series F Preferred Shares. To the extent possible, the Depositary will vote the amount of the Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares represented by the Depositary Shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We have agreed to take all reasonable actions that the Depositary determines are necessary to enable the Depositary to vote as instructed. If the Depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any Depositary Shares of the applicable series, it will not vote the amount of the Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares represented by such Depositary Shares. 
 Listing 
 The Series E Depositary Shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol MET PRE and the Series F Depositary Shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol MET PRF. 
 Form of the Depositary Shares 
 
 The Depositary Shares were issued in book-entry form through DTC. The Series E Preferred Shares and Series F Preferred Shares were issued in registered form to the Depositary. 
 Depositary 
 Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. collectively are the Depositary for the Depositary Shares. We may terminate any such appointment and may appoint a successor Depositary for either series at any time and from time to time, provided that we will use our best efforts to ensure that there is, at all relevant times when the Series E Preferred Shares or Series F Preferred Shares are outstanding, a person or entity appointed and serving as such Depositary with respect to such series. 
 Delivery and Form 
 The Depositary Shares are represented by respective fully registered global depositary receipts. Each such global depositary receipt was deposited with, or on behalf of, DTC and registered in the name of DTC or a nominee thereof. 
 43 

DESCRIPTION OF THE SERIES G PREFERRED SHARES 
 General 
 The Series G Preferred Shares rank senior to our junior stock (as defined in this section) and equally with the Series A Preferred Shares, the Series D Preferred Shares, the Series E Preferred Shares, the Series F Preferred Shares and each other series of our preferred stock that we may issue (except for any senior series that may be issued with the requisite consent of the holders of the Series G Preferred Shares), with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. In addition, we will generally be able to pay dividends, any redemption price and distributions upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up only out of lawfully available funds for such payment i . e ., after taking account of all indebtedness and other non-equity claims). The Series G Preferred Shares are fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of the Series G Preferred Shares do not have preemptive or subscription rights to acquire more of our stock. 
 
 The Series G Preferred Shares are not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of our stock or our other securities. The Series G Preferred Shares have no stated maturity and are not subject to any sinking fund, retirement fund or purchase fund or other obligation of MetLife to redeem, repurchase or retire the Series G Preferred Shares. 
 Dividends 
 Dividends on the Series G Preferred Shares are not mandatory. Holders of Series G Preferred Shares are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board), out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, under Delaware law, non-cumulative cash dividends that accrue for the relevant dividend period semi-annually in arrears on the 15th day of March and September of each year, commencing on March 15, 2021. Dividends accrue (i) from the date of original issue to, but excluding, September 15, 2025 (the First Reset Date at a fixed rate per annum of 3.850 , and (ii) from, and including, the First Reset Date, during each reset period at a rate per annum equal to the five-year treasury rate as of the most recent reset dividend determination date plus 3.576 . Dividend payment dates are subject to adjustment for business days. 
 A dividend period is the period from, and including, a dividend payment date to, but excluding, the next dividend payment date, except that the initial dividend period will commence on, and include, the original issue date of the Series G Preferred Shares and will end on, but exclude, the March 15, 2021 dividend payment date. 
 A reset date means the First Reset Date and each date falling on the fifth anniversary of the preceding reset date. Reset dates, including the First Reset Date, will not be adjusted for business days. A reset period means the period from, and including, the First Reset Date to, but excluding, the next following reset date and thereafter each period from, and including, each reset date to, but excluding, the next following reset date. A reset dividend determination date means, in respect of any reset period, the day falling two business days prior to the beginning of such reset period. 
 Dividends are payable to holders of record of the Series G Preferred Shares as they appear on our books on the applicable record date, which is the 15 th calendar day before that dividend payment date or such other record date fixed by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such dividend payment date. Dividend record dates will apply regardless of whether a particular dividend record date is a business day. 
 44 

Dividends payable on the Series G Preferred Shares are calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. If any dividend payment date is a day that is not a business day, then the dividend with respect to that dividend payment date will instead be paid on the immediately succeeding business day, without interest or other payment in respect of such delayed payment. As used in this section, business day means any day other than a day on which federal or state banking institutions in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, are authorized or obligated by law, executive order or regulation to close. 
 For any reset period commencing on or after the First Reset Date, the five-year treasury rate will be determined by the calculation agent on each reset dividend determination date. Five-year treasury rate means, as of any reset dividend determination date, as applicable 
 (i) the average of the yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, for five-year maturities, for the five business days appearing under the caption Treasury Constant Maturities in the statistical release designated H.15 Daily Update published on the reset dividend determination date, as determined by the calculation agent 
 (ii) if no calculation is provided as described above, then the five-year treasury rate will be equal to the reset reference bank rate on such reset dividend determination date and 
 (iii) if the five-year treasury rate cannot be determined pursuant to the methods described in clauses (i) or (ii) above, then the five-year treasury rate will be (x) in the case of the reset period commencing on the First Reset Date, 0.274 or (y) in the case of each reset period other than the reset period commencing on the First Reset Date, the same rate that was determined on the prior reset dividend determination date. 
 H.15 Daily Update means the Selected Interest Rates (Daily) H.15 release of the Federal Reserve Board, available at www.federalreserve.gov releases h15 update, or any successor site or publication. 
 Reset reference bank rate means, in relation to a reset period and the reset dividend determination date in relation to such reset period, the rate determined by the calculation agent on the basis of the reset reference bank rate quotations provided by the reset reference banks to the calculation agent at approximately 4 30 p.m. (New York City time) on such reset dividend determination date, and (a) if at least three such reset reference bank rate quotations are provided to the calculation agent, the reset reference bank rate will be the arithmetic mean of the reset reference bank rate quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest), all as determined by the calculation agent or (b) if only two reset reference bank rate quotations are provided to the calculation agent, the reset reference bank rate will be the arithmetic mean of the reset reference bank rate quotations provided, all as determined by the calculation agent or (c) if only one reset reference bank rate quotation is provided to the calculation agent, the reset reference bank rate will be the reset reference bank rate quotation provided, as determined by the calculation agent. 
 Reset reference bank rate quotation means, in relation to a reset period and the reset dividend determination date in relation to such reset period, the bid-side yield quoted to the calculation agent by a reset reference bank for the reset U.S. Treasury security at approximately 4 30 p.m. (New York City time) on such reset dividend determination date. 
 45 

Reset reference banks means five banks which are primary U.S. Treasury securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in U.S. dollars in New York City (excluding the calculation agent or any of its affiliates), as selected by us or our designee in our discretion, all of which will be contacted for purposes of providing a reset reference bank rate quotation. 
 Reset U.S. Treasury security means, on a reset dividend determination date, the U.S. Treasury security with a maturity date on, or in the absence of such a security, closest in time to, the reset date immediately following the reset date related to such reset dividend determination date, and in a principal amount deemed customary for a single transaction in such U.S. Treasury securities in the New York City market. If multiple U.S. Treasury securities have their maturity dates equally close in time to, but not on, the reset date immediately following the reset date related to such reset dividend determination date, the U.S. Treasury security maturing earliest will be utilized. If more than one such security matures on the reset date immediately following the reset date related to such reset dividend determination date, or there is more than one such earliest maturing U.S. Treasury security, the U.S. Treasury security issued closest in time to the applicable reset dividend determination date will be used. 
 As noted above, the applicable dividend rate for each reset period is determined by the calculation agent, as of the applicable reset dividend determination date. Promptly upon such determination, the calculation agent will notify us of the dividend rate for the reset period. The calculation agent s determination of any dividend rate, and its calculation of the amount of dividends for any dividend period beginning on or after the First Reset Date will be on file at our principal offices, will be made available to any holder of the Series G Preferred Shares upon request and will be final and binding in the absence of manifest error. 
 We will give notice of the relevant five-year treasury rate as soon as practicable to the transfer agent and the holders of the Series G Preferred Shares. 
 Dividends on the Series G Preferred Shares are not cumulative. Accordingly, if our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) does not declare a dividend on the Series G Preferred Shares payable in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, such dividend will not accrue, we will have no obligation to pay a dividend for that dividend period on the dividend payment date or at any future time, whether or not dividends on the Series G Preferred Shares are declared for any future dividend period and no interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend not so declared. 
 So long as any Series G Preferred Shares remain outstanding for any dividend period, unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on all outstanding Series G Preferred Shares and parity stock (as defined in this section) have been declared and paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside) 
 we shall not pay or declare any dividend on any junior stock (other than a dividend payable solely in shares of junior stock) and 
 we shall not purchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire for consideration, directly or indirectly, any junior stock (other than as a result of a reclassification of junior stock for or into other junior stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share of junior stock for or into another share of junior stock and other than through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of junior stock) during a dividend period. 
 46 

As used in this section, junior stock means our common stock, the Series A Junior Preferred Shares and any other class or series of our stock that ranks junior to the Series G Preferred Shares either as to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or as to the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 When dividends are not paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for payment thereof set aside) in full on any dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series G Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series G Preferred Shares) upon the Series G Preferred Shares or any shares of parity stock, all dividends declared on the Series G Preferred Shares and all such parity stock and payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series G Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series G Preferred Shares) shall be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued but unpaid dividends per Series G Preferred Share and all parity stock payable on such dividend payment date (or, in the case of parity stock having dividend payment dates different from the dividend payment dates pertaining to the Series G Preferred Shares, on a dividend payment date falling within the related dividend period for the Series G Preferred Shares) bear to each other. 
 As used in this section, parity stock means the Series A Preferred Shares, the Series D Preferred Shares, the Series E Preferred Shares, the Series F Preferred Shares and any other class or series of our stock that ranks equally with the Series G Preferred Shares in the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and in the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 Subject to the foregoing, dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise) as may be determined by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) may be declared and paid on our common stock and any other junior stock from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and the Series G Preferred Shares shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 Dividends on the Series G Preferred Shares will not be declared, paid or set aside for payment if we fail to comply, or if such act would cause us to fail to comply, with applicable laws, rules and regulations (including, to the extent we become subject to regulation by a capital regulator, any applicable capital adequacy guidelines). 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of the Series G Preferred Shares and any parity stock are entitled to receive out of our assets available for distribution to stockholders, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors, if any, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of any junior stock, a liquidating distribution in the amount of 1,000 per Series G Preferred Share, plus declared and unpaid dividends, 
 47 

without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Holders of the Series G Preferred Shares will not be entitled to any other amounts from us after they have received their full liquidation preference. 
 In any such distribution, if our assets are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preferences in full to all holders of the Series G Preferred Shares and all holders of any parity stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series G Preferred Shares and to the holders of any parity stock will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of those holders. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of preferred stock means the amount payable to such holder in such distribution, including any declared but unpaid dividends (and any unpaid, accrued cumulative dividends in the case of any holder of stock (other than Series G Preferred Shares) on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis). If the liquidation preference has been paid in full to all holders of the Series G Preferred Shares and any holders of parity stock, the holders of our other stock shall be entitled to receive all of our remaining assets according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 For purposes of this section, our merger or consolidation with any other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of the Series G Preferred Shares receive cash, securities or other property for their shares, or the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets for cash, securities or other property shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 Optional Redemption 
 The Series G Preferred Shares are not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, retirement fund, purchase fund or other similar provisions. We may redeem the Series G Preferred Shares at our option 
 in whole but not in part, at any time, within 90 days after the conclusion of any review or appeal process instituted by us following the occurrence of a rating agency event or, in the absence of any such review or appeal process, from such rating agency event, at a redemption price equal to 1,020 per Series G Preferred Share, plus (except as provided below) an amount equal to any dividends per Series G Preferred Share that have accrued but not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, the redemption date, or 
 (i) in whole but not in part, at any time, within 90 days after the occurrence of a regulatory capital event, or (ii) in whole or in part, on any dividend payment date on or after the First Reset Date, in each case, at a redemption price equal to 1,000 per Series G Preferred Share, plus (except as provided below) an amount equal to any dividends per Series G Preferred Share that have accrued but not been declared and paid for the then-current dividend period to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 Any declared but unpaid dividends payable on a redemption date that occurs subsequent to the dividend record date for a dividend period will not constitute a part of or be paid to the holder entitled to receive the redemption price on the redemption date, but rather will be paid to the holder of record of the redeemed shares on the dividend record date relating to the dividend payment date. 
 Holders of the Series G Preferred Shares do not have the right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series G Preferred Shares. 
 As used in this section, rating agency event means that any nationally recognized statistical rating organization as defined in Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act, that then publishes a rating for us (a rating 
 48 

agency amends, clarifies or changes the criteria it uses to assign equity credit to securities such as the Series G Preferred Shares, which amendment, clarification or change results in 
 the shortening of the length of time the Series G Preferred Shares are assigned a particular level of equity credit by that rating agency as compared to the length of time they would have been assigned that level of equity credit by that rating agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Series G Preferred Shares or 
 the lowering of the equity credit (including up to a lesser amount) assigned to the Series G Preferred Shares by that rating agency as compared to the equity credit assigned by that rating agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Series G Preferred Shares. 
 As used in this section regulatory capital event means that we provide notice to the holders that we have made a good faith determination that, as a result of (i) any amendment to, or change in, the laws, rules, regulations or regulatory standards of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States or any governmental agency, instrumentality or standard-setting organization as may then have group-wide oversight of our regulatory capital (including, for the avoidance of doubt, our capital regulator) that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of the Series G Preferred Shares (ii) any proposed amendment to, or change in, those laws, rules, regulations or regulatory standards that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of the Series G Preferred Shares or (iii) any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws, rules, regulations or regulatory standards that is announced after the initial issuance of the Series G Preferred Shares, there is more than an insubstantial risk that the full liquidation preference of the Series G Preferred Shares outstanding from time to time would not qualify as Tier 1 capital (or a substantially similar concept) for purposes of the capital adequacy rules or regulatory standards of any capital regulator to which we are or will be subject provided that the proposal or adoption of any criterion that is substantially the same as the corresponding criterion in the capital adequacy rules of the Federal Reserve Board applicable to bank holding companies as of the initial issuance of the Series G Preferred Shares will not constitute a regulatory capital event. 
 As used in this section, capital regulator means any governmental agency, instrumentality or standard-setting organization, including, but not limited to, the Federal Reserve Board, the FIO, the NAIC or any state insurance regulator, as may then have group-wide oversight of our regulatory capital. 
 If the Series G Preferred Shares are to be redeemed, we shall give the notice of redemption by first class mail to the holders of record of the Series G Preferred Shares to be redeemed, mailed not less than 5 days nor more than 90 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof provided that, if the Series G Preferred Shares are held in book-entry form through DTC we may give such notice in any manner permitted by DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth 
 the redemption date 
 the number of Series G Preferred Shares to be redeemed and, if less than all the Series G Preferred Shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such Series G Preferred Shares to be redeemed from such holder 
 the redemption price and 
 49 

the place or places where holders may surrender certificates evidencing the Series G Preferred Shares for payment of the redemption price. 
 If we have given a notice of redemption of any Series G Preferred Shares and have set aside the funds necessary for such redemption for the benefit of the holders of any Series G Preferred Shares so called for redemption, then, from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such Series G Preferred Shares, such Series G Preferred Shares shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such Series G Preferred Shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 In case of any redemption of only part of the Series G Preferred Shares at the time outstanding, the Series G Preferred Shares to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata or by lot. 
 If the Series G Preferred Shares are treated as Tier 1 capital (or a substantially similar concept) under the capital guidelines of a capital regulator, any redemption of the Series G Preferred Shares may be subject to our receipt of any required prior approval from the capital regulator and to the satisfaction of any conditions to our redemption of the Series G Preferred Shares set forth in those capital guidelines or any other applicable regulations of the capital regulator. 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as provided below or as otherwise required by applicable law, the holders of the Series G Preferred Shares will have no voting rights. 
 Whenever dividends on any Series G Preferred Shares shall have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of three or more dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods (as used in this section, a Nonpayment ), the holders of such Series G Preferred Shares, voting together as a single class with holders of any and all other series of voting preferred stock (as defined in this section) then outstanding, will be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of our board of directors (as used in this section, the Preferred Stock Directors ), provided that the election of any such directors shall not cause us to violate the corporate governance requirement of the New York Stock Exchange (or any other exchange on which our securities may be listed) that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors. In that event, the number of directors on our board of directors shall automatically increase by two, and the new directors shall be elected at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series G Preferred Shares or of any other series of voting preferred stock (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the stockholders, in which event such election shall be held at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until dividends on the Series G Preferred Shares and any such series of voting preferred stock for at least two consecutive dividend periods following the Nonpayment shall have been fully paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of such dividends shall have been set aside for payment). 
 As used in this section, voting preferred stock means any other class or series of our preferred stock ranking equally with the Series G Preferred Shares either as to the payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, and includes the Series A Preferred Shares, the Series D Preferred Shares, the Series E Preferred Shares and the Series F Preferred Shares. Whether a plurality, majority or other portion of the Series G Preferred Shares and 
 50 

any other voting preferred stock have been voted in favor of any matter shall be determined by reference to the liquidation amounts of the Series G Preferred Shares voted. 
 If and when dividends for at least two consecutive dividend periods following a Nonpayment have been paid in full (or declared and a sum sufficient for such payment shall have been set aside), the holders of the Series G Preferred Shares shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights (subject to revesting in the event of each subsequent Nonpayment) and, if such voting rights for all other holders of voting preferred stock have terminated, the term of office of each Preferred Stock Director so elected shall terminate and the number of directors on the board of directors shall automatically decrease by two. In determining whether dividends have been paid for four dividend periods following a Nonpayment, we may take account of any dividend we elect to pay for such a dividend period after the regular dividend date for that period has passed. Any Preferred Stock Director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding Series G Preferred Shares and any other shares of voting preferred stock then outstanding (voting together as a class) when they have the voting rights described above. So long as a Nonpayment shall continue, any vacancy in the office of a Preferred Stock Director (other than prior to the initial election after a Nonpayment) may be filled by the written consent of the Preferred Stock Director remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding Series G Preferred Shares and any other shares of voting preferred stock then outstanding (voting together as a class) when they have the voting rights described above. The Preferred Stock Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. 
 So long as any Series G Preferred Shares remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding Series G Preferred Shares and all other series of voting preferred stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting 
 amend or alter the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the Series G Preferred Shares so as to authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Series G Preferred Shares with respect to payment of dividends and or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up 
 amend, alter or repeal the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations for the Series G Preferred Shares so as to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series G Preferred Shares, taken as a whole or 
 consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Series G Preferred Shares or merge or consolidate with another entity, unless in each case (i) the Series G Preferred Shares remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (ii) such Series G Preferred Shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series G Preferred Shares immediately prior to such consummation, taken as a whole 
 51 

provided , however , that any increase in the amount of the authorized or issued Series G Preferred Shares or authorized preferred stock or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, of other series of preferred stock ranking equally with and or junior to the Series G Preferred Shares with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up will not be deemed to materially and adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series G Preferred Shares. 
 If an amendment, alteration, repeal, share exchange, reclassification, merger or consolidation described above would materially and adversely affect one or more but not all series of voting preferred stock (including the Series G Preferred Shares for this purpose), then only the series materially and adversely affected and entitled to vote shall vote as a class in lieu of all such series of preferred stock. 
 Without the consent of the holders of the Series G Preferred Shares, so long as such action does not adversely affect the special rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers of the Series G Preferred Shares, taken as a whole, we may amend, alter, supplement or repeal any terms of the Series G Preferred Shares 
 to cure any ambiguity, or to cure, correct or supplement any provision contained in the Certificate of Designations for the Series G Preferred Shares that may be defective or inconsistent or 
 to make any provision with respect to matters or questions arising with respect to the Series G Preferred Shares that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the Certificate of Designations. 
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, we have redeemed or called for redemption upon proper notice all outstanding Series G Preferred Shares and have set aside sufficient funds for the benefit of the holders of Series G Preferred Shares to effect such redemption. 
 Transfer Agent, Registrar, Dividend Disbursing Agent and Calculation Agent 
 Computershare Inc. is the transfer agent, registrar and dividend disbursing agent for the Series G Preferred Shares. We will appoint a calculation agent for the Series G Preferred Shares prior to the First Reset Date. 
 Delivery and Form 
 The Series G Preferred Shares are represented by one or more fully registered global security certificates. Each such global certificate was deposited with, or on behalf of, DTC and registered in the name of DTC or a nominee thereof. 
 52 

</EX-4.18>

<EX-10.18 6>
 3
 exh10186pspawardagreement2.htm
 EX-10.18 6

Document 

Exhibit 10.18.6 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE AGREEMENT 
 MetLife, Inc. confirms that, on grant date (the Grant Date ), it granted you, name , number Performance Shares (your Performance Shares ). Your Performance Shares are subject to the terms and conditions of the MetLife, Inc. 2015 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan and this Performance Share Agreement (this Agreement ), which includes the Award Agreement Supplement (the Supplement ). Please note that the Supplement includes terms for forfeiture of your Performance Shares under some circumstances. 
 Standard Terms . 
 (a) These terms are the Standard Terms and will apply to your Performance Shares except in so far as Sections S-2 Change of Status ), S-3 Change of Control ), or S-16 Restrictive Covenants apply. If Shares are paid to you, you will receive evidence of ownership of those Shares. 
 (b) The three-year Performance Period for your Performance Shares will begin on January 1, year and end on the December 31 immediately preceding the third anniversary of the beginning of the Performance Period. After the conclusion of the Performance Period, the Committee will determine the number of Performance Shares payable in accordance with these Standard Terms (your Final Performance Shares ), and your Final Performance Shares will be due and payable in Shares at the time specified in Section S-8 Timing of Payment ). 
 (c) The Committee will determine your Final Performance Shares by multiplying your Performance Shares by the Final Performance Factor. The Final Performance Factor means the average of two Component Performance Factors (each from zero to 175 ), determined by (1) and (2) below, subject (if applicable) to the cap determined by (3) below. Each Component Performance Factor, and the Final Performance Factor, will be rounded to the nearest tenth of one percent (0.1 ). 
 (1) The first Component Performance Factor will be determined by Performance Factor Appendix 1 to this Agreement based on the Company s Adjusted Return on Equity Performance Result. Adjusted Return on Equity Performance Result is a percentage, rounded to the nearest whole percent, expressing the Company s average annual performance during the Performance Period with respect to Adjusted Return on Equity compared to the Company s Adjusted Return on Equity goal approved by the Committee for this purpose on or before the Grant Date (the Adjusted Return on Equity Goal ). 
 (2) The second Component Performance Factor will be determined by Performance Factor Appendix 2 to this Agreement based on the Company s Total Shareholder Return Performance Result. Total Shareholder Return Performance Result is a percentile rank, rounded to the nearest whole percent, expressing the Company s performance with respect to Total Shareholder Return during the Performance Period compared to the Company s peer companies identified in that appendix. Total Shareholder Return means the change (plus or minus) from the Initial Closing Price to the Final Closing Price, plus dividends (if any) when actually paid on Shares or peer company common stock, as applicable, on a reinvested basis during the applicable period. Initial Closing Price means the average Closing Price for the twenty (20) trading days prior to the first day of the applicable period. Final Closing Price means the average Closing Price for the twenty (20) trading days prior to and including the final day of the applicable period. Closing Price for Shares is defined in Section S-9, Closing Price, and for peer company common stock has the same meaning with reference to the recognized quotation system, including the primary currency used on or for such system, for the primary exchange on which the trading price of each peer company s common stock is quoted at the relevant time. For purposes of this Section (c)(2), a trading day for Shares and for each peer company will be determined on a separate basis based on the trading on the primary exchange on which Shares or the peer company s common stock is quoted. 

(3) If the Company s Total Shareholder Return for the Performance Period is zero or less, the Final Performance Factor shall be the lesser of (a) the average of the percentages determined under Sections (c)(1) and (2) of these Standard Terms or (b) 100 . 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, MetLife, Inc. has caused this agreement to be offered to you, and you have accepted this Agreement by the electronic means made available to you. 

PERFORMANCE FACTOR APPENDIX 1 TO PERFORMANCE SHARE AGREEMENT 
 Determination of Adjusted Return on Equity 
 (a) Adjusted Return on Equity means the adjusted return on the Company s common stockholders equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income other than foreign currency translation adjustments, as defined 
 (1) in the final news release announcing Company financial results for the final quarter prior to the Performance Period that the Company files with or furnishes to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within the first quarter of the Performance Period or 
 (2) if no such definition is in such news release, as defined in the final Quarterly Financial Supplement for the final quarter prior to the Performance Period that the Company files with or furnishes to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within the first quarter of the Performance Period or. 
 (3) if no such definition is in such news release or supplement, as defined by the Committee at the time the Committee approves the Adjusted Return on Equity Goal. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Adjusted Return on Equity shall be defined in the same manner as it is defined in the 2022 re-casted pre-Quarterly Financial Supplement for the Performance Period 2023-2025 that the Company files or furnishes to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within the second quarter of 2023. 
 (b) The Committee will revise either the calculation of Adjusted Return on Equity or the Adjusted Return on Equity Goal, or both, for one or more of the following items, in each case respectively to the extent above or below the Company s three-year business plan on the date on which the Committee approved the Adjusted Return on Equity Goal (the Three-Year Business Plan ), and in each case respectively to the extent the Committee determines in its informed judgment that a Significant Event has occurred that, separate and apart from any or all other Significant Events, has had an effect on Adjusted Return on Equity sufficient to change the Adjusted Return on Equity Performance Result otherwise determined by Standard Terms Section (c)(1) and this Performance Factor Appendix 1, including applicable rounding, by one percent or more. Significant Event means 
 (1) the effect of accounting changes, including but not limited to adoption of accounting standards 
 (2) the effect of business combinations 
 (3) restructuring or related charges 
 (4) nonrecurring tax benefits or charges, including but not limited to tax benefits resulting from reduction in valuation allowance originally established in equity in a prior period 
 (5) common share issuances or repurchases and declared common shareholder dividends 
 (6) catastrophe losses 
 (7) the gain or loss associated with litigation and regulatory settlement or reserve charges 
 (8) asbestos and environment reserve charges or releases 
 (9) earnings from specified classes of non-coupon investments (outside of + - 10 of the earnings on these investments in the Three-Year Business Plan) and or 
 (10) the impact of other significant nonrecurring, infrequent, or unusual items. 

Adjusted Return on Equity Component Performance Factor Determination Below Threshold Threshold Between Threshold and Target Target Between Target and Maximum Maximum Above Maximum Adjusted Return on Equity Performance Result 0 - 79 80 81 - 99 100 101 - 119 120 121 + Component Performance Factor 0 25 For each 1 the performance result is above 80 , add 3.75 to the threshold performance factor of 25 . 100 For each 1 the performance result is above 100 , add 3.75 to the target performance factor of 100 . 175 175 
 
 Determination Examples Adjusted Return on Equity Performance Result Component Performance Factor 79 0 80 25 85 43.75 90 62.50 95 81.25 100 100 105 118.75 110 137.50 115 156.25 120 175 125 175 
 
 The Adjusted Return on Equity Performance Result will be determined against the Adjusted Return on Equity Goal, expressed as a percentage rounded to the nearest whole percent. 
 Notwithstanding presentation of hundredths of one percent, the Component Performance Factor determined by this Performance Factor Appendix 1 will be rounded to the nearest tenth of one percent (0.1 ). 

PERFORMANCE FACTOR APPENDIX 2 TO PERFORMANCE SHARE AGREEMENT 
 Total Shareholder Return Peer Companies 
 Aflac Inc. Lincoln National Corp. Allianz SE Manulife Financial Corp. Allstate Corp. Principal Financial Grp Inc. American International Group Prudential Financial Inc. AXA Prudential PLC Chubb Limited Sun Life Financial Inc. Dai-Ichi Life Insurance Co. Ltd. Travelers Cos. Inc. Globe Life Inc. Unum Group Hartford Financial Services Zurich Financial Services Legal & General Group 
 
 Changes to Total Shareholder Return Peer Companies 
 If the Committee determines in its informed judgment that a significant event has occurred that the Committee expects to have, or the Committee determines has had, a substantial effect on the business or Total Shareholder Return of any of the above peer companies, including by way of example events such as bankruptcies, insolvencies, delisting, and divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, or similar transactions in each case that significantly change the major markets or operational scope of the business, it will remove that peer company from the list of peer companies. 
 
 Total Shareholder Return Component Performance Factor Determination Below Threshold Threshold Between Threshold and Target Target Between Target and Maximum Maximum Above Maximum Total Shareholder Return Performance Result 0 - 24th ile 25th ile 26th - 49th ile 50th ile 51st -87.4th ile 87.5th ile 87.6th -99th ile Component Performance Factor 0 25 For each ile the performance result is above the 25th ile, add 3 to the threshold performance factor of 25 . 100 For each ile the performance result is above the 50th ile, add 2 to the target performance factor of 100 . 175 175 

MetLife will be excluded in the array of peer group companies for purposes of calculating percentile ranking and Performance Result. 

Determination Examples Total Shareholder Return Performance Result Component Performance Factor 24th ile 0 25th ile 25 30th ile 40 40th ile 70 50th ile 100 60th ile 120 70th ile 140 80th ile 160 87.5th ile 175 99th ile 175 

Notwithstanding presentation of hundredths of one percentile, the Total Shareholder Return Performance Result will be determined against Peer Companies expressed as a percentile rounded to the nearest whole percentile . 
 The Component Performance Factor determined by this Performance Factor Appendix 2 will be rounded to the nearest tenth of one percent (0.1 ). 

</EX-10.18 6>

<EX-10.19 6>
 4
 exh10196puawardagreement20.htm
 EX-10.19 6

Document 

Exhibit 10.19.6 
 PERFORMANCE UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Global Affiliate (the Global Affiliate confirms that, on grant date (the Grant Date ), it granted you, name , number Performance Units (your Performance Units ), and approves and ratifies such grant. Your Performance Units are subject to the terms and conditions of the MetLife, Inc. 2015 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan and this Performance Unit Agreement (this Agreement ), which includes the Award Agreement Supplement (the Supplement ). Please note that the Supplement includes terms for forfeiture of your Performance Units under some circumstances. Any payment due under this Agreement may be made by any one or more Affiliates (the Paying Affiliate ). 
 Standard Terms . 
 (a) These terms are the Standard Terms and will apply to your Performance Units except in so far as Sections S-2 Change of Status ), S-3 Change of Control ), or S-16 Restrictive Covenants apply. 
 (b) The three-year Performance Period for your Performance Units will begin on January 1, year and end on the December 31 immediately preceding the third anniversary of the beginning of the Performance Period. After the conclusion of the Performance Period, the Committee will determine the number of Performance Units payable in accordance with these Standard Terms (your Final Performance Units ), and your Final Performance Units will be due and payable in cash equal to the Closing Price on the date the Committee determines your Final Performance Units. Your Final Performance Units will be due and payable at the time specified in Section S-8 Timing of Payment ). 
 (c) The Committee will determine your Final Performance Units by multiplying your Performance Units by the Final Performance Factor. The Final Performance Factor means the average of two Component Performance Factors (each from zero to 175 ), determined by (1) and (2) below, subject (if applicable) to the cap determined by (3) below. Each Component Performance Factor, and the Final Performance Factor, will be rounded to the nearest tenth of one percent (0.1 ). 
 (1) The first Component Performance Factor will be determined by Performance Factor Appendix 1 to this Agreement based on the Company s Adjusted Return on Equity Performance Result. Adjusted Return on Equity Performance Result is a percentage, rounded to the nearest whole percent, expressing the Company s average annual performance during the Performance Period with respect to Adjusted Return on Equity compared to the Company s Adjusted Return on Equity goal approved by the Committee for this purpose on or before the Grant Date (the Adjusted Return on Equity Goal ). 

(2) The second Component Performance Factor will be determined by Performance Factor Appendix 2 to this Agreement based on the Company s Total Shareholder Return Performance Result. Total Shareholder Return Performance Result is a percentile rank, rounded to the nearest whole percent, expressing the Company s performance with respect to Total Shareholder Return during the Performance Period compared to the Company s peer companies identified in that appendix. Total Shareholder Return means the change (plus or minus) from the Initial Closing Price to the Final Closing Price, plus dividends (if any) when actually paid on Shares or peer company common stock, as applicable, on a reinvested basis during the applicable period. Initial Closing Price means the average Closing Price for the twenty (20) trading days prior to the first day of the applicable period. Final Closing Price means the average Closing Price for the twenty (20) trading days prior to and including the final day of the applicable period. Closing Price for Shares is defined in Section S-9, Closing Price, and for peer company common stock has the same meaning with reference to the recognized quotation system, including the primary currency used on or for such system, for the primary exchange on which the trading price of each peer company s common stock is quoted at the relevant time. For purposes of this Section (c)(2), a trading day for Shares and for each peer company will be determined on a separate basis based on the trading on the primary exchange on which Shares or the peer company s common stock is quoted. 
 
 (3) If the Company s Total Shareholder Return for the Performance Period is zero or less, the Final Performance Factor shall be the lesser of (a) the average of the percentages determined under Sections (c)(1) and (2) of these Standard Terms or (b) 100 . 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Global Affiliate has caused this agreement to be offered to you, and you have accepted this Agreement by the electronic means made available to you. 

PERFORMANCE FACTOR APPENDIX 1 TO PERFORMANCE UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Determination of Adjusted Return on Equity 
 (a) Adjusted Return on Equity means the adjusted return on the Company s common stockholders equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income other than foreign currency translation adjustments, as defined 
 (1) in the final news release announcing Company financial results for the final quarter prior to the Performance Period that the Company files with or furnishes to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within the first quarter of the Performance Period or 
 (2) if no such definition is in such news release, as defined in the final Quarterly Financial Supplement for the final quarter prior to the Performance Period that the Company files with or furnishes to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within the first quarter of the Performance Period or. 
 (3) if no such definition is in such news release or supplement, as defined by the Committee at the time the Committee approves the Adjusted Return on Equity Goal. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Adjusted Return on Equity shall be defined in the same manner as it is defined in the 2022 re-casted pre-Quarterly Financial Supplement for the Performance Period 2023-2025 that the Company files or furnishes to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within the second quarter of 2023. 
 (b) The Committee will revise either the calculation of Adjusted Return on Equity or the Adjusted Return on Equity Goal, or both, for one or more of the following items, in each case respectively to the extent above or below the Company s three-year business plan on the date on which the Committee approved the Adjusted Return on Equity Goal (the Three-Year Business Plan ), and in each case respectively to the extent the Committee determines in its informed judgment that a Significant Event has occurred that, separate and apart from any or all other Significant Events, has had an effect on Adjusted Return on Equity sufficient to change the Adjusted Return on Equity Performance Result otherwise determined by Standard Terms Section (c)(1) and this Performance Factor Appendix 1, including applicable rounding, by one percent or more. Significant Event means 
 (1) the effect of accounting changes, including but not limited to adoption of accounting standards 
 (2) the effect of business combinations 
 (3) restructuring or related charges 
 (4) nonrecurring tax benefits or charges, including but not limited to tax benefits resulting from reduction in valuation allowance originally established in equity in a prior period 
 (5) common share issuances or repurchases and declared common shareholder dividends 
 (6) catastrophe losses 
 (7) the gain or loss associated with litigation and regulatory settlement or reserve charges 
 (8) asbestos and environment reserve charges or releases 
 (9) earnings from specified classes of non-coupon investments (outside of + - 10 of the earnings on these investments in the Three-Year Business Plan) and or 
 (10) the impact of other significant nonrecurring, infrequent, or unusual items. 

Adjusted Return on Equity Component Performance Factor Determination Below Threshold Threshold Between Threshold and Target Target Between Target and Maximum Maximum Above Maximum Adjusted Return on Equity Performance Result 0 - 79 80 81 - 99 100 101 - 119 120 121 + Component Performance Factor 0 25 For each 1 the performance result is above 80 , add 3.75 to the threshold performance factor of 25 . 100 For each 1 the performance result is above 100 , add 3.75 to the target performance factor of 100 . 175 175 
 
 Determination Examples Adjusted Return on Equity Performance Result Component Performance Factor 79 0 80 25 85 43.75 90 62.50 95 81.25 100 100 105 118.75 110 137.50 115 156.25 120 175 125 175 
 
 The Adjusted Return on Equity Performance Result will be determined against the Adjusted Return on Equity Goal, expressed as a percentage rounded to the nearest whole percent. 
 Notwithstanding presentation of hundredths of one percent, the Component Performance Factor determined by this Performance Factor Appendix 1 will be rounded to the nearest tenth of one percent (0.1 ). 

PERFORMANCE FACTOR APPENDIX 2 TO PERFORMANCE UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Total Shareholder Return Peer Companies 
 Aflac Inc. Lincoln National Corp. Allianz SE Manulife Financial Corp. Allstate Corp. Principal Financial Grp Inc. American International Group Prudential Financial Inc. AXA Prudential PLC Chubb Limited Sun Life Financial Inc. Dai-Ichi Life Insurance Co. Ltd. Travelers Cos. Inc. Globe Life Inc. Unum Group Hartford Financial Services Zurich Financial Services Legal & General Group 
 
 Changes to Total Shareholder Return Peer Companies 
 If the Committee determines in its informed judgment that a significant event has occurred that the Committee expects to have, or the Committee determines has had, a substantial effect on the business or Total Shareholder Return of any of the above peer companies, including by way of example events such as bankruptcies, insolvencies, delisting, and divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, or similar transactions in each case that significantly change the major markets or operational scope of the business, it will remove that peer company from the list of peer companies. 
 
 Total Shareholder Return Component Performance Factor Determination Below Threshold Threshold Between Threshold and Target Target Between Target and Maximum Maximum Above Maximum Total Shareholder Return Performance Result 0 - 24th ile 25th ile 26th - 49th ile 50th ile 51st -87.4th ile 87.5th ile 87.6th -99th ile Component Performance Factor 0 25 For each ile the performance result is above the 25th ile, add 3 to the threshold performance factor of 25 . 100 For each ile the performance result is above the 50th ile, add 2 to the target performance factor of 100 . 175 175 

MetLife will be excluded in the array of peer group companies for purposes of calculating percentile ranking and Performance Result. 

Determination Examples Total Shareholder Return Performance Result Component Performance Factor 24th ile 0 25th ile 25 30th ile 40 40th ile 70 50th ile 100 60th ile 120 70th ile 140 80th ile 160 87.5th ile 175 99th ile 175 

Notwithstanding presentation of hundredths of one percentile, the Total Shareholder Return Performance Result will be determined against Peer Companies expressed as a percentile rounded to the nearest whole percentile . 
 The Component Performance Factor determined by this Performance Factor Appendix 2 will be rounded to the nearest tenth of one percent (0.1 ). 

</EX-10.19 6>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 exhibit211metlifeincsubsid.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 METLIFE, INC. 
 As of 12 31 22 

Wholly-Owned Active Subsidiaries 1 
 
 1. 150 NORTH RIVERSIDE PE MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 2. 23 RD STREET INVESTMENTS, INC. (DE) 
 3. 500 GRANT STREET ASSOCIATES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (CT) 
 4. 500 GRANT STREET GP LLC (DE) 
 5. 1201 TAB MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 6. 1350 EYE STREET MANAGER LLC (DE 
 7. 1350 EYE STREET OWNER LLC (DE) 
 8. 6104 HOLLYWOOD, LLC (DE) 
 9. 10700 WILSHIRE, LLC (DE) 
 10. AFFIRMATIVE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AUSTRALIA PTY LTD (AUSTRALIA) 
 11. AFFIRMATIVE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT JAPAN K.K. (JAPAN) 
 12. AFFIRMATIVE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT PARTNERS LTD (UK) 
 13. AFP GENESIS ADMINISTRADORA DE FONDOS Y FIDECOMISOS S.A. (ECUADOR) 
 14. AGENVITA S.R.L. (ITALY) 
 15. ALICO HELLAS SINGLE MEMBER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY (GREECE) 
 16. ALICO OPERATIONS, LLC (DE) 
 17. AMERICAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY (DE) 
 18. BLOCK VISION HOLDINGS CORPORATION (DE) 
 19. BLOCK VISION OF TEXAS, INC. (TX) 
 20. BORDERLAND INVESTMENTS LIMITED (DE) 
 21. BOULEVARD RESIDENTIAL, LLC (DE) 
 22. CC HOLDCO MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 23. CHESTNUT FLATS WIND, LLC (DE) 
 24. COMPANIA INVERSORA METLIFE S.A. (ARGENTINA) 
 25. CORPORATE REAL ESTATE HOLDINGS, LLC (DE) 
 26. COVA LIFE MANAGEMENT COMPANY (DE) 
 27. CLOSED JOINT-STOCK COMPANY MASTER-D (RUSSIA) 
 28. DAVIS VISION, INC. (NY) 
 29. DAVISVISION IPA, INC. (NY) 
 30. DELAWARE AMERICAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY (DE) 
 31. EURO CL INVESTMENTS, LLC (DE) 
 32. EXCELENCIA OPERATIVA Y TECNOLOGICA, S.A DE C.V. (MEXICO) 
 33. FORTISSIMO CO., LTD (JAPAN) 

1 Does not include real estate joint ventures and partnerships of which MetLife, Inc. and or its subsidiaries is an investment partner. 

34. FUNDACION METLIFE MEXICO, A.C. (MEXICO) 
 35. GLOBAL PROPERTIES, INC. (DE) 
 36. GV VENTURE MANAGER LLC (DE) 
 37. HASKELL EAST VILLAGE, LLC (DE) 
 38. HAMPDEN SQUARE MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 39. HOUSING FUND MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 40. INTERNATIONAL TECHNICAL AND ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED (DE) 
 41. INVERSIONES METLIFE HOLDCO DOS LIMITADA (CHILE) 
 42. INVERSIONES METLIFE HOLDCO TRES LIMITADA (CHILE) 
 43. LHC HOLDINGS (US) LLC (DE) 
 44. LHCW HOLDINGS (US) LLC (DE) 
 45. LHCW HOTEL HOLDING LLC (DE) 
 46. LHCW HOTEL HOLDING (2002) LLC (DE) 
 47. LHCW HOTEL OPERATING COMPANY (2002) LLC (DE) 
 48. MC PORTFOLIO JV MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 49. MCJV, LLC (DE) 
 50. MCP BLOCK 23 RESIDENTIAL OWNER, LLC 
 51. MCPP OWNERS, LLC (DE) 
 52. MCRE BLOCK 40, LP 
 53. MEC HEALTH CARE, INC. (MD) 
 54. MET 1065 HOTEL, LLC (DE) 
 55. MET CANADA SOLAR ULC (CANADA) 
 56. METLIFE 425 MKT MANAGER, LLC 
 57. METLIFE 425 MKT MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 58. METLIFE 555 12TH MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 59. METLIFE 8280 MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 60. METLIFE 1007 STEWART, LLC (DE) 
 61. METLIFE 1201 TAB MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 62. METLIFE ACOMA OWNER, LLC (DE) 
 63. METLIFE ADMINISTRADORA DE FUNDOS MULTIPATROCINADOS LTDA. (BRAZIL) 
 64. METLIFE ALTERNATIVES GP, LLC (DE) 
 65. METLIFE ASHTON AUSTIN OWNER, LLC (DE) 
 66. METLIFE ASIA HOLDING COMPANY PTE. LTD. (SINGAPORE) 
 67. METLIFE ASIA LIMITED (HONG KONG) 
 68. METLIFE ASIA SERVICES SDN. BHD (MALASYA) 
 69. METLIFE ASSET MANAGEMENT CORP. (JAPAN) 
 70. METLIFE ASSIGNMENT COMPANY, INC. (DE) 
 71. METLIFE BORO STATION MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 72. METLIFE CAMINO RAMON MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 73. METLIFE CAMPUS AT SGV MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 74. METLIFE CAPITAL CREDIT L.P. (DE) 
 75. METLIFE CAPITAL TRUST IV (DE) 
 76. METLIFE CAPITAL, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (DE) 

77. METLIFE CC MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 78. METLIFE CHILE ADMINISTRADORA DE MUTUOS HIPOTECARIOS S.A. (CHILE) 
 79. METLIFE CHILE INVERSIONES LIMITADA (CHILE) 
 80. METLIFE CHILE SEGUROS DE VIDA S.A. (CHILE) 
 81. METLIFE CHILE SEGUROS GENERALES S.A. (CHILE) 
 82. METLIFE CHINO MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 83. METLIFE COLOMBIA SEGUROS DE VIDA S.A. (COLOMBIA) 
 84. METLIFE CONSUMER SERVICES, INC. (DE) 
 85. METLIFE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE INCOME FUND GP, LLC (DE) 
 86. METLIFE CONSQUARE MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 87. METLIFE CORE PROPERTY FUND GP, LLC (DE) 
 88. METLIFE CREDIT CORP.(DE) 
 89. METLIFE ENHANCED CORE PROPERTY FUND GP, LLC (DE) 
 90. METLIFE EU HOLDING COMPANY LIMITED (IRELAND) 
 91. METLIFE EUROPE INSURANCE D.A.C.(IRELAND) 
 92. METLIFE EUROPE D.A.C. (IRELAND) 93. METLIFE EUROPE SERVICES LIMITED (IRELAND) 
 94. METLIFE EUROPEAN HOLDINGS, LLC. (DE) 
 95. METLIFE FINANCIAL SERVICES, CO., LTD (SOUTH KOREA) 
 96. METLIFE FM HOTEL MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 97. METLIFE FUNDING, INC. (DE) 
 98. METLIFE GENERAL INSURANCE LIMITED (AUSTRALIA) 
 99. METLIFE GLOBAL, INC. (DE) 
 100. METLIFE GLOBAL BENEFITS, LTD. (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 
 101. METLIFE GLOBAL HOLDING COMPANY I GMBH (SWISS I) (SWITZERLAND) 
 102. METLIFE GLOBAL HOLDING COMPANY II GMBH (SWISS II) (SWITZERLAND) 
 103. METLIFE GLOBAL HOLDINGS CORPORATION S.A. DE C.V.(IRELAND) 
 104. METLIFE GLOBAL OPERATIONS SUPPORT CENTER PRIVATE LIMITED (INDIA) 
 105. METLIFE GROUP, INC. (NY) 
 106. METLIFE GV OWNER LLC (DE) 
 107. METLIFE HCMJV 1 GP, LLC (DE) 
 108. METLIFE HCMJV 1 LP, LLC (DE) 
 109. METLIFE HEALTH PLANS, INC. (DE) 
 110. METLIFE HOLDINGS, INC. (DE) 
 111. METLIFE HOME LOANS, LLC (DE) 
 112. METLIFE INNOVATION CENTRE LIMITED (IRELAND) 
 113. METLIFE INNOVATION CENTRE PTE. LTD. (SINGAPORE) 
 114. METLIFE INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT TRUST (AUSTRALIA) 
 115. METLIFE INSURANCE BROKERAGE, INC. (NY) 
 116. METLIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF KOREA, LTD. (SOUTH KOREA) 
 117. METLIFE INSURANCE K.K. (JAPAN) 
 118. METLIFE INSURANCE LIMITED (AUSTRALIA) 
 119. METLIFE INTERNATIONAL HF PARTNERS, LP (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 

120. METLIFE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, LLC (DE) 
 121. METLIFE INTERNATIONAL LIMITED, LLC (DE) 
 122. METLIFE INTERNATIONAL PE FUND I, LP (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 
 123. METLIFE INTERNATIONAL PE FUND II, LP (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 
 124. METLIFE INTERNATIONAL PE FUND III, LP (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 
 125. METLIFE INTERNATIONAL PE FUND IV, LP (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 
 126. METLIFE INTERNATIONAL PE FUND V, LP (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 
 127. METLIFE INTERNATIONAL PE FUND VI, LP (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 
 128. METLIFE INTERNATIONAL PE FUND VII, LP (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 
 129. METLIFE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, LLC (DE) 
 130. METLIFE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT EUROPE LIMITED (IRELAND) 
 131. METLIFE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS (IRELAND) LIMITED (IRELAND) 
 132. METLIFE INVESTMENTS ASIA LIMITED (HONG KONG) 
 133. METLIFE INVESTMENTS LIMITED (UNITED KINGDOM) 
 134. METLIFE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS, LLC (DE) 
 135. METLIFE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LIMITED (UNITED KINGDOM) 
 136. METLIFE INVESTMENTS PTY LIMITED (AUSTRALIA) 
 137. METLIFE INVESTMENTS SECURITIES, LLC (DE) 
 138. METLIFE INVESTORS DISTRIBUTION COMPANY (MO) 
 139. METLIFE INVESTORS GROUP, LLC (DE) 
 140. METLIFE IRELAND TREASURY D.A.C. (IRELAND) 
 141. METLIFE JAPAN GHV (HOTEL) FUND LP (DE) 
 142. METLIFE JAPAN GMV (MALL) FUND LP (DE) 
 143. METLIFE JAPAN GV GP LLC (DE) 
 144. METLIFE JAPAN OWNER (BLOCKER) LLC (DE) 
 145. METLIFE JAPAN US EQUITY FUND GP LLC (DE) 
 146. METLIFE JAPAN US EQUITY FUND LP (DE) 
 147. METLIFE JAPAN US EQUITY OWNERS (BLOCKER) LLC (DE) 
 148. METLIFE JAPAN US EQUITY OWNERS LLC (DE) 
 149. METLIFE JAPAN WATER TOWER FUND LP (DE) 
 150. METLIFE JAPAN WATER TOWER GP LLC (DE) 
 151. METLIFE JAPAN WATER TOWER OWNER (BLOCKER) LLC (DE) 
 152. METLIFE LATIN AMERICA ASESORIAS E INVERSIONES LIMITADA (CHILE) 
 153. METLIFE LEGAL PLANS, INC. (DE) 
 154. METLIFE LEGAL PLANS OF FLORIDA, INC. (FL) 
 155. METLIFE LHH MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 156. METLIFE LOAN ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC (DE) 
 157. METLIFE LONG SHORT CREDIT FUND, LP (DE) 
 158. METLIFE LONG SHORT CREDIT MASTER FUND, LP (DE) 
 159. METLIFE LONG SHORT CREDIT PARALLEL FUND, LP (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 
 160. METLIFE MAS, S.A. DE C.V. (MEXICO) 
 161. METLIFE MEXICO HOLDINGS, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. (MEXICO) 
 162. METLIFE MEXICO S.A. DE C.V. (MEXICO) 
 163. METLIFE MEXICO SERVICIOS, S.A. DE C.V. (MEXICO) 
 164. METLIFE MIDDLE MARKET PRIVATE DEBT GP, LLC (DE) 

165. METLIFE MIDDLE MARKET PRIVATE DEBT GP II, LLC (DE) 
 166. METLIFE MIDDLE MARKET PRIVATE DEBT PARALLEL GP, LLC (DE) 
 167. METLIFE MIDDLE MARKET PRIVATE DEBT PARALLEL FUND, LP (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 
 168. METLIFE MMPD II SPECIAL, LLC (DE) 
 169. METLIFE MULTI-FAMILY PARTNERS III, LLC (DE) 
 170. METLIFE NEXT GEN VENTURES, LLC (DE) 
 171. METLIFE OBS MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 172. METLIFE OFC MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 173. METLIFE ONTARIO STREET MEMBR, LLC (DE) 
 174. METLIFE PARK TOWER MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 175. METLIFE PENSIONES MEXICO S.A. (MEXICO) 
 176. METLIFE PENSION TRUSTEES LIMITED (UK) 
 177. METLIFE PET INSURANCE SOLUTIONS LLC (KY) 
 178. METLIFE PLANOS ODONTOLOGICOS LTDA. (BRAZIL) 
 179. METLIFE PRIVATE EQUITY HOLDINGS, LLC (DE) 
 180. METLIFE PROPERTIES VENTURES, LLC (DE) 
 181. METLIFE RC SF MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 182. METLIFE REAL ESTATE LENDING LLC (DE) 
 183. METLIFE REINSURANCE COMPANY OF BERMUDA LTD. (BERMUDA) 
 184. METLIFE REINSURANCE COMPANY OF CHARLESTON (SC) 
 185. METLIFE REINSURANCE COMPANY OF VERMONT (VT) 
 186. METLIFE RETIREMENT SERVICES LLC (NJ) 
 187. METLIFE SECURITIZATION DEPOSITOR LLC (DE) 
 188. METLIFE SEGUROS S.A. (URUGUAY) 
 189. METLIFE SENIOR DIRECT LENDING FINCO, LLC (DE) 
 190. METLIFE SENIOR DIRECT LENDING FUND, LP (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 
 191. METLIFE SENIOR DIRECT LENDING GP, LLC (DE) 
 192. METLIFE SENIOR DIRECT LENDING HOLDINGS, LP (DE) 
 193. METLIFE SERVICES AND SOLUTIONS, LLC (DE) 
 194. METLIFE SERVICES CYPRUS LTD. (CYPRUS) 
 195. METLIFE SERVICES EAST PRIVATE LIMITED (INDIA) 
 196. METLIFE SERVICES EEIG (IRELAND) 
 197. METLIFE SERVICES EOOD (BULGARIA) 
 198. METLIFE SERVICES PTY. LIMITED (AUSTRALIA) 
 199. METLIFE SERVICES, SOCIEDAD LIMITADA (SPAIN) 
 200. METLIFE SERVICIOS S.A. (ARGENTINA) 
 201. METLIFE SINGLE FAMILY RENTAL FUND GP, LLC (DE) 
 202. METLIFE SINGLE FAMILY RENTAL FUND, LP (DE) 
 203. METLIFE SOLUTIONS PTE. LTD. (SINGAPORE) 
 204. METLIFE SOLUTIONS S.A.S. (FRANCE) 
 205. METLIFE SP HOLDINGS, LLC (DE) 
 206. METLIFE STRATEGIC HOTEL DEBT FUND GP, LLC (DE) 
 207. METLIFE SYNDICATED BANK LOAN LUX GP, S. .R.L. (LUXEMBOURG) 
 208. METLIFE THR INVESTOR, LLC (DE) 
 209. METLIFE TOWER RESOURCES GROUP, INC. (DE) 
 210. METLIFE UK LIMITED (UK) 

211. METLIFE WATER TOWER OWNER LLC (DE) 
 212. METLIFE WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS, LLC (DE) 
 213. METROPOLITAN GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY (RI) 
 214. METROPOLITAN GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, LLC (IRELAND) 
 215. METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY (NY) 
 216. METROPOLITAN LIFE SEGUROS E PREVID NCIA PRIVADA S.A. (BRAZIL) 
 217. METROPOLITAN LIFE SOCIETATE DE ADMINISTRARE A UNUI FOND DE PENSII ADMINISTRAT PRIVAT S.A. (ROMANIA) 
 218. METROPOLITAN TOWER LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY (NE) 
 219. METROPOLITAN TOWER REALTY COMPANY, INC. (DE) 
 220. MEX DF PROPERTIES, LLC (DE) 
 221. MIDTOWN HEIGHTS, LLC (DE) 
 222. MIM I LLC (PA) 
 223. MIM ALDER AVENUE INDUSTRIAL MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 224. MIM CAMPUS AT SGV MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 225. MIM CLAL GENERAL PARTNER, LLC (DE) 
 226. MIM CM SYNDICATOR LLC (DE) 
 227. MIM COOPERATIVE MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 228. MIM EMD GP, LLC (DE) 
 229. MIM INTERSECT MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 230. MIM LS GP, LLC (DE) 
 231. MIM METWEST INTERNATIONAL MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 232. MIM ML-AI VENTURE 5 MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 233. MIM OMD MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 234. MIM PROPERTY MANAGEMENT, LLC (DE) 
 235. MIM PROPERTY MANAGEMENT OF GEORGIA 1, LLC (DE) 
 236. MIM RAUSCH CREEK LOGISTICS CENTER MANAGER I, LLC (DE) 
 237. MIM RAUSCH CREEK LOGISTICS CENTER MANAGER II, LLC (DE) 
 238. MIM RINCON MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 239. MIM VALLEY BOULEVARD INDUSTRIAL MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 240. MISSOURI REINSURANCE, INC. (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 
 241. ML 300 THIRD MEMBER LLC (DE) 
 242. ML CORNER 63 MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 243. ML OMD MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 244. ML ONE BEDMINSTER, LLC (DE) 
 245. ML-AI METLIFE MEMBER 2, LLC (DE) 
 246. ML-AI METLIFE MEMBER 3, LLC (DE) 
 247. ML-AI METLIFE MEMBER 4, LLC (DE) 
 248. ML-AI METLIFE MEMBER 5, LLC (DE) 
 249. ML ARMATURE MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 250. ML BELLEVUE MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 251. ML BELLEVUE MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 252. ML CLAL MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 253. ML CERRITOS TC MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 254. ML HS MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 255. ML HUDSON MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 256. ML MATSON MILLS MEMBER LLC (DE) 

257. ML MMIP MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 258. ML PORT CHESTER SC MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 259. ML SLOAN S LAKE MEMEBR, LLC (DE) 
 260. ML SOUTHLANDS MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 261. ML VENTURE 1 MANAGER, S. DE R. L. DE C.V. (MEXICO) 
 262. ML VENTURE 1 SERVICER, LLC (DE) 
 263. MLIA MANAGER I, LLC (DE) 
 264. MLIA PARK TOWER MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 265. MLIA SBAF MANAGER LLC (DE) 
 266. ML CAPACITACION COMERCIAL S.A. DE C.V. (MEXICO) 
 267. ML DOLPHIN GP, LLC (DE) 
 268. ML DOLPHIN MEZZ, LLC (DE) 
 269. ML MILILANI MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 270. ML SENTINEL SQUARE MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 271. ML SOUTHMORE, LLC (DE) 
 272. ML TERMINAL 106 MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 273. ML UNIVERSITY TOWN CENTER MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 274. MLIA SBAF COLONY MANAGER LLC (DE) 
 275. MLIC ASSET HOLDINGS II LLC (DE) 
 276. ML-URS PORT CHESTER SC MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 277. MLIC ASSET HOLDINGS LLC (DE) 
 278. MLIC CB HOLDINGS LLC (DE) 
 279. MLJ US FEEDER LLC (DE) 
 280. ML SWAN GP, LLC (DE) 
 281. ML SWAN MEZZ, LLC (DE) 
 282. ML TERRACES, LLC (DE) 
 283. MM GLOBAL OPERATIONS SUPPORT CENTER, S.A. DE C.V. (MEXICO) 
 284. MMIP MANAGER, LLC (DE) 
 285. MMP CEDAR STREET OWNER, LLC (DE) 
 286. MMP CEDAR STREET REIT, LLC (DE) 
 287. MMP HOLDINGS III, LLC (DE) 
 288. MMP OLIVIAN OWNER, LLC (DE) 
 289. MMP OLIVIAN REIT, LLC (DE) 
 290. MMP OWNERS III, LLC (DE) 
 291. MMP OWNERS, LLC (DE) 
 292. MMP SOUTH PARK OWNER, LLC (DE) 
 293. MMP SOUTH PARK REIT, LLC (DE) 
 294. MNQM TRUST 2020 (DE) 
 295. MREF 425 MKT, LLC (DE) 
 296. MSHDF HOLDCO I, LLC (DE) 
 297. MSV IRVINE PROPERTY, LLC (DE) 
 298. MTL GV OWNER LLC (DE) 
 299. MTL HS MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 300. MTL LEASING, LLC (DE) 
 301. MTU HOTEL OWNER, LLC (DE) 
 302. NATILOPORTEM HOLDINGS, LLC (DE) 
 303. NEWBURY INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED (DE) 

304. OCONEE GOLF COMPANY, LLC (DE) 
 305. OCONEE HOTEL COMPANY, LLC (DE) 
 306. OCONEE LAND COMPANY, LLC (DE) 
 307. OCONEE LAND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, LLC (DE) 
 308. OCONEE MARINA COMPANY, LLC (DE) 
 309. OMI MLIC INVESTMENTS LIMITED (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 
 310. PACIFIC LOGISTICS INDUSTRIAL NORTH, LLC (DE) 
 311. PACIFIC LOGISTICS INDUSTRIAL SOUTH, LLC (DE) 
 312. PARK TOWER JV MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 313. PARK TOWER REIT, INC. (DE) 
 314. PJSC METLIFE (UKRAINE) 
 315. PLAZA DRIVE PROPERTIES, LLC (DE) 
 316. PREFCO FOURTEEN, LLC (DE) 
 317. PROVIDA INTERNACIONAL S.A. (CHILE) 
 318. SAFEGUARD HEALTH PLANS, INC. (CA) 
 319. SAFEGUARD HEALTH PLANS, INC. (FL) 
 320. SAFEGUARD HEALTH PLANS, INC. (TX) 
 321. SAFEGUARD HEALTH ENTERPRISES, INC. (DE) 
 322. SAFEHEALTH LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY (CA) 
 323. SOUTHCREEK INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS, LLC (DE) 
 324. ST. JAMES FLEET INVESTMENTS TWO LIMITED (CAYMAN ISLANDS) 
 325. SUPERIOR PROCUREMENT, INC. (DE) 
 326. SUPERIOR VISION BENEFIT MANAGEMENT, INC. (NJ) 
 327. SUPERIOR VISION HOLDINGS, INC. (DE) 
 328. SUPERIOR VISION INSURANCE, INC. (AZ) 
 329. SUPERIOR VISION OF NEW JERSEY, INC. (NJ) 
 330. SUPERIOR VISION INSURANCE PLAN OF WISCONSIN, INC. (WI) 
 331. SUPERIOR VISION SERVICES, INC. (DE) 
 332. THE BUILDING AT 575 FIFTH AVENUE MEZZANINE LLC (DE) 
 333. THE BUILDING AT 575 FIFTH RETAIL HOLDING LLC (DE) 
 334. THE BUILDING AT 575 FIFTH RETAIL OWNER (DE) 
 335. TRANSMOUNTAIN LAND & LIVESTOCK COMPANY (MT) 
 336. UVC INDEPENDENT PRACTICE ASSOCIATION, INC. (NY) 
 337. VERSANT HEALTH CONSOLIDATIONS CORP. (DE) 
 338. VERSANT HEALTH HOLDCO, INC. (DE) 
 339. VERSANT HEALTH, INC. (DE) 
 340. VERSANT HEALTH LAB, LLC (DE) 
 341. VIRIDIAN MIRACLE MILE, LLC (DE) 
 342. VISION 21 MANAGED EYE CARE OF TAMPA BAY, INC. (FL) 
 343. VISION 21 PHYSICIAN PRACTICE MANAGEMENT COMPANY (FL) 
 344. VISION TWENTY-ONE MANAGED EYE CARE IPA, INC. (NY) 
 345. WATER TOWER MANAGER LLC (DE) 
 346. WDV ACQUISITION CORP. (DE) 
 347. WFP 1000 HOLDING COMPANY GP, LLC (DE) 
 348. WHITE OAK ROYALTY COMPANY (OK) 
 349. WHITE TRACT II, LLC (DE) 

METLIFE, INC. 
 As of 12 31 22 
 
 Companies that are not wholly-owned by MetLife, Inc., but which MetLife, Inc. directly or indirectly controls by virtue of its power to direct or cause the direction of such companies management and policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise (or is presumed to control under applicable insurance laws). 2 
 
 350. 60 11TH STREET, LLC (DE) 
 351. AFP PROVIDA S.A. (CHILE) 
 352. ALICO PROPERTIES, INC. (DE) 
 353. AMMETLIFE INSURANCE BERHAD (MALAYSIA) 
 354. AMMETLIFE TAKAFUL BERHAD (MALAYSIA) 
 355. BIDV METLIFE LIFE INSURANCE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY (VIETNAM) 
 356. CENTER AVENUE INDUSTRIAL, LLC (DE) 
 357. CENTER AVENUE INDUSTRIAL VENTURE, LLC (DE) 
 358. DES MOINES CREEK BUSINESS PARK PHASE II, LLC (DE) 
 359. LONG ISLAND SOLAR FARM LLC (DE) 
 360. MAXIS GBN S.A.S. (FRANCE) 
 361. MAXIS SERVICES, LLC (DE) 
 362. MAXIS INSURANCE BROKERAGE SERVICES, INC. (DE) 
 363. MCMIF HOLDCO I, LLC (DE) 
 364. MCMIF HOLDCO II, LLC (DE) 
 365. MCMIF HOLDCO III, LLC (DE) 
 366. MCP 220 YORK, LLC (DE) 
 367. MCP 1500 MICHAEL, LLC 
 368. MCP ENGLISH VILLAGE, LLC (DE) 
 369. MCP - WELLINGTON, LLC (DE) 
 370. MCP 2 AMES, LLC (DE) 
 371. MCP 2 AMES ONE, LLC (DE) 
 372. MCP 2 AMES OWNER, LLC (DE) 
 373. MCP 2 AMES TWO, LLC (DE) 
 374. MCP 7 RIVERWAY, LLC (DE) 
 375. MCP 38th WEST HIGHLAND, LLC (DE) 
 376. MCP 50-60 BINNEY, LLC (DE) 
 377. MCP 93 RED RIVER MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 378. MCP 100 CONGRESS MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 379. MCP 122 E. SEGO LILLY, LLC (DE) 
 380. MCP 249 INDUSTRIAL BUSINESS PARK, LLC (DE) 
 381. MCP 350 ROHLWING, LLC (DE) 
 382. MCP 550 WEST WASHINGTON, LLC (DE) 
 383. MCP 1900 MCKINNEY, LLC (DE) 

2 Does not include real estate joint ventures and partnerships of which MetLife, Inc. and or its subsidiaries is an investment partner. 

384. MCP 22745 & 22755 RELOCATION DRIVE, LLC (DE) 
 385. MCP 3040 POST OAK, LLC (DE) 
 386. MCP 9020 MURPHY ROAD, LLC (DE) 
 387. MCP ALDER AVENUE INDUSTRIAL MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 388. MCP ALLEN CREEK MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 389. MCP ALLEY24 EAST, LLC (DE) 
 390. MCP ASHTON SOUTH END, LLC (DE) 
 391. MCP ASTOR AT OSBORN, LLC (DE) 
 392. MCP BRADFORD, LLC (DE) 
 393. MCP BROADSTONE, LLC (DE) 
 394. MCP BUFORD LOGISTICS CENTER BLDG B, LLC (DE) 
 395. MCP BURNSIDE MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 396. MCP CENTER AVENUE INDUSTRIAL MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 397. MCP CLAWITER INNOVATION MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 398. MCP COMMON DESK TRS, LLC (DE) 
 399. MCP DENVER PAVILIONS MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 400. MCP DILLON, LLC (DE) 
 401. MCP DILLON RESIDENTIAL, LLC (DE) 
 402. MCP ESG TRS, LLC (DE) 
 403. MCP ENV CHICAGO, LLC (DE) 
 404. MCP FIFE ENTERPRISE CENTER, LLC (DE) 
 405. MCP FINANCING, LLC (DE) 
 406. MCP FRISCO OFFICE, LLC (DE) 
 407. MCP FRISCO OFFICE TWO, LLC (DE) 
 408. MCP GATEWAY COMMERCE CENTER 5, LLC (DE) 
 409. MCP GRAPEVINE, LLC (DE) 
 410. MCP HH Hotel LB, LLC (DE) 
 411. MCP HH Hotel TRS LB, LLC (DE) 
 412. MCP HH Hotel LB Trust (MD) 
 413. MCP HIGHLAND PARK LENDER, LLC (DE) 
 414. MCP HUB I, LLC (DE) 
 415. MCP HUB I PROPERTY, LLC (DE) 
 416. MCP KEY WEST, LLC (DE) 
 417. MCP LODGE AT LAKECREST, LLC (DE) 
 418. MCP LONGHAVEN ESTATES MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 419. MCP MA PROPERTY REIT, LLC (DE) 
 420. MCP MAGNOLIA PARK MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 421. MCP MAIN STREET VILLAGE, LLC (DE) 
 422. MCP MOUNTAIN TECHNOLOGY CENTER MEMBER TRS, LLC (DE) 
 423. MCP NORTHYARDS HOLDCO, LLC (DE) 
 424. MCP NORTHYARDS OWNER, LLC (DE) 
 425. MCP NORTHYARDS MASTER LESSEE, LLC (DE) 
 426. MCP ONE WESTSIDE, LLC (DE) 
 427. MCP ONYX, LLC (DE) 

428. MCP OPTIMIST PARK MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 429. MCP PARAGON POINT, LLC (DE) 
 430. MCP PLAZA AT LEGACY, LLC (DE) 
 431. MCP PROPERTY MANAGEMENT, LLC (DE) 
 432. MCP RANCHERO VILLAGE MHC MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 433. MCP RAUSCH CREEK LOGISTICS CENTER MEMBER I, LLC (DE) 
 434. MCP RAUSCH CREEK LOGISTICS CENTER MEMBER II, LLC (DE) 
 435. MCP SEATTLE GATEWAY INDUSTRIAL I, LLC (DE) 
 436. MCP SEATTLE GATEWAY INDUSTRIAL II, LLC (DE) 
 437. MCP SEVENTH AND OSBORN RETAIL MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 438. MCP SHAKOPEE, LLC (DE) 
 439. MCP SLEEPY HOLLOW MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 440. MCP SOCAL INDUSTRIAL ANAHEIM, LLC (DE) 
 441. MCP SOCAL INDUSTRIAL BERNARDO, LLC (DE) 
 442. MCP SOCAL INDUSTRIAL CANYON, LLC (DE) 
 443. MCP SOCAL INDUSTRIAL CONCOURSE, LLC (DE) 
 444. MCP SOCAL INDUSTRIAL FULLERTON, LLC (DE) 
 445. MCP SOCAL INDUSTRIAL KELLWOOD, LLC (DE) 
 446. MCP SOCAL INDUSTRIAL LAX, LLC (DE) 
 447. MCP SOCAL INDUSTRIAL LOKER, LLC (DE) 
 448. MCP SOCAL INDUSTRIAL REDONDO, LLC (DE) 
 449. MCP SOCAL INDUSTRIAL SPRINGDALE, LLC (DE) 
 450. MCP STATELINE, LLC (DE) 
 451. MCP THE PALMS AT DORAL, LLC (DE) 
 452. MCP TRIMBLE CAMPUS, LLC (DE) 
 453. MCP UNION ROW, LLC (DE) 
 454. MCP VALLEY BOULEVARD INDUSTRIAL MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 455. MCP VALLEY FORGE, LLC (DE) 
 456. MCP VALLEY FORGE ONE LLC (DE) 
 457. MCP VALLEY FORGE OWNER, LLC (DE) 
 458. MCP VALLEY FORGE TWO, LLC (DE) 
 459. MCP VANCE JACKSON, LLC (DE) 
 460. MCP VINEYARD AVENUE MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 461. MCP VOA HOLDINGS, LLC (DE) 
 462. MCP VOA I & III, LLC (DE) 
 463. MCP VOA II, LLC (DE) 
 464. MCP WEST BROAD MARKETPLACE, LLC (DE) 
 465. MCP WEST FORK, LLC (DE) 
 466. MCPF ACQUISITION, LLC (DE) 
 467. MCPF FOXBOROUGH, LLC (DE) 
 468. MCPF NEEDHAM, LLC (DE) 
 469. MEC 83 HAPPY VALLEY MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 470. MEC 7001 ARLINGTON, LLC (DE) 
 471. MEC BURLINGTON WOODS BLOCENTER, LLC (DE) 

472. MEC FILLMORE CHERRY CREEK, LLC (DE) 
 473. MEC HERITAGE CREEKSIDE OWNER, LLC (DE) 
 474. MEC MA PROPERTY REIT, LLC (DE) 
 475. MEC PATRIOT PARK 5 LLC (DE) 
 476. MEC PROPERTY MANAGEMENT, LLC (DE) 
 477. MEC RIVARD ROAD MEMBER, LLC (DE) 
 478. MEC SALT LAKE CITY HOTEL OWNER, LLC (DE) 
 479. MEC SALT LAKE CITY TRS LESSEE, LLC (DE) 
 480. MEC WHITELAND LOGISTICS, LLC (DE) 
 481. METLIFE EMEKLILIK VE HAYAT A.S. (TURKEY) 
 482. METLIFE EMERGING MARKET DEBT BLEND FUND (INSURANCE RATED), L.P. (DE) 
 483. METLIFE, LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY (EGYPT) 
 484. METLIFE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE INCOME FUND, LP (DE) 
 485. METLIFE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE ORIGINATOR, LLC (DE) 
 486. METLIFE COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE REIT, LLC (DE) 
 487. METLIFE CORE PROPERTY FUND, LP (DE) 
 488. METLIFE CORE PROPERTY HOLDINGS, LLC (DE) 
 489. METLIFE CORE PROPERTY REIT, LLC (DE) 
 490. METLIFE CORE PROPERTY, TRS, LLC (DE) 
 491. METLIFE ENHANCED CORE PROPERTY FUND, LP (DE) 
 492. METLIFE ENHANCED CORE PROPERTY HOLDINGS, LLC (DE) 
 493. METLIFE ENHANCED CORE PROPERTY REIT, LLC (DE) 
 494. METLIFE ENHANCED CORE TRS, LLC (DE) 
 495. METLIFE INVESTMENT PRIVATE EQUITY PARTNERS, L.P. (DE) 
 496. METLIFE INVESTMENT PRIVATE EQUITY PARTNERS (FEEDER), L.P. (CAYMAN) 
 497. METLIFE INVESTMENT PRIVATE EQUITY PARTNERS GP, L.P. (DE) 
 498. METLIFE INVESTMENT PRIVATE EQUITY PARTNERS GP, L.P. (DE) 
 499. METLIFE MIDDLE MARKET PRIVATE DEBT FUND, LP (DE) 
 500. METLIFE MIDDLE MARKET PRIVATE DEBT FUND II, LP (DE) 
 501. METLIFE STRATEGIC HOTEL DEBT FUND, LP (DE) 
 502. METLIFE STRATEGIC HOTEL ORIGINATOR, LLC (DE) 
 503. MOUNTAIN TECHNOLOGY CENTER A, LLC (DE) 
 504. MOUNTAIN TECHNOLOGY CENTER B, LLC (DE) 
 505. MOUNTAIN TECHNOLOGY CENTER C, LLC (DE) 
 506. MOUNTAIN TECHNOLOGY CENTER D, LLC (DE) 
 507. MOUNTAIN TECHNOLOGY CENTER E, LLC (DE) 
 508. MOUNTAIN TECHNOLOGY CENTER VENTURE, LLC (DE) 
 509. MSHDF HOLDCO I, LLC (DE) 
 510. MTC FUND I, LLC (DE) 
 511. MTC FUND II, LLC (DE) 
 512. MTC FUND III, LLC (DE) 
 513. PNB METLIFE INDIA INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED (INDIA) 
 514. SINO-US UNITED METLIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (CHINA) 
 515. VINEYARD AVENUE INDUSTRIAL, LLC (DE) 

516. VINEYARD AVENUE INDUSTRIAL VENTURE, LLC (DE) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 mlinc-12312022xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-268442 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-214710, 333-198145, 333-198143, 333-198141, 333-170879, 333-162927, 333-139384, 333-139383, 333-139382, 333-139380, 333-121343, 333-121342, 333-102306, 333-101291 and 333-59134 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements of MetLife, Inc. and the effectiveness of MetLife, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MetLife, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 mlinc-12312022xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Michel A. Khalaf, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MetLife, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 
 s Michel A. Khalaf Michel A. Khalaf President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 mlinc-12312022xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, John D. McCallion, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MetLife, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 23, 2023 
 s John D. McCallion John D. McCallion Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 mlinc-12312022xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED 
 STATES CODE 
 I, Michel A. Khalaf, certify that (i) MetLife, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of MetLife, Inc. 
 Date February 23, 2023 
 s Michel A. Khalaf Michel A. Khalaf President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 mlinc-12312022xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED 
 STATES CODE 
 I, John D. McCallion, certify that (i) MetLife, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of MetLife, Inc. 
 Date February 23, 2023 
 s John D. McCallion John D. McCallion Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 met-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 met-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 met-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 met-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 met-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

