<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1846975_0001829126-23-002435.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5036213</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>502871</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>851885</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1591704</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>932782</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1018006</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002435.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330172455
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002435
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001846975
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40980
		FILM NUMBER:		23781870

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 309, UGLAND HOUSE
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(345) 949-8066

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 309, UGLAND HOUSE
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002435.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 sdcledge_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

To 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

,
 , 
 ,

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): No 

The
aggregate market value of the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed
affiliates of the Registrant, computed as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter), was approximately . 

As of March 29, 2023, the Registrant had 
Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

SDCL
EDGE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

FORM 10-K
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I. 

1 

Item 1. 
 Business. 

Item 1.A. 
 Risk
 Factors. 
 
 8 

Item 1.B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 
 
 52 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 
 52 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 52 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 52 

PART II. 

53 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 53 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 
 56 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
 Results of Operations. 
 
 57 

Item 7.A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 
 
 63 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
 Disclosure. 
 
 64 

Item 9.A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 
 
 64 

Item 9.B. 
 Other
 Information. 
 
 65 

Item 9.C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection. 
 
 65 

PART III. 

66 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 66 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 
 76 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Related Shareholder Matters. 
 
 77 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 79 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 82 

PART IV. 

83 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 83 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 84 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without
limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. These statements
constitute projections, forecasts and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, 
 expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, 
 predict, project, should, will, would and similar expressions may
identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning
future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those
that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control)
or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other
factors: 

our
 being a company with no operating history and no operating revenues; 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial Business Combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial Business
 Combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial Business Combination; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential Business Combination opportunities; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

our
 ability to consummate an initial Business Combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and other events
 (such as terrorist attacks, global hostilities, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases); 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate potential Business Combination opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

ii 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance; 

the
 Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our
 financial performance; and 

the
 other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

iii 

PART
I. 

References
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report to we, us, our or
the Company are to SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation, a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company.
References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to
the Sponsor refer to SDCL EDGE Sponsor LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. References to our initial
shareholders refer to our Sponsor, the Anchor Investors and any other holders of our shares prior to the Initial Public Offering. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on February 16, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses or entities Business
Combination ). While we may pursue an initial Business Combination target in any industry or geographic location, we intend to
pursue opportunities created by the rapid shift towards energy efficient and decentralized energy solutions for a lower carbon economy
and, in particular, for the built environment and transport sectors. Our sponsor, SDCL EDGE Sponsor LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability
company Sponsor ), is an affiliate of Sustainable Development Capital LLP SDCL ), a London-based investment
firm with a strong track record of investments in energy efficient solutions. 

The
registration statement for our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on
October 28, 2021. On November 2, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 17,500,000 units (the
 Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ),
at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 175,000,000, and incurring offering costs of approximately 28.2 million,
inclusive of approximately 6.1 million in deferred underwriting commissions, which were later waived in full by Goldman Sachs 
Co. LLC Securities, Inc., and BofA Securities, Inc., the underwriters. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 8,250,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement (the Private Placement to our Sponsor, Sustainable
Investors Fund, LP Capricorn ), and Seaside Holdings (Nominee) Limited Seaside and, together with Capricorn,
the A Anchor Investors generating gross proceeds of 8,250,000. 

We
had granted the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering (the Underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,625,000
additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On November 16, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment
option and purchased an additional 2,495,246 Units (the Over-Allotment Units ), generating gross proceeds of 24,952,460,
and incurred 499,049 in cash offering costs. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of 748,574 warrants (the Over-Allotment
Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant in a Private Placement to our Sponsor and the A Anchor Investors generating
gross proceeds of 748,574. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, and the
sale of the Over-Allotment Warrants, an amount of 201,951,985 10.10 per Unit) was placed in a Trust Account (the Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations
with maturities of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations,
until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly tendered
in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of the Public Shares if we do not complete the initial Business Combination within 24 months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; and (iii) absent an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of
the Initial Public Offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business
Combination activity, the return of the funds held in the Trust Account to the public shareholders as part of the redemption of the Public
Shares. 

1 

Our
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that we will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. We must complete
a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the
time of the agreement to enter into an initial Business Combination. We will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the Investment Company Act ). Our management has agreed that an amount equal to at least 10.10 per Unit sold in
the Initial Public Offering, including the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, will be held in a Trust Account,
located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities with maturities of 185 days or less or in money market funds
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the
completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account. 

We
intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the
Private Placement Warrants, shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target,
or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We have not engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we complete
a Business Combination, and we have not generated any operating revenue to date. All activity for the period from February 16, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation, the preparation for the Initial Public Offering, and following the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. Based on our business activities,
we are a shell company as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a
Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means
of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will
be made by us, in our sole discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion
of the amount held in the Trust Account 10.10 per share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business
Combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our
tax obligations. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to our warrants. The Class
A ordinary shares are recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering,
in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). 

Unless we seek an extension through shareholder approval, we have until 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period to complete a Business Combination.
If we are unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject,
in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. 

2 

Effecting
a Business Combination 

Our
Business Strategy 

Our
business strategy is to identify, acquire and maximize the value of a company operating in one of the subsectors outlined in the following
section, titled Market Opportunity , with the ultimate aim to create substantial long-term value for our shareholders. We
will seek targets with industry leading capabilities delivering energy efficiency or distributed energy solutions that can benefit from
our management s and board s experience as well as access to the public markets. Targets are expected to have a solid revenue
and EBITDA track record and exciting growth prospects derived from delivering solutions, applying technology and/or entering new markets.
We will focus on profitability and growth, versus taking substantial technology and commercialization risks. We will focus on enduring
business models that do not require re-invention and that can scale. 

There
has been an active M A market in the energy efficiency, decentralized generation and clean energy for low carbon transport infrastructure
industries in recent years. These transactions, however, have primarily taken place in the private capital market, dominated by private
equity, including SDCL, which has played a significant role. In the near future therefore, we expect many companies will go public. We
see a rapidly growing market opportunity with profitable private companies that can accelerate growth further via the public capital
markets. Based on our initial assessment, we have identified a large number of targets including profitable private companies and potential
corporate carve outs within our target EBITDA range. 

Our
Advisor and management team will leverage their wide-reaching industry networks to source proprietary Business Combination opportunities
that align with our Acquisition Criteria. We believe the networks our Advisor and management have built up since entering the industry
in 2007, in combination with our management s and board s industry expertise, will allow us to effectively and efficiently
identify and evaluate potential opportunities for our initial Business Combination. 

We
will seek to: 

Be
a leader in a market transitioning from commodity products to energy solutions; 

Capitalize
on the rapidly growing energy efficiency, decentralized energy sectors and clean energy for low carbon transport infrastructure; 

Identify
attractive Business Combination opportunities in an industry that is often overlooked; 

Actively
support the management of the target company; and 

Create
substantial long-term value for our shareholders. 

Market
Opportunity 

Regulatory
change and government support provide an attractive investment environment. Significant government policy tailwinds and stimulus packages
in our key target markets provide substantial support for our proposed investment strategy, in particular since EU and US policy focus
has pivoted from the supply to the demand side. For example, the EU New Green Deal promises a renovation wave with investments of 85-90
billion per year into public buildings and homes, and 15 billion per year to reach the target of one million electric vehicle
charge points. In the United States, the U.S. presidential administration s publicly indicated commitment for the environment has
promised 2 trillion over the next four years, a return to the Paris Climate Agreement and upgrading four million public buildings to
make them more energy efficient. 

Nearly
60 of global carbon emissions and energy demand come from buildings, industry and transport. These cover a broad set of subsectors,
and our investment focus will be on sustainable and lower carbon solutions for the built environment or transport sectors, according
to BloombergNEF. In particular, we have identified three subsectors that we find particularly attractive: Energy Efficiency, Decentralized
Energy and Clean Energy for Low Carbon Transport Infrastructure. A substantial and rapidly growing marketplace has emerged for solutions
in these subsectors, providing us with attractive growth sectors in which to invest. 

3 

Energy
Efficiency 

Overall,
demand for energy in residential and commercial buildings is projected to grow 42 by 2050 , according to BloombergNEF. Energy
demand for cooling will more than double by 2050 and electricity usage will increase by 60 to make up a third of energy consumed in
buildings by 2050. The increase in energy usage in the built environment in Europe and the US is mainly driven by higher demand from
commercial buildings, which will increase 45 until 2050, according to BloombergNEF. 

Decentralized
Energy 

Customers
around the world are expected to host 2.2TW of solar installations by 2050, accounting for 13 of global power capacity, equivalent to
1TWh of global customer-sited storage capacity. The decision to invest in small-scale solar is often taken by households and businesses
that look to reduce their electricity bill. It is expected that small-scale storage will follow a similar adoption pattern once batteries
become cost-efficient, according to BloombergNEF. 

Decentralization
of power generation is especially visible in Europe, where, by 2050, 67 of power generated will be injected into the distribution grid
directly (versus only 24 today) and the median power-plant size will fall from 562MW to 32MW. In the US, decentralized power will represent
33 of total electricity generation, according to BloombergNEF. 

Clean
Energy for Low Carbon Transport Infrastructure 

Demand
for passenger mobility is expected to double by 2050, while freight volume grows 37 . By 2050, transportation will be a third less energy
intensive than at present, driven by lighter, fuel efficient vehicles, while rapid electrification results in 60 improved energy efficiency.
The main driver of the transition and energy efficiency in the transport sector is electrification, which will be most prevalent in road
and rail transport. In Europe and the US electric vehicles will dominate the passenger-car fleet and reach 56 -80 penetration by 2050.
Electrification of freight is somewhat slower, especially for heavy-duty vehicles. That being said, by 2050 it is expected that over
33 of freight kilometers will be electric. Sufficient and high-quality charging infrastructure will be the driving force in this transition.
At the same time, to ensure a reduction in emissions of long-haul trucking, biofuels, green gas and hydrogen will see further growth
and deployment. All of these statistics are sourced from BloombergNEF. 

Business
Combination Criteria 

So
long as our securities are then listed on the NYSE, our initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that
together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account (if any)) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in
connection with our initial Business Combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value
of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., or FINRA, or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such
criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value
of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if our board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s
business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such
company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis
or other specialized skills and our board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis.
Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold,
unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it
is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any
proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. 

4 

We
anticipate structuring our initial Business Combination so that the post-Business Combination company in which our public shareholders
own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure
our initial Business Combination such that the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or
assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more
of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in
the post-Business Combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Business Combination. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock,
shares or other equity interests of a target business, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third parties in connection with
financing our initial Business Combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial Business Combination could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial Business Combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-Business Combination company, the portion of such business
or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the Business Combination
involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses.
If our securities are not then listed on the NYSE for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net
asset test. 

To
the extent we effect our initial Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial Business Combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds\ we can use to complete another Business Combination. 

Acquisition
Criteria 

Consistent
with our Business Strategy, we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are critical to evaluating prospective
companies within our targeted sub-sectors. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating business opportunities, but we may
decide to enter into our initial Business Combination with a company that does not meet all of these criteria and guidelines and may
consider criteria and guidelines not set forth below. 

The
target would be a business with a solid revenue and EBITDA track record and exciting growth prospects derived from delivering solutions,
applying technology and/or entering new markets. We intend to acquire a business or an entity with consideration against the following
characteristics: 

Sustainable
 and lower carbon solution provider in the relevant sub-sectors competitively positioned to capitalize on the fundamental shift in
 sentiment that is driving the energy transition; 

Current
 and/or prospective leader with differentiated product/service, cost structure and business model; 

Profitable
 growth company with EBITDA within target range of approximately 100 million to 300 million that exhibits fundamentally sound financial
 performance; 

5 

Visibility
 into revenue and cash flow generation with substantial compound annual growth rate in contracted revenue and EBITDA; 

Enterprise
 value of 1 billion to 5 billion; 

Geographical
 footprint in North America and/or in Europe; 

Ability
 to benefit from our management s unique and unparalleled expertise in the sector; 

Strength
 of incumbent management and their fundamental motivations, long-term objectives and core organizational values that represent best
 practices across the energy transition spectrum; and 

Ability
 to benefit from access to the public equity market. 

These
criteria and guidelines are indicative and not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular
initial Business Combination may or may not be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as
other considerations, factors, criteria and guidelines that our management may deem relevant. For the avoidance of doubt, a
particular Business Combination may be deemed appropriate even if it does not meet all of the above criteria. 

Acquisition
Process 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review that may encompass, as applicable and
among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection
of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management
team s operational and capital planning experience. 

Each
of our directors and officers, directly or indirectly, own Founder Shares and/or Private Placement Warrants and, accordingly, may have
a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial
Business Combination. Further, such officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business
Combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any
agreement with respect to our initial Business Combination. 

Certain
of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to
such entity subject to his or her fiduciary duties. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination
opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to
such officer s and director s fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities
decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially
affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law; (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except
to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities
or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in,
any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the
other. 

Our
Advisor, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts
of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and
monitoring the related due diligence. 

6 

Other
Considerations 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, Advisor, officers
or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or
any of our Advisor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such initial Business Combination is fair to our Company
from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

We currently do not have any specific Business Combination under consideration.
Our officers and directors have not had any substantive discussions regarding possible target businesses among themselves or with our
underwriters or other advisors. Our management team is regularly made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which
we may desire to pursue for a Business Combination, but we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf) had any substantive discussions, formal
or otherwise, with respect to a Business Combination transaction with our Company. Additionally, we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf,
taken any substantive measure, directly or indirectly, to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate for us, nor have we engaged
or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any such acquisition candidate. 

In
addition, certain of our Advisor, officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary
and contractual duties to other entities. SDCL as well as its or our directors and officers also may become aware of business opportunities
which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties, including
SDCL, SDCL Funds, our Sponsor, their affiliates, or to certain other companies in which they or the foregoing persons have invested or
which they have advised, including companies in industries we may target for our initial Business Combination. Accordingly, they may
have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may
not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject
to his or her fiduciary duties. As a result, if any of our Advisor, officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity
that is suitable for an entity to which he, she or it has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary
duties under Cayman Islands law, he, she or it will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Business
Combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity,
we may be precluded from pursuing the same. 

Moreover,
SDCL directly or indirectly advises a significant number of SDCL Funds, portfolio companies and their affiliates that may compete with
us for acquisition opportunities, and if pursued by them we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. Investment ideas generated
within SDCL may be suitable for both us and for current or future SDCL Funds and may be directed to such SDCL Funds rather than to us.
Such opportunities may outperform any businesses we acquire. Neither SDCL nor members of our management team who are also employed by
or serve as directors of SDCL or SDCL Funds or their affiliates have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential
Business Combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as an officer of the Company. 

However,
we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provide that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a
director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly
or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy
in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for
any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

7 

Our
directors and officers may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we
are seeking an initial Business Combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition
target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. However, we do not currently expect that any such other
blank check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. In addition, our Advisor, officers
and directors, are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest
in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring
the related due diligence. 

Competition 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing
for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check
companies looking for Business Combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many of these blank check companies are
sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing Business Combinations. While we believe there are numerous
target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our
available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain
target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our Public Shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the
time of our initial Business Combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware
that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business Combination. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the
required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Human
Capital 

We
currently have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but
they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial Business Combination.
The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on the status of the proposed Business Combination and, if the
proposed Business Combination is not consummated, whether a different target business has been selected for our initial Business Combination
and the stage of the Business Combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion
of our initial Business Combination. 

Item 1.A.
Risk Factors. 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes, before making a decision
to invest in our Units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially
adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of,
or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating result. 

8 

Risk
Factors Summary 

The
following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. 

Risks
Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

Our
 shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial Business Combination, which means we may complete
 our initial Business Combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

Your
 only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to the exercise of your
 right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, members of our management team, and the Anchor Investors,
 have agreed to vote in favor of such initial Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business
 Combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to
 complete the most desirable Business Combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the
 probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order
 to redeem your shares. 

The
 requirement that we consummate an initial Business Combination within twenty-four months after the closing of the Initial Public
 Offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination and may limit the time we have
 in which to conduct due diligence on potential Business Combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline,
 which could undermine our ability to complete our initial Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Our
 search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially
 adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

Global
 or regional conditions may adversely affect our business and our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate
 our initial Business Combination. 

We
 may not be able to consummate an initial Business Combination within twenty-four months after the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
 in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate,
 in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our
 warrants will expire worthless. 

9 

Risks
Relating to our Securities 

The
 securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the
 value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.10
 per share. 

If
 we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance
 requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
 and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will
 lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

The
 NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our
 securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

The
 nominal purchase price paid by our Sponsor and the Anchor Investors for the Founder Shares may result in significant dilution to
 the implied value of your Public Shares upon the consummation of our initial Business Combination. 

Risks
Relating to our Advisor and Management Team 

Our
 ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the
 efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial Business Combination. The loss of key personnel could
 negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
 key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination,
 and a particular Business Combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements
 may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
 of interest in determining whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous. 

The
 officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The loss of a
 Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
 business. 

Our
 executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination
 as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our
 initial Business Combination. 

Our
 officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to
 other entities, including another SDCL or blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to
 which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

10 

Risks
Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries 

If
 we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we
 may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial Business Combination, and if
 we effect such initial Business Combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our
 operations. 

If
 our management following our initial Business Combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend
 time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

After
 our initial Business Combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our
 revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject,
 to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in
 the country in which we operate. 

Exchange
 rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be
 diminished. 

We
 may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial Business Combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction
 may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

Risks
Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

Our
shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial Business Combination, which means we may complete our
initial Business Combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial Business Combination if the Business Combination would not require
shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target
business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder
approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision
as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to
us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the
transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete
our initial Business Combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the Business
Combination we complete. 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

Since
our board of directors may complete a Business Combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the
right or opportunity to vote on the Business Combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder
approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to exercising
your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least twenty (20) business days) set forth in our tender offer documents
mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial Business Combination. 

11 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, members of our management team, and the Anchor Investors,
have agreed to vote in favor of such initial Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Our
initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares, excluding purchases in the Initial Public
Offering pursuant to any indications of interest. Our Sponsor, members of our management team and Anchor Investors also may from time
to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial Business Combination only if a majority of
the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at a shareholder meeting, are voted
in favor of the Business Combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders Founder Shares, we would need 7,498,218,
or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 1,249,703, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing
a quorum are voted), of the 19,995,246 Public Shares sold to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have our
initial Business Combination approved. In addition, in the event the A Anchor Investors vote all the 4,000,000 Class A ordinary shares
underlying the 4,000,000 Units acquired in the Initial Public Offering in favor of our initial Business Combination, then we would need
only 2,919,306 Class A ordinary shares in addition to the A Anchor Investors Class A ordinary shares, or 14.6 of the 19,995,246
Public Shares sold to be voted in favor of our initial Business Combination in order to have our initial Business Combination approved
(assuming all outstanding shares are voted). In the event that both the A Anchor Investors and B Anchor Investors vote their underlying
Class A ordinary shares in favor of our initial Business Combination, then we would not require any of the other Public Shares sold to
be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have our initial Business Combination approved. Our Sponsor, each member
of our management team, and each A Anchor Investors, have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and Public Shares in favor of our initial
Business Combination. The B Anchor Investors have agreed to vote their Founder Shares in favor of our initial Business Combination. Accordingly,
if we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, the agreement by our Sponsor, each member of our management team,
and the Anchor Investors, to vote in favor of our initial Business Combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the
requisite shareholder approval for such initial Business Combination. In the event that the Anchor Investors vote their underlying Class
A ordinary shares in favor of our initial Business Combination, then we would need 2,919,306 or 14.6 (assuming all issued and outstanding
shares are voted) of the 19,995,246 Public Shares sold or none of the 19,995,246 Public Shares sold (assuming only the minimum number
of shares representing a quorum are voted) to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have our initial Business
Combination approved. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business
Combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a Business Combination transaction agreement
with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many
public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not
be able to proceed with the Business Combination. Furthermore, we may be required to not redeem our Public Shares in an amount that would
cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules or in order to satisfy a minimum cash or maximum redemption requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial
Business Combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause us to not satisfy a closing condition
as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related Business Combination and may instead search for an alternate
Business Combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a Business Combination
transaction with us. 

12 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable Business Combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial Business Combination,
we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based
on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption,
we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for additional third-party
financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher
than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable Business Combination available to
us or optimize our capital structure. 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If
our initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial Business Combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust
Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the
open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either
situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption
until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The
requirement that we consummate an initial Business Combination within twenty-four months after the closing of the Initial Public Offering
may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to
conduct due diligence on potential Business Combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine
our ability to complete our initial Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a Business Combination will be aware that we must consummate
an initial Business Combination within twenty-four (24) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Consequently, such target
business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial Business Combination
with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination with any target business. This risk
will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and
may enter into our initial Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

In
July 2021, the SEC charged a Special Purpose Acquisition Company (a SPAC for misleading disclosures, which could
have been corrected with more adequate due diligence, and obtained substantial relief against the SPAC and its sponsor. Although we will
invest in due diligence efforts and commit management time and resources to such efforts, there can be no assurance that our due diligence
will unveil all potential issues with a target business and that we or our Sponsor will not become subject to regulatory actions related
to such efforts. 

13 

Our
search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely
affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a Business
Combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination if continued
concerns relating to COVID-19 or other events restrict travel or limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors, or the
target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely
manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a Business Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly
uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 variants and the actions
to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern (such
as terrorist attacks, global hostilities, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for a prolonged
period of time, our ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate
a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted
by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, global hostilities, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious
diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility and decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable
on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Finally,
the COVID-19 pandemic may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section,
such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 

Global
or regional conditions may adversely affect our business and our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate
our initial Business Combination. 

Adverse
changes in global or regional economic conditions periodically occur, including recession or slowing growth, changes, or uncertainty
in fiscal, monetary or trade policy, higher interest rates, tighter credit, inflation, lower capital expenditures by businesses, increases
in unemployment and lower consumer confidence and spending. Adverse changes in economic conditions can harm global business and adversely
affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial Business Combination. Such adverse changes
could result from geopolitical and security issues, such as armed conflict and civil or military unrest, political instability, human
rights concerns and terrorist activity, catastrophic events such as natural disasters and public health issues (including the COVID-19
pandemic), supply chain interruptions, new or revised export, import or doing-business regulations, including trade sanctions and tariffs
or other global or regional occurrences. 

In
particular, in response to Russia s invasion of Ukraine, the United States, the European Union, and several other countries are
imposing far-reaching sanctions and export control restrictions on Russian entities and individuals. This rising conflict and the resulting
market volatility could adversely affect global economic, political and market conditions. Additionally, tensions between the United
States and China have led to increased tariffs and trade restrictions. The United States has imposed economic sanctions on certain Chinese
individuals and entities and restrictions on the export of U.S.-regulated products and technology to certain Chinese technology companies.
These and other global and regional conditions may adversely impact our business and our ability to find an attractive target businesses
with which to consummate our initial Business Combination. 

14 

We
may not be able to consummate an initial Business Combination within twenty-four months after the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate,
in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

We
may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial Business Combination within 24 months after the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. Our ability to complete our initial Business Combination may be negatively impacted by general market
conditions, volatility in the equity and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues
both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could
limit our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market
liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively
impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial Business Combination within such applicable time period,
we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes,
if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under
Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination,
we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive
only 10.10 per public share, or less than 10.10 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless.
See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share
redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.10 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates
may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed Business Combination and reduce the public
 float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors
or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to
or following the completion of our initial Business Combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no
current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions.
None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. 

In
the event that our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the Business
Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the Business Combination, (2) reduce the number
of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with
our initial Business Combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial Business Combination that may
not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares
or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will
be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting
requirements. 

15 

If
a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial Business
Combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or
tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination
will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender Public Shares. In the event that
a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate
your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of
an initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected
to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly tendered in connection with
a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of
our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial
Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within twenty-four
(24) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our Public Shares if we have not consummated an initial business within twenty-four
(24) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders
who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall
not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation if we
have not consummated an initial Business Combination within twenty-four (24) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest
of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect
to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares or warrants, potentially at
a loss. 

You
are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

We
are exempt from certain rules promulgated by the SEC related to certain blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors
are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete
our initial Business Combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Initial Public Offering was subject to
Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until
the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial Business Combination. 

16 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial Business Combination. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust
Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing
for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check
companies looking for Business Combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many of these blank check companies are
sponsored by entities or persons that have a significant experience with completing Business Combinations. While we believe there are
numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited
by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain
target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we are obligated to
offer holders of our Public Shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial Business Combination in conjunction
with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination.
Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination. Any of these
obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business Combination. If we have not consummated
our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public
share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See Risk
Factors If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption
amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other risk factors herein. 

The
warrants are accounted for as liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported
in profit or loss, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities or may make it more difficult for the Company
to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

We
account for both the public and Private Placement Warrants as derivative liabilities. At each reporting period and upon certain events
that may impact the price of the instruments (such as the initial Business Combination), (i) the warrants may no longer be recognized
as liabilities if and when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged or cancelled or expires, and (ii) the fair value of
the warrants will be remeasured and the change in the fair value will be recorded as a net gain or loss in the statement of comprehensive
income. In the absence of a quoted market price for the warrants we may use a valuation model to estimate fair value. The share price
of the Class A ordinary shares represents a significant input that impacts the fair value of the warrants and all else being equal, as
the price of Class A ordinary shares increase the amount of the warrant liability will increase. Additional factors that will impact
the valuation model include volatility, discount rates and stated interest rates. As a result, the statement of financial position and
the profit or loss in the statement of comprehensive income will fluctuate, based on various factors, such as the share price of the
Class A ordinary shares, many of which are outside of our control. In addition, we may change the underlying assumptions used in the
valuation model, which could result in significant fluctuations in our profit or loss. If the Class A ordinary share price is volatile,
we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on the warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or
losses could be material. The impact of changes in fair value on profit or loss may have an adverse effect on the market price of the
Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential target companies or businesses may seek to complete a Business Combination with a special
purpose acquisition company that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a liability, which may make it more difficult for us
to consummate an initial Business Combination with a target company or business. 

17 

Subsequent
to our completion of our initial Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our
securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify
all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount
of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these
factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that
could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and
previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be
non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to
negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other
covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining
post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the Business Combination could
suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.10 per public share. 

Our
placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers (except for our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute
such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent
inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver,
in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If
any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform
an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver
if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other
consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a
waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result
of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for
any reason. Upon redemption of our Public Shares, if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination within twenty-four (24)
months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial
Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought
against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders
could be less than the 10.10 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the
letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the IPO registration statement, our Sponsor agreed that it will be
liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or
products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the
amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in
the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.10 per public share due to reductions in
the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such
liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights
to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public
Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our Sponsor will
not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

However,
we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor
has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully
made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than
 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser
amount per share in connection with any redemption of your Public Shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims
by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

18 

Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in
the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.10 per public share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations,
and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular
claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations.
While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary
duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations,
the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.10 per public
share. 

We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We
have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have
agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against
the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the Trust Account due to their ownership
of Public Shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds
outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial Business Combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors
may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an
action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such
proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as a voidable performance either as a preferential transfer 
or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received
by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or
having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust
Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority
over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with
priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that
would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation would be reduced. 

19 

Our
shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

If
we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment
if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad
faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and
officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were
unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine
of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

We
may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination. 

In
accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold a general meeting until one year after our first
fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or
amended from time to time, the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to elect directors.
Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to elect directors and to discuss company
affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each
year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first general meeting) serving a three-year term. As holders of
our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to consummation
of our initial Business Combination. In addition, holders of a majority of our Founder Shares may remove a member of our board of directors
for any reason. 

Because
we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry, sector or geographic area nor any specific target businesses
with which to pursue our initial Business Combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations. 

We
may pursue Business Combination opportunities with an operating company of any size (subject to our satisfaction of the 80 of net assets
test) and in any industry, sector or geographic area, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial Business Combination solely with another blank check company or similar company
with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a Business Combination,
there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations,
cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination, we may be affected
by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business
or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations
of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or
that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us
with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you
that an investment in our Units, ordinary shares or warrants will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity
were available, in a Business Combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the Business
Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value. 

20 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors that may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We
will consider a Business Combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a Business Combination target is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular Business Combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Units, ordinary shares or warrants will not ultimately prove to
be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a Business Combination target. In the event
we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not
be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding
of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following our initial Business Combination could suffer
a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and, as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial Business Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
Business Combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a
combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business
Combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their
redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law
or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult
for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and
guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may
receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our
warrants will expire worthless. 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion regarding fairness from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and, consequently,
you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a
financial point of view. 

Unless
we complete our initial Business Combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
accounting firm or independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders
from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors,
who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed
in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial Business Combination. 

21 

We may engage the underwriters from our Initial Public Offering or
any of their affiliates to provide additional services to us. These financial incentives may cause the underwriters to have potential
conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the Initial Public Offering. 

We may engage the underwriters from our Initial Public Offering or
any of their affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial
advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay the underwriters or any of
their affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation.
The fact that the underwriters or any of their affiliates financial interests are tied to the consummation of a business combination
transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts
of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial Business Combination. 

Any
due diligence in connection with an initial Business Combination may not reveal all relevant considerations or liabilities of a target
business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The
due diligence undertaken with respect to a potential initial Business Combination may not reveal all relevant facts that may be necessary
to evaluate such transaction or to formulate a business strategy. Furthermore, the information provided during due diligence may not
be adequate or accurate. As part of the due diligence process, we will also make subjective judgments regarding the results of operations,
financial condition and prospects of a potential initial Business Combination, and these judgments may be inaccurate. 

Due
diligence conducted in connection with an initial Business Combination may not result in the initial Business Combination being successful.
If the due diligence investigation fails to identify material information regarding an opportunity, or if we consider such material risks
to be commercially acceptable relative to the opportunity, and we proceed with an initial Business Combination, our company may subsequently
incur substantial impairment charges or other losses. 

In
addition, following an initial Business Combination, we may be subject to significant, previously undisclosed liabilities of the acquired
business that were not identified during due diligence and which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

Because
we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial Business Combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a Business Combination meeting certain financial significance
tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement
disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial
statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board,
or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit
the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to
disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time
frame. 

22 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period,
our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the
proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we
may fail to complete our initial Business Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred that could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust
Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a Business Combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging
growth company, will we not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our
internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our
initial Business Combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal
controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the
time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
our initial Business Combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that we may
be required to not redeem our Public Shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 so that
we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules or in order to satisfy a minimum cash or maximum redemption
requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial Business Combination. As a result, we may be able to complete
our initial Business Combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and
have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions in
connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements
to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration
we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy
cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceeds the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will
not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to
the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 

23 

In
order to effectuate an initial Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters
and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete
our initial Business Combination that our shareholders may not support. 

In
order to effectuate a Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters
and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of Business
Combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial Business Combination and, with respect to their
warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman
Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of
the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the public warrants and, solely with
respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the
Private Placement Warrants, 65 of the number of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. In addition, our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares
for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within
twenty-four (24) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights
of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of
any of the securities offered through the Initial Public Offering, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the
affected securities. 

The
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-Business Combination activity (and
corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of
a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at
a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier
for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial
Business Combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some
other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those
which relate to a company s pre-Business Combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s
shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s
shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to pre-Business
Combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement of warrants
into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders
as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of
funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial
Business Combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend
and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our Sponsor
and its permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our Class A ordinary shares,
will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will
have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-Business Combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies,
and this may increase our ability to complete a Business Combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies
against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

24 

Our
Sponsor, the A Anchor Investors, our executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not
propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial
Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within twenty-four
(24) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any,
divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these
agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, executive officers or directors for any
breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action,
subject to applicable law. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular Business Combination. If we have not consummated our initial Business
Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less
in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants available to us prove to be insufficient,
either because of the size of our initial Business Combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business,
the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial
Business Combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial Business Combination,
we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed Business Combination. We cannot assure you that such financing
will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition
financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial Business Combination,
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative target
business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders
may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and
our warrants will expire worthless. 

In
addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination, we may require such financing to
fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect
on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide
any financing to us in connection with or after our initial Business Combination. 

We
may seek Business Combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which
could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We
may seek Business Combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements.
While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements,
the Business Combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To
the extent we complete our initial Business Combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we
may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent
us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our Business
Combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated,
we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and
leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business.
Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

25 

Due
to the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets, there may be more competition to find an attractive target
for an initial Business Combination. This could increase the costs associated with completing our initial Business Combination and may
result in our inability to find a suitable target or to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial Business Combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial Business Combination, as well as many special acquisition companies currently
in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources
to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial Business Combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, equity market valuations, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close Business
Combinations or operate targets post-Business Combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate
our ability to find and consummate an initial Business Combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial Business
Combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial Business
Combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary
to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly,
any holders who choose to retain their securities following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a Business Combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

We
may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial Business Combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur
any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies
held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account.
Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt
 obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
 that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing
 while the debt is outstanding; 

26 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
 on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
 and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution
 of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
may only be able to complete one Business Combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business that may have a limited number of products or services. This
lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We
may effectuate our initial Business Combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within
a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial Business Combination with more than one target business
because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous financial, economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our
operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities that may have the resources
to complete several Business Combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects
for our success may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous financial, economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have
a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial Business Combination. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete Business Combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial Business Combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other Business Combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial Business Combination. With multiple Business Combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
(if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively
impact our profitability and results of operations. 

27 

We
may attempt to complete our initial Business Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little
public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential
initial Business Combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not
as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

Risks
Relating to our Securities 

The
securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value
of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.10 per share. 

The
proceeds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less
or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct
U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest,
they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero
in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt
similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination or make certain amendments
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share
of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to
complete our initial Business Combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in
trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.10 per share. Negative interest
rates could also reduce the amount of funds we have available to complete our initial Business Combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities, 

each
 of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

28 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete
a Business Combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses
or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive
investor. 

We
do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held
in the Trust Account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust
agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these
instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and
selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company 
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Our securities are not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments
in government securities or investment securities. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to
occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly tendered in
connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within
twenty-four (24) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights
of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing an initial Business Combination within twenty-four (24) months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public shareholders as part
of our redemption of the Public Shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment
Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would
require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a Business Combination. If we
have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.10 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose
the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares . 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business
Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect
to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, 
without our prior consent. However, we do not restrict our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess
Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our
ability to complete our initial Business Combination, and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess
Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if
we complete our initial Business Combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in
order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

29 

The
NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

We
cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on the NYSE. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE
prior to our initial Business Combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must
maintain a minimum market capitalization (generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public
holders). 

Additionally,
our Units will not be traded after completion of our initial Business Combination and, in connection with our initial Business Combination,
we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the applicable exchange s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous
than continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities. 

For
instance, in order for our shares to be listed upon the consummation of our Business Combination, at such time our share price would
generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our total market capitalization would be required to be at least 200.0 million,
the aggregate market value of publicly held shares would be required to be at least 100.0 million and we would be required to have at
least 400 round lot shareholders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those listing requirements at that time. 

If
any of our securities are delisted from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A
 ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading
 market for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or pre-empts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
currently qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are pre-empted from regulating the sale of covered securities,
the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent
activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state
having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho,
certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers,
to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities
would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities,
which may negatively impact our ability to consummate our Initial Business Combination. 

30 

The
nominal purchase price paid by our Sponsor and the Anchor Investors for the Founder Shares may result in significant dilution to the
implied value of your Public Shares upon the consummation of our initial Business Combination. 

Our
Units were sold in the Initial Public Offering at a price of 10.00 per unit and the amount in our Trust Account was 10.10 per public
share, implying an initial value of 10.10 per public share. However, prior to the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor and the Anchor
Investors paid a nominal aggregate purchase price of 25,000 for the Founder Shares, or approximately 0.005 per share. As a result,
the value of your Public Shares may be significantly diluted upon the consummation of our initial Business Combination, when the Founder
Shares are converted into Public Shares. For example, the following table shows the dilutive effect of the Founder Shares on the implied
value of the Public Shares upon the consummation of our initial Business Combination assuming that our equity value at that time is 201,951,985,
which is the amount we would have for our initial Business Combination in the Trust Account, no interest is earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account, and no Public Shares are redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination, and without taking into
account any other potential impacts on our valuation at such time, such as the trading price of our Public Shares, the Business Combination
transaction costs, any equity issued or cash paid to the target s
sellers or other third parties, or the target s business itself, including its assets, liabilities, management and prospects, as
well as the value of our public and private warrants. At such valuation, each of our ordinary shares would have an implied value of 8.08
per share upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, which is a 20 decrease as compared to the initial implied value per
public share of 10.10. 

Public
 Shares 
 19,995,246 
 
 Founder
 Shares 
 4,998,811 
 
 Total
 shares 
 24,994,057 
 
 Total
 funds in trust available for initial Business Combination 
 201,951,985 
 
 Initial
 implied value per public share 
 10.10 
 
 Implied
 value per share upon consummation of initial Business Combination 
 8.08 

Note
that redemptions of our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination would further reduce the implied value of our
ordinary shares. For instance, in the example above, if 50 of the Public Shares were redeemed in connection with our initial Business
Combination, the implied value per ordinary share would be 6.73. 

The
value of the Founder Shares following completion of our initial Business Combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal
price paid for them, even if the trading price of our ordinary shares at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and partial exercise of the over-allotment option, our Sponsor and the Anchor Investors have
invested in us an aggregate of 9,023,574, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the Founder Shares and the 8,998,574 purchase
price for the Private Placement Warrants. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation of our initial Business Combination,
the 4,998,811 Founder Shares would have an aggregate implied value of 40,390,393. Even if the trading price of our ordinary shares were
as low as 2.01 per share, and the Private Placement Warrants are worthless, the value of the Founder Shares would approximately be equal
to the Sponsor s and Anchor Investors initial investment in us. As a result, our Sponsor and the Anchor Investors are likely
to be able to make a substantial profit on their investment in us at a time when our Public Shares have lost significant value (whether
because of a substantial amount of redemptions of our Public Shares or any other reason). Accordingly, our management team, which owns
interests in our Sponsor, may be more willing to pursue a Business Combination with a riskier or less-established target business than
would be the case if our Sponsor and the Anchor Investors had paid the same per share price for the Founder Shares as our public shareholders
paid for their Public Shares. 

31 

We
may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Founder
Shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders
and likely present other risks. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par
value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 preference shares, par value
 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 25,495,008 and 0 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class
B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance taking into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding
warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into
Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial Business Combination as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. As of December 31, 2022, there were no preference shares issued and outstanding. 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial Business Combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in
to redeem the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial
Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection
with our initial Business Combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds
from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any initial Business Combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or
in connection with the completion of an initial Business Combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder
vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of public investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the
 Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of
 the Class B ordinary shares; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded
 our Class A ordinary shares; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our
 ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
 and directors; 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person
 seeking to obtain control of us; 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may
 not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

32 

Unlike
some other similarly structured blank check companies, our Sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares
to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

The
Founder Shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial Business Combination at a ratio
such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering,
plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business
Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares
issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to
our Sponsor, the A Anchor Investors, any of its or their affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working
capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This
is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate
of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial Business Combination. 

You
will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the issuance of the underlying Class A ordinary shares
or certain exemptions are available. Such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding
such investor from being able to exercise its warrants and causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

Pursuant
to terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty (20) business days
after the closing of our initial Business Combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement
covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within
sixty (60) business days after the closing of our initial Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information
set forth in the registration statement or prospectus; the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not
current, complete or correct; or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered
under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based
on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However,
no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to
exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of
the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary
shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition
of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public
warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act, and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our
commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s
investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of
the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in
exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable
state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered
or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant
and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of
Units will have paid the full Unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. There may be a circumstance
where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our Private Placement Warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding
exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants that were included as part of the Units. In such an instance, our Sponsor
and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell
the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell
the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are
unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result,
we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 

33 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of
at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise
period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all
without your approval. 

Our
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure
any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public
warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend
the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve
of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the warrant
agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, 65 of the number of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. Although
our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited,
examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants
into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Our
warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which
could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the
Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have
consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum
provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be
deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service
of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

34 

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price
of 0.01 per warrant if, among other things, the last reported sale price of Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a
30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant
holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted). If and when the warrants become redeemable
by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all
applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable
to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price
therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you
might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are
called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

In
addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration,
at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted). In such
a case, the holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based
on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1)
may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying
share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary
shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of
the warrants. 

Our
warrants and Founder Shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult
to effectuate our initial Business Combination. 

We
have issued warrants to purchase 8,750,000 of our Class A ordinary shares and 1,247,623 of our Class A ordinary shares, respectively,
in connection with closing of the Initial Public Offering and partial exercise of the over-allotment option, at a price of 11.50 per
whole share (subject to adjustment), as part of the Units and, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering and partial
exercise of the over-allotment option, we respectively issued in a Private Placement an aggregate of 8,250,000 Private Placement Warrants
and 748,574 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment. Our initial shareholders currently hold 4,998,811 Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares are convertible
into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our Sponsor, an affiliate
of our Sponsor or certain of our directors and officers make any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted
into warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement
Warrants. To the extent we issue Class A ordinary shares to effectuate a Business Combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial
number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition
vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce
the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the Business Combination. Therefore, our warrants and Founder Shares may
make it more difficult to effectuate a Business Combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. In addition, if the
Sponsor, the A Anchor Investors, or its or their affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may
convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 Private Placement Warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant.
We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. 

To
the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a Business Combination, the potential for the issuance of
a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition
vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares
and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it
more difficult to effectuate a Business Combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

35 

So
long as the Private Placement Warrants are held by our Sponsor, the A Anchor Investors or their permitted transferees, (i) they will
not be redeemable by us for cash (except under certain limited exceptions), (ii) they (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our Sponsor until
30 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis. 

Because
each Unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than Units
of other blank check companies. 

Each
Unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation
of the Units, and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued
to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose Units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant
or a greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the Units in this way in
order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a Business Combination since the warrants will be exercisable
in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to Units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share,
thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this Unit structure may cause our Units
to be worth less than if a Unit included one whole warrant or a greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. 

Our
management s ability to require holders of our Public Warrants to exercise such Public Warrants on a cashless basis will cause
holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the Public Warrants than they would have received had they been
able to exercise their public warrants for cash. 

If
we call our Public Warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this Annual Report have been satisfied,
our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its Warrant (including any warrants held by our Sponsor,
officers, directors or their permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require
holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will
be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his, her or its Warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the
potential upside of the holder s investment in our Company. 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

If
(i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such
issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to
the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more
than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial Business Combination on the date
of the consummation of our initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the volume weighted average trading price of
our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our
initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per
share redemption trigger price applicable to our warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of
the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price applicable to our warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us
to consummate an initial Business Combination with a target business 

36 

Provisions
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that
shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors, the ability of our
board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of
our initial Business Combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our Sponsor, are entitled to
vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise
could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Because
we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. 

We
are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service
of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts
against our directors or officers. 

Our
corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law
of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take
action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman
Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in
part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts
are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities
of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions
in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and
certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman
Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholder s derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

We
have been advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize
or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities
laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities
imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands
of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a
foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court
imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met.
For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and
must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable
on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public
policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands
Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As
a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management, members of our board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States
company. 

37 

Since
only holders of our Founder Shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled
company within the meaning of the NYSE rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance
requirements. 

Only
holders of our Founder Shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled
company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Under the NYSE corporate governance standards, a company
of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and
may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we
 have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the NYSE; 

we
 have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing
 the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we
 have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written
 charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

We
do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, subject to applicable
phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections
afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements. 

If
we have not consummated an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our public
shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 24 months before redemption from our Trust Account. 

If
we have not consummated an initial Business Combination within twenty-four (24) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption
of our Public Shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the Trust Account will be effected automatically
by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required
to wind up, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation
process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case,
investors may be forced to wait beyond twenty-four (24) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering before the redemption
proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our
Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto,
we consummate our initial Business Combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation
will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial Business Combination and do not amend certain
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, we will follow the foregoing
procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

38 

Holders
of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial Business Combination. 

Prior
to our initial Business Combination, only holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors.
Holders of our Public Shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our
initial Business Combination, holders of a majority of our Founder Shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.
Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination. 

The
warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you do not have any information
regarding such other security at this time. 

In
certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial Business Combination, the warrants may become exercisable
for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant
to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the
warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security
underlying the warrants within twenty (20) business days of the closing of an initial Business Combination. 

The
grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial Business Combination, and
the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

At
or after the time of our initial Business Combination, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, can demand that we register
the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which Founder Shares are convertible, the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration and availability of such a significant number
of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition,
the existence of the registration rights may make our initial Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because
the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration
to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our initial shareholders
or holders of working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

We
may reincorporate or re-domicile in, or transfer our tax residence to, another jurisdiction in connection with our initial Business Combination
and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal
rights. In addition, the effect of such reincorporation, re-domiciliation or change of tax residence may result in taxes being imposed
on us or our shareholders or warrant holders. 

In
connection with our initial Business Combination, we may reincorporate or re-domicile in, or transfer our tax residence to, another jurisdiction
or merge into a new entity in such jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of
our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in
implementation and interpretation as in the Cayman Islands or the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any
of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. In addition, the effect of
such reincorporation, re-domiciliation, transfer of tax residence or merger, may result in taxes imposed on us or our shareholders or
warrant holders. 

Such
transactions may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or
warrant holder is a tax resident (or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity), in which the target company
is located, or in which we reincorporate, re-domicile, transfer our tax residence or merge. We do not intend to make any cash distributions
to shareholders or warrant holders to pay any such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other
taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation, re-domiciliation, transfer of tax residence or merger. 

39 

Failure
to maintain our status as tax resident solely in the Cayman Islands could adversely affect our financial and operating results 

Our
intention is that prior to our initial Business Combination we should be tax resident solely in the Cayman Islands. Continued attention
must be paid to ensure that major decisions by the Company are not made from another jurisdiction, since this could cause us to lose
our status as tax resident solely in the Cayman Islands. The composition of the Board, the place of residence of the individual members
of the Board and the location(s) in which the Board makes decisions will all be important factors in determining and maintaining our
tax residence in the Cayman Islands. If we were to be considered as tax resident within another jurisdiction, we may be subject to additional
tax in that jurisdiction, which could negatively affect our financial and operating results, and/or our shareholders or warrant
holders investment returns could be subject to additional or increased taxes (including withholding taxes). 

Risks
Relating to our Advisor and Management Team 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts
of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial Business Combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target
business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial Business Combination, it is likely that some or all
of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after
our initial Business Combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals
may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and
resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination,
and a particular Business Combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may
provide for them to receive compensation following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial Business Combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the Business Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the Business Combination. Such negotiations also could
make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such
individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial Business
Combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential Business Combination.
There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial Business Combination.
We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination
as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination. 

40 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The loss of a Business
Combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The
role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

Our
executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination
as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
Business Combination. 

Our
executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a Business Combination and their other businesses. We
do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Each of our executive officers
is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are
not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and
board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote
substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time
to our affairs that may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. For a discussion of our executive
officers and directors other business affairs, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance. 

Our
officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities, including another SDCL or blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity
a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until
we consummate our initial Business Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses
or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity
to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in
determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and
a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law. 

In
addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors are, and/or may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies or other
entities that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Our Sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited
from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with their initial
Business Combinations, prior to us completing our initial Business Combination, and any such involvement my result in conflicts of interests
as described above. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. SDCL as well as its or our directors and officers also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate
for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties or otherwise have an interest
in, including SDCL, SDCL Funds, our Sponsor, their affiliates, or to certain other companies in which they or the foregoing persons have
invested or which they have advised, and any other special purpose acquisition company in which they may become involved, including companies
in industries we may target for our initial Business Combination. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to
which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential
target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any
director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to reasonably pursue. 

41 

In
addition, SDCL directly or indirectly advises a significant number of SDCL Funds, portfolio companies and their affiliates that may compete
with us for acquisition opportunities, and if pursued by them we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. Investment ideas
generated within SDCL may be suitable for both us and for current or future SDCL Funds and may be directed to such SDCL Funds rather
than to us. Such opportunities may outperform any businesses we acquire. Neither SDCL nor members of our management team who are also
employed by or serve as directors of SDCL or SDCL Funds or their affiliates have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for
a potential Business Combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as an officer
of the company. 

For
a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest
that you should be aware of, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, Item 10,
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest and Item 13 Certain Relationships
and Related Party Transactions Support Services Agreement. 

Our
executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict
with our interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct
or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are
a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor,
our directors or executive officers. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account
in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests
and ours. In particular, affiliates of our Sponsor may have invested in a diverse set of industries. As a result, there may be substantial
overlap between companies that would be a suitable Business Combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for
such other affiliates. 

The
personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target
business and completing a Business Combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and
selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of
a particular Business Combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a
breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals
for infringing on our shareholders rights. See the section titled Description of Securities Certain Differences in
Corporate Law Shareholders Suits for further information on the ability to bring such claims. However, we might not
ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We
may engage in a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our Sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members
for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance Conflicts of Interest. Our Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank
check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Such entities may compete
with us for Business Combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with
any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines
for a Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our
agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm
regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more domestic or international
businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still
may exist and, as a result, the terms of the Business Combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would
be absent any conflicts of interest. 

42 

Members
of our management team and companies affiliated thereof have been, and may from time to time be, involved in legal proceedings or governmental
investigations unrelated to our business. 

Members
of our management team have been involved in a wide variety of businesses. Such involvement has, and may lead to, media coverage and
public awareness. As a result of such involvement, members of our management team and companies affiliated thereof have been, and may
from time to time be, involved in legal proceedings or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. Any such proceedings or
investigations may be detrimental to our or their reputation or result in other negative consequences or damages, which could negatively
affect our ability to identify and complete an initial Business Combination and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

Since
our Sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial Business Combination is not completed
(other than with respect to Public Shares they may acquire during or after the Initial Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise
in determining whether a particular Business Combination target is appropriate for our initial Business Combination. 

Our
initial shareholders hold 4,998,811 as of the date of this Annual Report, including 2,639,375 held by our Sponsor. On February 23,
2021, our Sponsor paid 25,000, or 0.003 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in consideration of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001. On July 14, 2021, the company repurchased 2,156,250 Founder Shares from our Sponsor for an aggregate
consideration of 0.001 and subsequently cancelled the repurchased shares, resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B ordinary
shares outstanding to 5,031,250 shares. On October 8, 2021, our Sponsor sold 2,374,750 Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors (in
an amount of 503,125 Founder Shares to each A Anchor Investor, 181,125 Founder Shares to each 3.6 B Anchor Investor, 201,250 Class B
ordinary shares to each 4 B Anchor Investor, and 201,250 Class B ordinary shares to each Additional 4 B Anchor Investor) for an aggregate
purchase price of 11,800 or approximately 0.005 per share. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the Sponsor,
the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed
to the company by the number of Founder Shares issued. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial Business
Combination. 

The
Anchor Investors purchased 15,864,997 Units in the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the A Anchor Investors each purchased 899,857
Private Placement Warrants, and our Sponsor purchased 7,198,860 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A
ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00 per warrant 8,998,574 in the aggregate), in a Private
Placement. If we do not consummate an initial Business Combination within twenty-four (24) months from the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

The
personal and financial interests of our Sponsor, executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting
a target Business Combination, completing an initial Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the
initial Business Combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of the Initial Public Offering
nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial Business Combination. 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial Business Combination. Upon the loss of control
of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate suc h
business. 

We
may structure our initial Business Combination so that the post-Business Combination company in which our public shareholders own shares
will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such Business Combination if
the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-Business Combination company owns
50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial Business Combination may collectively own a
minority interest in the post-Business Combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Business Combination.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all
of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the
target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior
to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition,
other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of
the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able
to maintain control of the target business. 

43 

Our
Sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially
in a manner that you do not support. 

Our
Sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, approximately 12.5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, it may exert
a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial
Business Combination. If our Sponsor purchases any Units or any additional Class A ordinary shares in the open market or in privately
negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our Sponsor,
is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors
being elected in each year. We may not hold a general meeting to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial Business
Combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the Business Combination.
If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of our board of directors
will be considered for appointment and our Sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our
Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial Business
Combination. Accordingly, our Sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial Business Combination. 

After
our initial Business Combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and
all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or
their other legal rights. 

It
is possible that after our initial Business Combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States
and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible,
for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers
or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers
under United States laws. 

Our
letter agreements with our initial shareholders, officers and directors may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Our
letter agreements with our initial shareholders, officers and directors contains provisions relating to, among other things, restrictions
on transfer of our founder shares and Private Placement Warrants, indemnification of the Trust Account, waiver of redemption rights and
participation in liquidating distributions from the Trust Account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval.
While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial Business Combination,
it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve
one or more amendments to the letter agreements. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders
and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

We
are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe
that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial Business
Combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs
and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential
Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. For a discussion of certain of our executive officers and directors 
other business endeavors, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. We do not have
an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. 

The
unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

44 

Risks
Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries 

If
we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we may
face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial Business Combination, and if we effect
such initial Business Combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If
we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we would
be subject to risks associated with cross-border Business Combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing
our initial Business Combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments,
regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If
we effect our initial Business Combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future Business Combinations may be effected; 

exchange
 listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

local
 or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls, including devaluations and other exchange rate movements; 

rates
 of inflation, price instability and interest rate fluctuations; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

underdeveloped
 or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

45 

corruption; 

protection
 of intellectual property; 

social
 unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

government
 appropriation of assets, regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist
 attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities and wars; and 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States. 

We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial Business
Combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

If
our management following our initial Business Combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following
our initial Business Combination, any or all of our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company
and the management of the target business at the time of the Business Combination could remain in place. Management of the target business
may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may
have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various
regulatory issues that may adversely affect our operations. 

After
our initial Business Combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue
may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant
extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which
we operate. 

The
economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect
our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be
sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected,
there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially
and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial Business Combination and,
if we effect our initial Business Combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In
the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent
of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value
of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions.
Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business
or, following consummation of our initial Business Combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a
currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, the cost of a target
business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

46 

We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial Business Combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may
govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In
connection with our initial Business Combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another
jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The
system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as
in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss
of business, business opportunities or capital. 

We
are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased
both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We
are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection
of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable
law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased
general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a Business Combination target. 

Moreover,
because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time
as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations
and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
have no operating revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Because
we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our
initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective
target business concerning a Business Combination and may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. If we fail to complete
our initial Business Combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past
performance by any member or members of our management team or any of their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance
of an investment in us. 

Information
regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of any member or members of our
management team and any of their respective affiliates including SDCL or SDCL Funds is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully
identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any Business Combination that we may consummate. You should not rely
on the historical record of any member or members of our management team or any of their respective affiliates including SDCL or SDCL
Funds as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward.
Our management has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies. 

47 

Cyber
incidents or cyberattacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial
loss. 

We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of
third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of
them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or how such laws are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely
affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply
with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult,
time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time, including
as a result of changes in economic, political, social and governmental policies, and those changes could have a material adverse effect
on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business
Combination, and results of operations. 

On
March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules that would, among other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in business
combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements applicable to business
combination transactions involving such companies; update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings,
as well as when projections are disclosed in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increase the potential liability
of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and impact the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation
under the Investment Company Act. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely
affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and
time related thereto. 

We
may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
to U.S. investors. 

If
we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a beneficial owner of our units, Class
A ordinary shares or warrants, that is (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation (or other entity
treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized in or under the laws of the United States,
any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless
of its source, or (iv) a trust if (A) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration
of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (B) it has in effect
under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person, such beneficial owner (referred to herein
as a U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting
requirements. 

Our PFIC status for our taxable year ended December 31, 2021, our taxable
year ended December 31, 2022, our current taxable year, and our subsequent taxable years may depend upon the status of an acquired
company pursuant to a Business Combination and whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances,
the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the
start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31,
2021, our taxable year ended December 31, 2022, our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for
any taxable year, moreover, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. 

48 

If
we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue
Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and
maintain a qualified electing fund (or QEF election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide
such required information, and such election would likely be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors
to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules to holders of our units, Class A ordinary shares and
warrants. 

We
have made available on our website a PFIC Annual Information Statement to enable U.S. Holders to make a QEF election with respect to
our taxable year ended December 31, 2022. If you are a U.S. Holder who held our shares at any point during your taxable year that
includes December 31, 2022, you should consult your tax advisor regarding such a QEF election, and the procedures necessary to validly
make and maintain such election. Our website can be found at https://www.sdcledge.com. The reference to our website is a textual reference
only. Information contained in the website is not a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report. 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, 
this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public
companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may
deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status
earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30
before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict
whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities
less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise
would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Furthermore,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of
the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may
take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial
statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary
shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700
million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison
of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

49 

If
the funds not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. 

The
funds available to us outside of the Trust Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, assuming that our initial Business Combination is not completed during that time. We have
incurred, and expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for
capital through potential loans from certain of our affiliates are discussed in Item 7 Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. However, other than Working Capital Loans, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in
the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event
in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such time. 

Of
the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business.
We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent
or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors
on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed Business Combination, although we do not have
any current intention to do so. If we enter into a letter of intent or merger agreements where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity
from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might
not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we have not completed
our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share,
or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See Risk Factors If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other risk factors herein. 

Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial Business Combination. 

Recently,
the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us
and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged
for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue
into the future. 

The
increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to negotiate and complete an initial Business Combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify
its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-Business Combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or
accept less favorable terms. Furthermore, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse
impact on the post-Business Combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In
addition, after completion of any initial Business Combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from
claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to such initial Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect our
directors and officers, the post-Business Combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-Business Combination entity
and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

50 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenue or earnings. 

To
the extent we complete our initial Business Combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking
an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which
we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile
revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our directors and officers
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all
of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be
outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target
business. 

Our
search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the geopolitical conditions resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia,
Belarus and related individuals and entities and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target
markets. 

The
United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the
invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries
have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the
removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system.
Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine
during the ongoing military conflict, increasing geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting
measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and
other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the
length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions,
including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally,
Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability
and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any
of the abovementioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting
from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our search for a Business Combination and any target
business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine,
resulting sanctions and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or
new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global
scale. Any such disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the Risk Factors 
section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period
of time, our ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we may ultimately consummate
a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, and the impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory acts from Russia,
could result in increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. 

Our
proximity to our liquidation date expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-2015, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has
determined that mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to
liquidate after November 2, 2023. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company
is unable to continue as a going concern. 

51 

Item 1.B.
Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2.
Properties. 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at 1120 Avenue of the Americas, 4th Floor, New York, New York 10036. The cost for our use of
this space is included in the 20,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, administrative and support
services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3.
Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

We
are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against
us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. 

Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

52 

PART
II. 

Item 5.
Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) 
 Market
 Information 

Our
Units began trading on the New York Stock Exchange LLC on October 29, 2021. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and
one-half of one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share. On December 17, 2021, we announced that holders of the
Units may elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares and redeemable warrants included in the Units commencing on December 20,
2021. Any Units not separated continue to trade on the New York Stock Exchange LLC under the symbol SEDA.U Any underlying
Class A ordinary shares and redeemable warrants that were separated trade on the NYSE under the symbols SEDA and SEDA.WS, 
respectively. 

(b) 
 Holders 

As
of March 29, 2023, there was approximately one holder of record of our Units, approximately one holder of record of our separately
traded Class A ordinary shares, and approximately four holders of record of our redeemable warrants. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of our initial Business Combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if
any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of
any cash dividends subsequent to our initial Business Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time.
In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable
future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may
be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities
 Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Performance
 Graph 

The
performance graph has been omitted as permitted under rules applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

(f) 
 Recent
 Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered
Sales 

On
November 2, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 17,500,000 Units, at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total
gross proceeds of 175,000,000. The Underwriters acted as the joint-book running managers. On November 16, 2021, the Underwriters
partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased 2,495,246 Over-Allotment Units, generating gross proceeds of 24,952,460.
The securities sold in the Initial Public Offering and the exercise of the over-allotment option were registered under the Securities
Act on registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-254238). The registration statement became effective on October 28, 2021. 

53 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 8,250,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00
per Private Placement Warrant in the First Private Placement to the Sponsor and the A Anchor Investors, generating gross proceeds of
 8,250,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of 748,574 Over-Allotment
Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant in the Second Private Placement to the Sponsor and the A Anchor Investors, generating
gross proceeds of 748,574. Such securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act. 

The
Private Placement Warrants and the Over-Allotment Warrants are identical to the public warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial
Public Offering and upon exercise of the over-allotment option, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Over-Allotment Warrants
are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited
exceptions. 

Founder
Shares 

On
February 23, 2021, our Sponsor was issued 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate
of 25,000 paid to cover certain expenses on our behalf. On July 14, 2021, we repurchased 2,156,250 Founder Shares from our Sponsor
for an aggregate consideration of 0.001, resulting in an aggregate of 5,031,250 Founder Shares outstanding. The Founder Shares included
an aggregate of up to 656,250 Class B ordinary shares subject to repurchase by our Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the holders of the Founder Shares will own, on an as-converted basis,
20 of our issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. Following the partial exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option on November 16, 2021, 32,439 Founder Shares were repurchased and cancelled by us. No other Founder Shares
remain subject to forfeiture. 

Our
Sponsor has agreed that, subject to certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned, or sold until the
earlier of (i) one year after the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) subsequent to an initial Business Combination, (x) if
the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after an initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction
that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

The
A Anchor Investors purchased a total of 4,000,000 Units in the Initial Public Offering at the offering price of 10.00 per Unit. In addition
to the A Anchor Investors, two qualified institutional buyers or accredited investors not affiliated with the Company, our Sponsor, our
directors or any member of management (the 3.6 B Anchor Investors ), purchased 1,575,000 Units each in the Initial Public
Offering at the offering price of 10.00 per Unit, three qualified institutional buyers or accredited investors not affiliated with the
Company, our Sponsor, our directors or any member of management (the 4.0 B Anchor Investors ), purchased 1,749,999 Units
each in the Initial Public Offering at the offering price of 10.00 per Unit, and two qualified institutional buyers or accredited investors
not affiliated with the Company, our Sponsor, our directors or any member of management (the Additional 4.0 B Anchor Investors 
and, together with the 3.6 B Anchor Investors and the 4.0 B Anchor Investors, the B Anchor Investors ), purchased 1,732,500
Units each in the Initial Public Offering at the offering price of 10.00 per Unit, or an aggregate of 15,864,997 Units for all anchor
investors (the Anchor Investors which includes the A Anchor Investors and the B Anchor Investors). 

Should the Anchor Investors vote their Class A ordinary shares in favor
of the initial Business Combination, no votes from other public shareholders would be required to approve the initial Business Combination.
The Anchor Investors may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial Business Combination than other public shareholders
due to their ownership interests in the Company. 

54 

The Anchor Investors have not been granted any shareholder or other
rights in addition to those afforded to our other public shareholders. Further, the Anchor Investors are not required to (i) hold any
Units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants they purchased in the Initial Public Offering or thereafter for any amount of time, (ii) vote
any Class A ordinary shares they may own at the applicable time in favor of the Business Combination or (iii) refrain from exercising
their right to redeem their Public Shares at the time of the Business Combination. The Anchor Investors have the same rights to the funds
held in the Trust Account with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Units they hold as the rights afforded to our other
public shareholders. 

Each
Anchor Investor has entered into separate investment agreements with us and our Sponsor. The A Anchor Investors purchased 503,125 Founder
Shares each, or an aggregate of 1,006,250 Founder Shares, from our Sponsor for a purchase price of 2,500 each, or an aggregate of 5,000,
at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The 3.6 B Anchor Investors purchased 181,125 Founder Shares each, or an aggregate of
362,250 Founder Shares, from our Sponsor for a purchase price of 900 each, or an aggregate of 1,800, at the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. The 4.0 B Anchor Investors purchased 201,250 Founder Shares each, or an aggregate of 603,750 Founder Shares, from our
Sponsor for a purchase price of 1,000 each, or an aggregate of 3,000, at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Additional
4.0 B Anchor Investors purchased 201,250 Founder Shares each, or an aggregate of 402,500 Founder Shares from our Sponsor for a purchase
price of 1,000 each, or an aggregate of 2,000, at the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or an aggregate of 2,374,750 Founder
Shares for all Anchor Investors for a total combined purchase price of 11,800). Pursuant to the investment agreements, the Anchor Investors
have agreed to (a) vote any Founder Shares held by them in favor of the Business Combination and (b) subject any Founder Shares held
by them to the same lock-up restrictions as the Founder Shares held by our Sponsor and independent directors. 

Due
to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters on November 16, 2021, we repurchased and cancelled 32,439
Founder Shares, which included 3,244 Founder Shares from each A Anchor Investor (or an aggregate of 6,488 Founder Shares), 1,168 Founder
Shares from each 3.6 B Anchor Investor (or an aggregate of 2,336 Founder Shares), 1,298 Founder Shares from each 4.0 B Anchor Investor,
(or an aggregate of 3,894 Founder Shares), 1,298 Founder Shares from each Additional 4.0 B Anchor Investor, (or an aggregate of 2,596
Founder Shares), and 17,125 Founder Shares from our Sponsor. 

We
estimated the fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the Anchor Investors to be 18,969,890 or 8.04 per share. The excess
of the fair value of the Founder Shares sold over the purchase price of 11,725 (or 0.005 per share) was determined to be an offering
cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost was allocated to the separable financial instruments
issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs allocated
to derivative warrant liabilities were expensed immediately in the statement of operations. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares
were charged to shareholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

Private
Placements 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor and A Anchor Investors purchased an aggregate of 8,250,000 warrants at a
price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant 8,250,000 in the aggregate). Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment
option, we consummated the sale of 748,574 Over-Allotment Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant in a Private Placement to
our Sponsor and A Anchor Investors, generating gross proceeds of 748,574, for an aggregate total of 8,998,574 in gross proceeds from
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and Over-Allotment Warrants. Each Private Placement Warrant and Over-Allotment Warrant is
exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants and Over-Allotment Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
If we do not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants
will expire worthless. 

These
issuance were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting
discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. 

55 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
November 2, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 17,500,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of
 175,000,000. Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and BofA Securities, Inc acted as the joint book-running managers in the Initial Public Offering.
The securities sold in the Initial Public Offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No.
333-254238). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on October 28, 2021. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor and A Anchor Investors purchased an aggregate of 8,250,000 warrants at a
price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant 8,250,000 in the aggregate). Simultaneously with the partial exercise of the over-allotment
option, we consummated the sale of 748,574 Over-Allotment Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant in a Private Placement to
our Sponsor and A Anchor Investors, generating gross proceeds of 748,574, for an aggregate total of 8,998,574 in gross proceeds from
the sale of the Private Warrants and Over-Allotment Warrants. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at a price of 11.50 per share. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from
the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If we do not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the
proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

In connection with the Initial Public Offering, we incurred transaction
costs of approximately 32,005,743 (including underwriting discounts of 3,999,049, deferred underwriting commissions of approximately
 6,998,336 in the aggregate (waived in full), 18,958,165 for the excess fair value of Founder Shares attributable to the Anchor Investors
as otherwise detailed herein, and 2,050,193 in other offering costs). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation
fees related to the Initial Public Offering. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (the latter, waived in full) and
the Initial Public Offering expenses, following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants,
the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, and the sale of the Over-Allotment Warrants, an amount of 201,951,985 10.10 per Unit) was placed
in a Trust Account and invested as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

There
has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement as is described
in our final prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering. For a description of the use of the proceeds generated from the Initial
Public Offering, see Item 1. Business. 

Item 6.
[Reserved]. 

56 

Item 7.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References
in this Annual Report to we, us or the Company refer to SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation References
to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to SDCL EDGE Sponsor LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report includes forward-looking statements that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical
fact included in this Annual Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans
and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, 
 anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions
are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance,
but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events,
performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements .
 For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the
forward-looking statements, please refer to Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company s securities filings
can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company
disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated on February 16, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a
merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
or entities. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive
discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using
cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering (defined below) and the sale of the private placement warrants, shares issued to
the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other
sources. 

Our registration statement for our initial public offering (the Initial
Public Offering was declared effective on October 28, 2021. On November 2, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering
of 17,500,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the
 Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of 175,000,000. On November 16, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised
the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 2,495,246 Units (the Over-Allotment Units ), generating gross proceeds
of 24,952,460 (and aggregate gross proceeds of 199,952,460). The underwriters waived in full their entitlement to deferred underwriting
fees of 6,998,336 in the aggregate 0.35 per Unit). 

Upon
the closing of our Initial Public Offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option by the Underwriters and the Private Placements
(as defined below), 192,953,411 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the exercise of the over-allotment
option by the Underwriters and 8,998,574 of the proceeds of the Private Placements, for an aggregate of 201,951,985, was held in a
trust account Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and is to be invested
in United States government treasury bills maturities of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries
and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act,
as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account
as described below. 

57 

If
we are unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination
Period ), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s
remaining shareholders and board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to the Company s obligations under
Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities for the period from February 16,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our Initial Public Offering,
described below, and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We
do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on investments held in our Trust Account after the Initial Public Offering. We incur expenses as
a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 4,822,634, which was a result of a gain in the change in fair value of warrant
liabilities of 6,458,708, a gain on the investments held in the trust account of 2,689,177 and a gain on the waiver of deferred underwriting
fees of 342,975, which was offset by operating and formation costs of 4,668,226. 

For
the period from February 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of 5,875,399, which resulted from
a gain on change in the fair value of warrant liabilities of 9,118,176, offset in part by expensed offering costs of 2,429,624 and
operating and formation costs of 813,153. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 755,582, which was due to a non-cash gain on the change
in fair value of warrant liabilities of 6,458,708, a gain on investments held in the Trust Account of 2,689,177 and changes in working
capital of 1,278,116, offset in part by our net income of 4,822,634, share-based compensation expense of 2,634,528 and a non-cash gain on the
waiver of deferred underwriting fees of 342,975. 

For
the period from February 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 963,284,
which was due to a non-cash gain on the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 9,118,176, changes in working capital of 612,076,
offset in part by our net income of 5,875,399, share-based compensation expense of 461,945 and expensed offering costs of 2,429,624. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no cash provided by or used in financing or investing activities. 

For the period from February 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021, net cash used in investing activities of 201,951,985 was the result of the amount of net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering
and the partial exercise of the over-allotment option being deposited to the Trust Account. 

58 

For
the period from February 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 net cash provided by financing activities of 204,281,822
was comprised of proceeds from the issuance of units in the Initial Public Offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment option,
net of underwriter s discounts paid of 195,953,412, proceeds from the issuance of warrants in a private placement to our Sponsor
of 8,998,574, proceeds from the sale of Class B ordinary shares to our Sponsor of 25,000, payment of legal expenses by the Sponsor
and proceeds from short-term loan from the Sponsor of 66,017, and proceeds from the issuance of promissory note to related party of
 300,000, offset by the payment of 761,181 for offering costs associated with the Initial Public Offering, and repayment of promissory
note of 300,000. 

On
November 2, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 17,500,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of 175,000,000. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 8,250,000 warrants (the Private Placement
Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement (the First Private Placement to SDCL EDGE Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), Sustainable Investors Fund, LP Capricorn ), and Seaside Holdings
(Nominee) Limited Seaside and, together with Capricorn, the A Anchor Investors generating gross proceeds
of 8,250,000. 

The
Company had granted the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering (the Underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to
2,625,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On November 16, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment
option and purchased an additional 2,495,246 Over-Allotment Units, generating gross proceeds of 24,952,460, and incurred 499,049 in
cash underwriting fees. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company consummated the sale of 748,574 warrants (the Over-Allotment
Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement (the Second Private Placement and, together
with the First Private Placement, the Private Placements to the Sponsor and the A Anchor Investors, generating gross proceeds
of 748,574. 

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, and the
sale of the Over-Allotment Warrants, an amount of 201,951,985 was placed in a Trust Account. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 610,971 held outside the Trust Account. We will use the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering
held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target
businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or
owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a
business combination. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust
Account (less taxes payable), to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest
income (if any) to pay income taxes, if any. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income
earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account. We expect the interest income earned on the amount in the Trust Account (if any) will
be sufficient to pay our income taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete
our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations
of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following our Initial Public Offering in order to meet the expenditures required
for operating our business. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence
and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available
to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to consummate
our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon completion of
our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. 

59 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and public warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the working capital
loans (the Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement
Warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration
rights agreement signed on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up
to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to consummation of a Business Combination. The Company bears
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Promissory
Notes - Related Party 

On
February 23, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note, as amended on March 7, 2021 and September 30, 2021,
to our Sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company received proceeds of 300,000 to cover expenses related
to the Initial Public Offering. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021
or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of 300,000 was repaid at the closing
of the Initial Public Offering on November 2, 2021. 

Underwriters
Agreement 

In
connection with the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters were granted a 45-day option from the date of the Initial Public Offering
to purchase up to 2,625,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments. On November 16, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised
the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 2,495,246 Units at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating additional
gross proceeds of 24,952,460 to the Company. 

The
underwriters received a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 3,999,049 in the aggregate, which became payable at the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 6,998,336 in the
aggregate. In July and October 2022, the deferred underwriting fee was waived in full by Goldman Sachs Co. LLC Securities,
Inc., and BofA Securities, Inc., the underwriters. Upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, a portion of the entire deferred underwriting
fee was allocated to public warrants, which resulted in a charge to the statement of operations. Therefore, a portion of this waived
deferred underwriting fee was recorded as a gain in the statement of operations in the amount of 342,975 for the year ended December 31,
2022. The remaining 6,655,361 was recorded as a reduction to accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022. 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of 20,000 per month for office
space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of an initial business combination or the Company s liquidation, the
Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 16, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021, 240,000 and 38,710 of administrative support expenses were incurred related to the agreement. 

60 

Investment
Advisory Agreement 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company and the Sponsor entered into an agreement with Sustainable Development Capital LLP (the Advisor ),
a London-based investment firm and affiliate of the Company and Sponsor, whereby the Advisor agreed to provide administrative, consulting,
and other services to affect the Company s initial Business Combination. In consideration of the services performed: (1) the Company
and Sponsor shall procure the transfer of the legal and beneficial title to at least 659,844 Founder Shares, or at the sole election
of the Sponsor, the payment of an amount equal to the cash value (as determined as of the date of such payment) of such number of Founder
Shares, to the Advisor immediately prior to the winding up and liquidation of the Sponsor, or such other date as shall be agreed in writing
between the Sponsor and Advisor; and (2) the Sponsor shall pay to the Advisor the sum of 20,000 per month as an ongoing advisory fee
subject to the terms and conditions of the Investment Advisory Agreement (the Advisory Agreement ). The compensation expense
related to the above Founder Share transfer of 659,844 shares is amortized on a straight-line basis from the Grant Date of October 28,
2021 (the date at which the Investment Advisory Agreement was signed, and the date at which all parties reached a mutual understanding
of the key terms and conditions of the share-based payment) to November 2, 2023 (the date at which the combination period for the
Company s initial business combination expires). Such Advisory Agreement is accounted for under ASC 718, Compensation Stock
Compensation. 

On August 5, 2022, the Company incurred costs associated with
web-based services provided by the Advisor. For the year ended December 31, 2022 the total costs incurred are 24,062 and are recorded
in operating and formation costs within the statements of operations. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Net
Income Per Ordinary Share 

The
Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of ASC 260, Earnings Per Share . Net income per ordinary share is
computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. The immediate re-measurement
of the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from net income per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Therefore,
the net income per share calculation allocates income and losses shared pro rata between Class A and Class B ordinary shares. As a result,
the calculated net income per share is the same for Class A and Class B ordinary shares. The Company has not considered the effect of
the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering, the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, and private placement to purchase
an aggregate of 18,996,197 shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon
the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted income per share is the same as basic income per share for the period presented. 

Class
A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption 

All
of the 19,995,246 Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment
option contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation,
if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments
to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance
on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480-10-S99, redemption
provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent
equity. Therefore, all Class A ordinary shares has been classified outside of permanent equity. 

The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they
occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period.
Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital
and accumulated deficit. The redemption value of the redeemable ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022 increased from December 31,
2021 as the income earned on the Trust Account during the year ended December 31, 2022 exceeds the Company s expected dissolution
expenses (up to 100,000). As such, the Company recorded an increase in the carrying amount of the redeemable ordinary shares of 2,589,178
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

61 

Share-Based
Compensation 

Share-based
compensation is accounted for based on the requirements of ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ), which
requires recognition in the financial statements of the cost of employee, non-employee and director services received in exchange for
an award of equity instruments over the period the employee, non-employee or director is required to perform the services in exchange
for the award (presumptively, the vesting period). The ASC also requires measurement of the cost of employee, non-employee and director
services received in exchange for an award based on the grant-date fair value of the award. For the year ended December 31, 2022
the Company recognized 2,634,528 of share-based compensation related to 659,844 Founder Shares to be transferred to Sustainable Development
Capital LLP for certain services performed per the Investment Advisory Agreement. 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

The
Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded
derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 .) For derivative financial instruments that
are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value on the grant date and is then re-valued
at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. The classification of derivative instruments,
including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period.
Derivative liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion
of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

The
Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates
all financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives,
pursuant to the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and
Hedging ASC 815 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded
as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

The
warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and exercise of the over-allotment (the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, the Company recognizes
the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities
are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s
statements of operations. The Company utilized a Monte Carlo simulation model for the initial valuation of the Public Warrants. The subsequent
measurement of the Public Warrants after detachment from the Units issued in the Initial Public Offering is classified as Level 1 due
to the use of an observable market quote in an active market under the ticker SEDA.WS. The Company utilizes a Monte Carlo Simulation
model to value the Private Placement Warrants at each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in the statement of operations.
The estimated fair value of the Private Placement warrant liability is determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a Monte Carlo Simulation
model are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company
estimates the volatility of its ordinary shares based on historical volatility that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants.
The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected
remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The
dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates to remain at zero. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified
as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation
of current liabilities. 

62 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company s financial statements. 

Item 7.A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this item. 

63 

Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

SDCL
EDGE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance
 Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 16, 2021
 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from February 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from February 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company currently has a mandatory liquidation date of November 2, 2023. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

SDCL
EDGE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid insurance
 and other current assets 

Total current
 assets 

Prepaid insurance - noncurrent 
 - 

Investments and cash
 held in trust account 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND
 SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued contingent legal costs 

Due to Sponsor 

Total
 current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting
 fee payable 
 - 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments (Note
 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to
 possible redemption; shares at redemption value of per share and per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders 
 Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value;
 shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A ordinary shares, par
 value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class B ordinary shares, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding 1 

Additional paid-in capital 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total
 Shareholders Deficit 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

SDCL
EDGE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 16, 2021 
(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For
 the 
 Period
 from 
 February 16, 2021 (Inception)
 Through December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Operating
 and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Other (expense) income: 

Expensed offering costs 
 - 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Gain on investments held in Trust
 Account 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on waiver
 of deferred underwriting fees 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 income 

Basic
 and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A Ordinary Shares 

Basic
 and diluted net income per share, Class A Ordinary Shares 

Basic
 and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B Ordinary Shares 1 

Basic
 and diluted net income per share, Class B Ordinary Shares 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

SDCL
EDGE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 16, 2021 
(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class B 
Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance at February 16,
 2021 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor (1) 

- 

Net Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 - 

- 

Excess of cash received over fair
 value of private placement warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 

Excess fair value of Founder Shares
 transferred to Anchor Investors 
 - 
 - 

- 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares
 to redemption amount 
 - 
 - 

Forfeiture
 of Class B ordinary shares upon exercise of over-allotment option (1) 

- 

- 
 
 Balance at December 31,
 2021 

- 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 - 

- 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary
 shares to redemption amount 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Waiver of deferred
 underwriting fee payable (see Note 6) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

SDCL
EDGE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 16, 2021 
(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

For the 
 year ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For
 the Period from February 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from
 Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income
 to net cash used in operating activities: 

Expensed offering costs 
 - 

Share-based compensation 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Gain on investments held in Trust
 Account 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on waiver of deferred underwriting
 fees 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid insurance and other current
 assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued contingent legal costs 
 
 - 
 
 Due to Sponsor 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from
 Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited
 in Trust Account 
 - 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 - 

Cash Flows from
 Financing Activities: 

Advances from Sponsor 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B
 ordinary shares to Sponsor 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of Promissory
 note to Sponsor 
 - 

Repayment of promissory note 
 - 

Proceeds from initial public offering
 and exercise of over-allotment option, net of underwriter s discount paid 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of private placement
 warrants 
 - 

Payment of deferred
 offering costs 
 - 

Net
 cash used in financing activities 
 - 

Net change in
 cash 

Cash - beginning
 of period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash
 - end of period 

Non-cash investing
 and financing activities 

Waiver of
 deferred underwriting fee payable (see Note 6) 
 
 - 
 
 Remeasurement
 of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption to redemption value 

Excess fair
 value of Founder Shares attributable to Anchor Investors 
 - 

Deferred underwriting
 fee payable 
 - 

Forfeiture
 of Class B Founder Shares 
 - 

Deferred offering
 costs included in accrued offering costs 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

SDCL
EDGE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class
A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of ,
which is discussed in Note 3. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant Public
Warrant ). 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement
Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to SDCL EDGE Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ),
Sustainable Investors Fund, LP Capricorn ), and Seaside Holdings (Nominee) Limited Seaside and, together
with Capricorn, the A Anchor Investors generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

The
Company had granted the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering (the Underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to
 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On November 16, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment
option and purchased an additional Units (the Over-Allotment Units ), generating gross proceeds of ,
and incurred in cash underwriting fees. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Over-Allotment
Warrants at a purchase price of per warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor and the A Anchor Investors generating
gross proceeds of . 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, and the
sale of the Over-Allotment Warrants, an amount of per Unit) was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and was invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with maturities of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until
the earlier of: (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly tendered in
connection with a shareholder vote to amend the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of
the Public Shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering; and (iii) absent an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or
with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, the
return of the funds held in the Trust Account to the Public Shareholders as part of the redemption of the Public Shares. If the Company
does not invest the proceeds as discussed above, the Company may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If the Company
is deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses
for which the Company has not allotted funds and may hinder the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. If the Company
is unable to complete the initial Business Combination, the Company s public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion
of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and the warrants will expire worthless. 

In
addition, the Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares to the extent that the
over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters. As a result of the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment
option, the Company repurchased and cancelled Founders Shares. No other Founder Shares remain subject to forfeiture. 

The
Company will provide its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion
of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means
of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender
offer will be made by the Company, in its sole discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for
a pro rata portion of the amount held in the Trust Account 10.10 per share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion
of a Business Combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to the Company to pay its tax obligations. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect
to the Company s warrants. The Class A ordinary shares are recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon
the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). 

The
Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon consummation of such
Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not
required under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business
or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association as then in effect, conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer
documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a
Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders,
Anchor Investors (as defined in Note 5), and management team have agreed to vote any Founder Shares held by them, and any Public Shares
purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public shareholder
may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were
a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the
tender offer rules, the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder,
together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted
from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written
consent. 

The
initial shareholders and A Anchor Investors have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public
Shares they hold in connection with the completion of an initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect
to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the Public
Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity
and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the
Company fails to complete an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the Initial Public Offering. However, if the initial
shareholders or Anchor Investors (as defined in Note 5) acquire additional Public Shares after the Initial Public Offering, such Public
Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period (as defined below). 

The
Company will have until November 2, 2023 to complete a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest
shall be payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the Company s remaining shareholders and board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to the Company s
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims
by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) 10.10 per Public Share or (2) the
actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than per
Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay the Company s
tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed
a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any
claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to
claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company
waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Going
Concern Consideration 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had in cash held outside of the Trust Account and a working capital deficit of . 

If
a Business Combination is not consummated by November 2, 2023, there will be mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the
Company. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , management
has determined the November 2, 2023 Combination Period deadline raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern from the date that these financial statements are issued, if it does not complete a Business Combination prior
to such date. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target company, the
specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In
February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action,
various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. As a result
of this action and related economic sanctions, the Company s ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of
a target business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially and adversely affected. In
addition, the Company s ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing
which may be impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party
financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world
economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability to consummate a Business
Combination are not yet determinable. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

, and are held in money market funds, which are invested
in U.S. Treasury securities. All of the Company s investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Such
trading securities are presented on the balance sheet at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from
the change in fair value of investments held in Trust Account are included in net gain (loss) on investments held in Trust Account in
the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available
market information. 

At
December 31, 2021 the Company held cash in the Trust Account of . 

Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment
option contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation,
if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments
to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance
on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the
Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all Class A ordinary shares
have been classified outside of permanent equity. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares
to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary
shares are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. The redemption value of the redeemable ordinary
shares as of December 31, 2022 increased as the income earned on the Trust Account exceeds the Company s expected dissolution
expenses (up to from December 31, 2021. As such, the Company recorded an increase in the carrying amount of the redeemable
ordinary shares of during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption reflected in the balance sheets are reconciled
in the following table: 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Issuance costs allocated to Class
 A ordinary shares 

Plus: 

Remeasurement
 of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary
 shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Remeasurement
 of carrying value to redemption value 

Class
 A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

Offering
Costs associated with the Initial Public Offering 

The
Company complies with the requirements of ASC Topic 340, Other Assets and Deferred Costs and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A -
Expenses of Offering SAB Topic 5A ). Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees incurred
through the balance sheet date that are related to the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs directly attributable to the issuance
of an equity contract to be classified in equity are recorded as a reduction in equity. Offering costs for equity contracts that are
classified as assets and liabilities are expensed immediately. The Company incurred offering costs amounting to as a result
of the Initial Public Offering (consisting of a underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting fees, 
of Anchor Investor offering costs, and of other offering costs). The Company recorded of offering costs as a reduction
of temporary equity in connection with the shares of Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. The Company immediately expensed
 of offering costs in connection with the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants that were classified as liabilities.
The Company incurred additional offering costs amounting to and for which payment is contingent upon the completion
of a Business Combination. These are recorded as accrued contingent legal costs within the balance sheets as of December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

In July and October 2022, the deferred underwriting
fee was waived in full by Goldman Sachs Co. LLC Securities, Inc., and BofA Securities, Inc., the underwriters. Upon IPO, a portion
of the entire deferred underwriting fee was allocated to public warrants, which resulted in a charge to the statement of operations.
Therefore, a portion of this waived deferred underwriting fee was recorded as a gain in the statements of operations in the amount of
 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The remaining was recorded as a reduction to accumulated deficit as of
December 31, 2022. 

unrecognized
tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s management does not currently have and does not expect any unrecognized tax benefits to accrue over the next twelve months. 

The Company is currently not aware
of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements. 

shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent
upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted income per share is the same as basic income per share for the periods presented. 

The
following table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net income per ordinary share (in dollars, except per share amounts): 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

The
following reflects the fair value hierarchy established by ASC 820: 

Level
1 Assets and liabilities with unadjusted, quoted prices listed on active market exchanges. Inputs to the fair value measurement
are observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level
2 Inputs to the fair value measurement are determined using prices for recently traded assets and liabilities with similar underlying
terms, as well as direct or indirect observable inputs, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted
intervals. 

Level
3 Inputs to the fair value measurement are unobservable inputs, such as estimates, assumptions, and valuation techniques when
little or no market data exists for the assets or liabilities. 

and ,
respectively, of share-based compensation related to Founder Shares to be transferred to Sustainable Development Capital LLP
for certain services performed per the Investment Advisory Agreement (See Note 5). 

Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of .
Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one Public Warrant. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase
one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). On November 16, 2021, the underwriters partially
exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Over-Allotment Units, generating gross proceeds of ,
for an aggregate total of in gross proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and closing of the exercise of the over-allotment
option. 

warrants at a
price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in the aggregate). Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment
option, the Company consummated the sale of 748,574 Over-Allotment Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement
to the Sponsor and A Anchor Investors, generating gross proceeds of 748,574, for an aggregate total of in gross proceeds
from the sale of the Private Warrants and Over-Allotment Warrants. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class
A ordinary share at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added
to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the
Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate
of paid to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company. On July 14, 2021, the Company repurchased Founder
Shares from the Company s Sponsor for an aggregate consideration of 0.001, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares
outstanding. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to Class B ordinary shares subject to repurchase by the Sponsor to
the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the holders of the Founder
Shares will own, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering.
Following the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option on November 16, 2021, Founder Shares were
repurchased and cancelled by the Company. No other Founder Shares remain subject to forfeiture. 

The
Sponsor has agreed that, subject to certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned, or sold until the
earlier of (i) one year after the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) subsequent to an initial Business Combination, (x) if
the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after an initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other
similar transaction that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. 

The
A Anchor Investors purchased a total of units in the Initial Public Offering at the offering price of per unit. 

As
the Anchor Investors purchased units during the Initial Public Offering, should they vote the shares included therein in favor of the
initial Business Combination, no votes from other public shareholders would be required to approve the initial Business Combination.
The Anchor Investors may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial Business Combination than other public shareholders
due to their ownership interests in the Company. 

Pursuant
to such units, the Anchor Investors have not been granted any shareholder or other rights in addition to those afforded to the Company s
other public shareholders. Further, the Anchor Investors are not required to (i) hold any units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants
they purchased in the Initial Public Offering or thereafter for any amount of time, (ii) vote any Class A ordinary shares they may own
at the applicable time in favor of the Business Combination or (iii) refrain from exercising their right to redeem their Public Shares
at the time of the Business Combination. The Anchor Investors have the same rights to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect
to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the units they purchased in the Initial Public Offering as the rights afforded to the Company s
other public shareholders. 

Each
Anchor Investor has entered into separate investment agreements with the Company and the Sponsor. The A Anchor Investors purchased 
Founder Shares each, or an aggregate of Founder Shares, from the Sponsor for a purchase price of each, or an aggregate
of , at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The 3.6 B Anchor Investors purchased Founder Shares each, or an aggregate
of Founder Shares, from the Sponsor for a purchase price of each, or an aggregate of , at the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. The 4.0 B Anchor Investors purchased Founder Shares each, or an aggregate of Founder Shares, from the
Sponsor for a purchase price of each, or an aggregate of , at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Additional
4.0 B Anchor Investors purchased Founder Shares each, or an aggregate of Founder Shares from the Sponsor for a purchase
price of each, or an aggregate of , at the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or an aggregate of Founder
Shares for all Anchor Investors for a total combined purchase price of ). Pursuant to the investment agreements, the Anchor Investors
have agreed to (a) vote any Founder Shares held by them in favor of the Business Combination and (b) subject any Founder Shares held
by them to the same lock-up restrictions as the Founder Shares held by the Sponsor and independent directors. 

Due
to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters on November 16, 2021, the Company repurchased and cancelled
 Founder Shares, which included Founder Shares from each A Anchor Investor (or an aggregate of Founder Shares), 
Founder Shares from each 3.6 B Anchor Investor (or an aggregate of Founder Shares), Founder Shares from each 4.0 B Anchor
Investor, (or an aggregate of 3,894 Founder Shares), Founder Shares from each Additional 4.0 B Anchor Investor, (or an aggregate
of Founder Shares), and Founder Shares from the Company s Sponsor. As a result 15,314 Founder Shares held by Anchor
Investors were repurchased and canceled by the Company, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares held by all Anchor Investors. 

The
Company estimated the fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the Anchor Investors to be or per share. The
excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares sold over the purchase price of (or per share) was determined to be an
offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost was allocated to the separable financial
instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering
costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities were expensed immediately in the statement of operations. Offering costs allocated
to the Public Shares were charged to shareholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

Due
to Sponsor 

Due
to Sponsor consists of advances from the Sponsor to pay for offering costs and formation costs on behalf of the Company and are payable
on demand. 

On August 5, 2022, the Company incurred costs associated to web based
services provided by the Advisor. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 16, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021, the total costs incurred are and , respectively, and recorded in operating and formation costs within the
statements of operations. 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of per month for office
space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company
will cease paying these monthly fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022, and the period from February 16, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, and , respectively, of administrative support expenses were incurred. 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company and the Sponsor entered into an agreement with Sustainable Development Capital LLP (the Advisor ),
a London-based investment firm and affiliate of the Company and Sponsor, whereby the Advisor agreed to provide administrative, consulting,
and other services to affect the Company s initial Business Combination. In consideration of the services performed: (1) the Company
and Sponsor shall procure the transfer of the legal and beneficial title to at least Founder Shares, or at the sole election
of the Sponsor, the payment of an amount equal to the cash value (as determined as of the date of such payment) of such number of Founder
Shares, to the Advisor immediately prior to the winding up and liquidation of the Sponsor, or such other date as shall be agreed in writing
between the Sponsor and Advisor; and (2) the Sponsor shall pay to the Advisor the sum of per month as an ongoing advisory fee
and subject to the terms and conditions of the Investment Advisory Agreement (the Advisory Agreement ). The compensation
expense related to the above Founder Share transfer of shares is amortized on a straight-line basis from the Grant Date of October 28,
2021 (the date at which the Investment Advisory Agreement was signed, and the date at which all parties reached a mutual understanding
of the key terms and conditions of the share-based payment) to November 2, 2023 (the date at which the combination period for the
Company s initial business combination expires). Such Advisory Agreement is accounted for under ASC 718. 

On
August 5, 2022, the Company incurred costs associated with web-based services provided by the Advisor. For the year ended December 31,
2022 the total costs incurred are 
 and recorded in operating and formation costs
within the statements of operations. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Company s sponsor or an affiliate
of the sponsor or certain of the officers and directors may loan the Company funds as may be required. If
the Company completes an initial Business Combination, it may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released
to the Company. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the Company s Trust Account would be used for
such repayment. Up to of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of per warrant at the option of the
lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise
period. The terms of such loans by the officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with
respect to such loans. The Company does not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Company s sponsor, its affiliates
or the management team as the Company does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against
any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Company s Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no
such loans outstanding. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments. On November 16, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised
the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional
gross proceeds of to the Company. 

The
underwriters received a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate, which became payable at the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the
aggregate. In July and October 2022, the deferred underwriting fee was waived in full by Goldman Sachs Co. LLC Securities,
Inc., and BofA Securities, Inc., the underwriters. Upon IPO, a portion of the entire deferred underwriting fee was allocated to public
warrants, which resulted in a charge to the statement of operations. Therefore, a portion of this waived deferred underwriting fee was
recorded as a gain in the statements of operations in the amount of for the year ended December 31, 2022. The remaining
 was recorded as a reduction to accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of the initial Business
Combination, the Company will use the commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance
of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use the commercially reasonable efforts to
cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination and to maintain the
effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire
or are redeemed; provided that if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act,
the Company may, at the option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, the Company will not be required
to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 . Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the
Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of thirty (30) days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder;
 and 

The
Company will not redeem the warrants for cash unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares
of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class
A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, unless the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and
such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable, the Company
may exercise the redemption right even if the Company are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all
applicable state securities laws. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per share of Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. Commencing ninety days after the Public
Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided
 that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption
 and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the
 redemption date and the fair market value of the Company s Class A ordinary shares
 except as otherwise described below; 

if,
 and only if, the closing price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds
 per Public Share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon
 exercise or the exercise price of a warrant from share divisions, share capitalizations,
 reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading
 day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to
 the warrant holders; and 

if
 the closing price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days
 within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
 the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per
 share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the
 exercise price of a warrant from share divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
 recapitalizations and the like), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently
 called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described
 above. 

In
addition, if (x) the Company issues additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of the initial 

The
private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in the Initial Public Offering except that, so long
as they are held by the Sponsor, the A Anchor Investors, or their permitted transferees: (1) they will not be redeemable (except as described
above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 (2) they (including
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, as described below; (3) they
may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis; and (4) they (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants)
are entitled to registration rights. 

The
Company accounts for the warrants that were issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering Public Warrants
and Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because
the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability due to the existence
of provisions whereby adjustments to the exercise price of the warrants is based on a variable that is not an input to the fair value
of a fixed-for-fixed option and the existence of the potential for net cash settlement for the warrant holders (but not
all shareholders) in the event of a tender offer. 

The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the warrants as derivative liabilities at fair
value upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants were allocated a portion of the proceeds from the issuance
of the Units equal to its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement,
the warrant liability will be adjusted to its current fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement
of operations. The Company will reassess the classification at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of
events during the period, the warrants will be reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. 

preference shares, par value, with such designations, voting
and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class
A ordinary shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per
share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 19,995,246 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, including 
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class
B ordinary shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per
share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares outstanding. 

Ordinary
shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of Class A
ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the
Company s shareholders except as required by law. 

The
Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into the Company s Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business
Combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in
the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion
of the Company s Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable
upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in
relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable
for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination
and any private placement warrants issued to the Company s Sponsor, the A Anchor Investors, the Company s affiliates or any
member of the management team upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into
Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. 

- 
 - 
 
 Liabilities 

Warrant liability Public Warrants 

- 
 - 
 
 Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account: 

Cash 

- 
 - 
 
 Liabilities 

Warrant liability Public Warrants 

- 
 - 
 
 Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

The
measurement of the Public Warrants as of December 31, 2022 is classified as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market quote
in an active market under the ticker SEDA.WS. The quoted price of the Public Warrants was and per warrant as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2021, the amount in the Trust Account was comprised solely of cash. 

The
Company utilizes a Monte Carlo simulation model to value the Private Placement Warrants at each reporting period, with changes in fair
value recognized in the statement of operations. The estimated fair value of the Private Placement warrant liability is determined using
Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a Monte Carlo Simulation model are assumptions related to expected share-price volatility, expected life,
risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary shares based on historical volatility
that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield
curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed
to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates
to remain at zero. 

The
aforementioned warrant liabilities are not subject to qualified hedge accounting. 

Transfers
to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period. 

The
following table provides the significant inputs to the Monte Carlo simulation model for the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants: 

Exercise price 

Dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected term (in years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Fair value 

The
following table presents the changes in the fair value of the Company s Level 3 financial instruments that are measured at fair
value: 

Initial measurement of Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants upon exercise of over-allotment on November 16, 2021 

Change in fair value 

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1 measurement 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 - private placement warrants 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31 2022 - private placement warrants 

The
Company recognized a gain for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 16, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, in connection with changes in the fair value of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants
of ,
and ,
respectively, which is recorded in the statements of operations. 

F- 24 

Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9.A.
Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 paragraphs 13(d)-15(e) and 15d-15 paragraphs 15(d)-15(e) under the
Exchange Act, our management carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer and concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures are not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of the identification of a material weakness described below. 

In connection with the preparation
of the Quarterly Report for September 30, 2022, on Form 10-Q, we concluded that a material weaknesses in internal control over financial
reporting existed relating to: (i) the recording of accruals, payables, and expenses; and (ii) Management s review process over
financial statement balances and activity incurred during the reporting period. A material weakness, as defined in the SEC regulations,
is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. This material weakness resulted in adjustments of the Company s unaudited financial statements as of and for the period ended
September 30, 2022, to record and adjust our accounts payable, accrued expenses, accrued offering costs, accumulated deficit and expenses
incurred. 

Management has enhanced our supervisory review of accounting procedures
regarding period end accruals, accounts payable and expenses incurred, related to activity occurring in future periods. Our updated processes
include increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding accounting applications.
The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately
have the intended effects. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and
regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control
over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that: 

1. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

64 

2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our
management and directors, and 

3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective,
due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to (i) the recording of accruals, payables, and
expenses; and (ii) Management s review process over financial statement balances and activity incurred identified in the preparation
of the Quarterly Report for September 30, 2022. 

Notwithstanding this material
weakness, management has concluded that our audited financial statements included in this Report are fairly stated in all material respects
in accordance with GAAP for each of the periods presented therein. 

This Report does not include an attestation report of internal controls
from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Other than the material weakness and remediation efforts mentioned
above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that
occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the
SEC for newly public companies. 

Item 9.B.
Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9.C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection. 

Not
Applicable. 

65 

PART
III. 

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Title 
 
 Jonathan
 Maxwell 
 48 
 Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Michael
 Feldman 
 48 
 Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Ned
 Davis 
 77 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Lolita
 Jackson, MBE 
 54 
 Director 
 
 William
 Kriegel 
 77 
 Director 
 
 Michael
 Naylor 
 58 
 Director 
 
 Ana
 Maria Machado Fernandes 
 59 
 Director 
 
 Karl
 Olsoni 
 65 
 Director 

Jonathan
Maxwell has served as Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer of SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation since March 2021. Mr. Maxwell
is currently the Chief Executive Officer of SDCL, which he founded. He has 25 years experience in international finance, infrastructure
and private equity and has overall responsibility for SDCL s investment activities. Mr. Maxwell is chair of the Investment Committee
for SEEIT (SEIT.LN), the first listed investment company of its kind to invest exclusively in the energy efficiency sector. He is also
serves as a director of Ireland Energy Efficiency Investments Plc. Mr. Maxwell has advised and invested on behalf of a number of national
governments as well as a wide range of institutional investors. Prior to establishing SDCL, Mr. Maxwell was at HSBC Infrastructure and
managed the initial public offering of the HSBC Infrastructure Company Limited, the first main market, London Stock Exchange listed infrastructure
investment company, which now has an enterprise value of over 3 billion. Mr. Maxwell has a degree in Modern History from Oxford
University. We believe that Mr. Maxwell is well qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive experience in international
finance, infrastructure and private equity. 

Michael
Feldman has served as Co-Chief Executive Officer SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation since October 2021. Mr. Feldman has 20 years
of investing experience in infrastructure. Most recently, Mr. Feldman was a Managing Director and head of infrastructure for Sixth Street
Partners (from 2013 to 2020), where he focused on opportunistic infrastructure investments. Prior to joining Sixth Street Partners, Mr.
Feldman worked at Goldman Sachs and ultimately held the title of Managing Director. At Goldman Sachs, he was responsible for alternative
energy investing within the Americas Special Situations Group. In these roles, Mr. Feldman has served on the boards of directors of numerous
portfolio companies. His focus is on alternative/renewable and conventional energy in the form of private equity, corporate lending,
project finance, and structured investing. Mr. Feldman received a B.A. in Computer Science from Columbia University. We believe Mr. Feldman
is well qualified to serve as Co-CEO because of his extensive experience in energy investing. 

Ned
Davis has served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation since March 2021.
Mr. Davis has served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of SDCL EE CO US LLC and Chief Financial Officer of New York
Energy Efficiency Investments LLC since 2015. Mr. Davis has served as Managing Principal of Sustainable Development Capital LLC, a FINRA
licensed Broker-Dealer since 2014. Prior to 2014, Mr. Davis served as the co-founder, Chief Investment Officer and Managing Principal
of North River Capital LLC, a New York-based equity investment fund manager, from 2005 to 2014, and Taconic Capital Group Inc. a FINRA
licensed research and investment banking broker-dealer from 1999 to 2010. Prior to 1999 Mr. Davis was a sell-side equity securities analyst
and M A investment banker for several Wall Street firms, including most recently Lazard Freres Co. and Oppenheimer Co.
Mr. Davis holds licenses with FINRA as a Managing Principal, Securities Analyst, FIN-OP and Investment Banker. Mr. Davis received his
M.B.A. from the Harvard University Business School, with distinction, and his B.A. from Williams College, cum laude . We believe
that Mr. Davis is well qualified to serve in our management because of his extensive financial and business experience. 

66 

Lolita
Jackson, MBE has served on the board of directors of SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation since May 2021. Ms. Jackson has been
appointed as the Executive Director of Communications and Sustainable Cities at SDCL. Until recently, she served as the Special Advisor
of Climate Policy and Programs in the NYC Mayor s Office. Ms. Jackson was the climate diplomat for NYC, and administered activities
with C40 and other global climate and resilience networks, as well as the UN and cities around the world. Ms. Jackson was also part of
the team responsible for OneNYC, NYC s overall resilience plan, and has held numerous positions within the NYC Mayor s Office
over a 15-year period, including Director of External Affairs for the Special Initiative for Rebuilding and Resiliency, which produced
NYC s post-Hurricane Sandy resiliency plan A Stronger, More Resilient New York, Director of External Affairs of the Housing Recovery
Office, Director of Special Projects, where she was in charge of operational city agencies for the Second Avenue Subway and Barclays
Center projects, and Manhattan Director of Community Affairs. Prior to her career in government, Ms. Jackson worked at Morgan Stanley
for 12 years and was Vice President for Morgan Stanley Investment Management responsible for a 10 billion product line. Ms. Jackson
is the immediate past Chairman of the Royal Society of Arts US, US Advisory Board Chairman of the British American Project, a Trustee
Emerita of the Children s Aid Society, a Trustee of the National Jazz Museum in Harlem, President of the Penn Class of 1989, and
a fellow of the US-Japan Leadership Program. Ms. Jackson is a 2020-21 Visiting Fellow of Penn Perry World House, a globally focused think
tank. Ms. Jackson studied Applied Science concentrating in Chemical Engineering and is an alumna of the University of Pennsylvania. We
believe that Ms. Jackson is well qualified to serve as a director because of her extensive experience in climate policy and government
affairs. 

William
Kriegel has served on the board of directors of the SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation since May 2021. Mr. Kriegel is currently
Chairman of the Board of K Road Management, LLC with an outstanding track record of shareholder value creation over a 45 year career.
Previously Mr. Kriegel was Chairman of the Board of Sithe Energies, a company he founded. Mr. Kriegel was also a co-founder of the National
Independent Energy Producers (the NIEP ), a Washington, D.C. based entity established to represent the independent power
producing industry. Mr. Kriegel has served in various leadership and board positions at several energy water and waste management companies,
including Aqua Alliance, Vivendi North America and Montenay International. He also serves on the Local Executive Board at the University
of Montana-Western and is a board member of The University of Montana Western Foundation. We believe that Mr. Kriegel is well qualified
to serve as a director because of his extensive energy experience. 

Ana
Maria Machado Fernandes has served on the board of directors of the SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation since May 2021. Mrs. Fernandes
is currently a Director at Caixa Geral de Dep sitos, the largest Portuguese Bank and a Director at BCI Banco Comercial
e de Investimentos (Mz). Previously, Mrs. Fernandes served on the board of directors for EDP Energias de Portugal Sa (2006-2012) and
GALP Energia (Oil Gas) (2000-2006) and was executive CEO of GALP Power, a subsidiary of GALP Energia for developing projects related
to wind, cogeneration and one of the first CCGT s in Portugal (2004-2006). From 1998 until 2000, Mrs. Fernandes was a business
strategy and portfolio senior manager for Gas de Portugal. Mrs. Fernandes was also a board member of several companies of Banco de Fomento
e Exterior, and, after it was acquired by Banco Portugu s de Investimento, she assumed responsibilities at the corporate finance
department as leader of an investment banking team and director of the bank (1995-1998). From 1989 until 1994 she was a senior financial
analyst and director at Efisa Sociedade de Investimento, S.A., the Portuguese arm of SG Warburg, later Banco Efisa. Mrs. Fernandes
is a member of the Advisory Board of the Science and Technology Faculty of Universidade Nova de Lisboa (appointed 2018) and a past Director
of COTEC (2008-2011), an innovation body sponsored by the Portuguese Presidency. Mrs. Fernandes holds a degree in economics and a post-graduate
degree in international finance both from the economy faculty at Universidade do Porto. She has an MBA from Universidade do Porto/Universidade
Nova de Lisboa. We believe that Mrs. Fernandes is well qualified to serve as a director because of her extensive experience advising
boards of directors and her experience in the energy sector. 

67 

Michael
Naylor has served on the board of directors of the SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation since May 2021. Mr. Naylor is Chairman
of the Board of Jupiter Green Investment Trust plc, a company listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and recognized as
one of the UK s leading sustainability investing companies. Mr. Naylor has served on the board of Jupiter Green Investment Trust
plc since 2008. He sat as Chairman of Audit Committee from 2012 thru 2015 and was appointed Chairman of the Board in September 2015.
Mr. Naylor is a board member of Sun New Energy Holdings Limited (2019). He is a Member of K Road Mobility LLC (2019) and K Road Technology
LLC (2020). His Advisory Board appointments include private equity firm XPV Water Partners LLC based in Toronto (since 2008) and Sylvera
Limited based in London. (2021). From 2013 thru 2020 Mr. Naylor was senior advisor to the London Private Equity Firm Actis where he is
also a member of the Partnership Co-Investment Vehicle of funds AE3 and AE4. From 2011 thru 2019 Mr. Naylor was Chairman of the Advisory
Board of Greentech Capital LLC (today Nomura Greentech). Mr. Naylor is an Operating Partner of the Philadelphia based executive search
firm Hobbs Towne LLC. Mr. Naylor was appointed a board member of The Cambridge Institute of Sustainability Leadership in 2013.
The Institute is part of the University of Cambridge within the School of Technology. Mr. Naylor is a graduate of the Institute s
Management Programme. We believe that Mr. Naylor is well qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive experience advising
boards of directors and his experience with sustainability companies. 

Karl
Olsoni has served on the board of directors of the SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation since May 2022. Mr. Olsoni has more than
30 years of international energy sector experience. He currently serves as independent director of Canadian Solar (NASDAQ: CSIQ), where
he is a member of the Audit Committee and Chair of the Sustainability Committee. Besides that, he is currently an Operating Partner with
Quinbrook Infrastructure Partners, an infrastructure fund manager investing in clean energy infrastructure in the United States, the
United Kingdom and Australia. He is also a Partner with the kRoad group of companies which invests in battery storage, waste transformation
and e-mobility. He previously served as Managing Director of the Clean Energy and Infrastructure team at Capital Dynamics where he and
his partners raised and invested approximately 1 billion in clean energy infrastructure projects. Mr. Olsoni was formerly Chief Financial
Officer and Senior Vice President of PPM Energy Inc. (now Iberdrola Renewables/Avangrid), a US-based energy company, and Chief Financial
Officer of Koch Materials, Inc., a unit of the Koch Industries, Inc. Before that, he spent 16 years with the Southern Company where he
was part of the original management team that built the Southern Company s independent power and merchant energy business (Southern
Energy, Inc., later Mirant, Inc. and NRG Energy, Inc.) into one of the largest independent power producers in the world. Mr. Olsoni holds
a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from George Washington University and an MBA from the College of William and Mary. We believe
that Mr. Olsoni is well qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive experience advising boards of directors and his experience
with senior renewable energy. 

Director
Independence 

NYSE
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Ana Maria
Machado Fernandes, William Kriegel, Michael Naylor and Karl Olsoni are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing
standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Steven J.
Gilbert served on the board of directors as an independent director as defined in the NYSE listing standards since May 2021,
until his resignation on March 9, 2022. Mr. Gilbert s decision to leave the board of directors was not the result of any dispute
or disagreement between the Company and Mr. Gilbert and/or the board of directors and Mr. Gilbert on any matter relating to the Company s
operations, policies or practices, including its controls of financial-related matters. 

Number,
Terms of Office and Election of Officers and Director 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the NYSE corporate
governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on the NYSE. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Ana Maria Machado Fernandes and William Kriegel,
will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Michael Naylor, will
expire at our second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Jonathan Maxwell
and Lolita Jackson, MBE, will expire at our third annual meeting of shareholders. 

68 

Prior
to the completion of an initial Business Combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders
of a majority of our Founder Shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial Business Combination, holders of a majority of
our Founder Shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers
may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary,
treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Each of our
audit committee, the compensation committee and nominating committee are comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates
under a charter that was approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter
of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit
Committee 

The
members of our audit committee are William Kriegel, Michael Naylor, Ana Maria Machado Fernandes and Karl Olsoni. Karl Olsoni currently
serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of William Kriegel, Michael Naylor, Ana
Maria Machado Fernandes and Karl Olsoni are independent under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Each member of the
audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that William Kriegel, Michael Naylor, Ana Maria Machado
Fernandes and Karl Olsoni qualify as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. Steven J.
Gilbert served as member and Chairman of the audit committee until his resignation from the board of directors on March 9, 2022.
Following Mr. Gilbert s resignation, Michael Naylor was appointed interim Chairman of the audit committee. On March 30, 2022,
Karl Olsoni was appointed Chairman of the audit committee. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee. The audit committee
is responsible for: 

meeting
 with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and
 control systems; 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible
 for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including
 the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

69 

appointing
 or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements
 between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report
 or related work; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
 or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring
 compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the Initial Public Offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately
 taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the Initial Public Offering;
 and 

reviewing
 and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any
 payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director
 or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 

Nominating
Committee 

The
members of our nominating committee are William Kriegel, Michael Naylor, Ana Maria Machado Fernandes and Karl Olsoni and Michael Naylor
serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Under the NYSE listing standards, we are required to have a nominating committee composed
entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of William Kriegel, Michael Naylor, Ana Maria Machado
Fernandes and Karl Olsoni are independent. Steven J. Gilbert served as member of the nominating committee until his resignation from
the board of directors on March 9, 2022. 

We
have adopted a nominating committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the nominating committee. The nominating
committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee
considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees 

The
guidelines for selecting nominees, specified in a charter adopted by us, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should
 have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should
 possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring
 a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should
 have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The
nominating committee considers a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity
and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee requires
certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and
considers the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee
does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

70 

Compensation
Committee 

The
members of our compensation committee are William Kriegel, Michael Naylor, Ana Maria Machado Fernandes and Karl Olsoni and Michael Naylor
serves as chairman of the compensation committee. 

Our
compensation committee is composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of William Kriegel,
Michael Naylor, Ana Maria Machado Fernandes and Karl Olsoni are independent. Steven J. Gilbert served as member of the compensation committee
until his resignation from the board of directors on March 9, 2022. We adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the
principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
 evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the
 remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers
 and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NYSE and the SEC. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity
that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without
charge upon request from us. A copy of the Code of Ethics is also available on our website. We intend to disclose any amendments to or
waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

71 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty
 to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the Company as a whole; 

duty
 to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors
 should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty
 to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty
 not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the Company and their personal interests;
 and 

duty
 to exercise independent judgment. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the Company and the general knowledge skill and experience
of that director. 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be
forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by
way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval
at general meetings. 

Our
management team, in their capacities as directors, officers or employees of SDCL, SDCL Funds, our Sponsor or their affiliates, or in
their other endeavors, may be required to present potential Business Combinations to the related entities described above, current or
future entities affiliated with or managed by our Sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to
his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. Investment ideas generated within SDCL
may be suitable for both us and for current of future SDCL Funds and may be directed to such SDCL Funds rather than us. In particular,
SDCL or its affiliates, as well as SDCL Funds, may sponsor, invest in, or otherwise become involved with, other blank check companies
similar to ours (including with respect to the target sector and geographic areas of focus) during the period in which we are seeking
an initial Business Combination, and members of our management team may participate in, and have contractual and fiduciary duties towards,
such other blank check companies. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target,
particularly in the event there is overlap among the management teams. 

SDCL
as well as certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual
duties to SDCL, SDCL Funds, our Sponsor, their affiliates, or to certain other entities in which they or such entities have invested
or which they or other such entities have advised, including companies in industries we may target for our initial Business Combination.
These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. As a result, if SDCL or any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of a Business Combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide
to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. See Risk Factors Our officers and directors
presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including
another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented . 

72 

However,
we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provide that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a
director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly
or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy
in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for
any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, we may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition with any such fund or investment vehicle.
Such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial Business Combination, or we could raise additional
proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such fund or vehicle. 

Below
is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations
or other material management relationships: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Jonathan
 Maxwell 
 
 SDCL
 (Sustainable Development Capital LLP) (1) 
 
 Investment
 Company 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

William
 Kriegel 
 
 K
 Road Management LLC 
 
 Energy
 Related Investment and Management Company 
 
 Director 

Local
 board University of Montana-Western 
 
 University 
 
 Director 

University
 of Montana-Western Foundation 
 
 University
 Foundation 
 
 Director 

Director 
 
 Michael
 Naylor 
 
 Jupiter
 Green Investment Trust plc 
 
 Sustainability
 investing companies 
 
 Director 

Sun
 New Energy Holdings Limited 
 
 Energy
 Related Holding Company 
 
 Director 

K
 Road Mobility LLC 
 
 Energy
 Related Investment and Management Company 
 
 Director 

K
 Road Technology LLC 
 
 Energy
 Related Investment and Management Company 
 
 Director 

Hobbs
 Towne LLC 
 
 Executive
 Search Firm 
 
 Operating
 Partner 

The
 Cambridge Institute of Sustainability Leadership 
 
 Educational
 Facility 
 
 Director 

Lolita
 Jackson, MBE 
 
 SDCL
 (Sustainable Development Capital LLP) 
 
 Investment
 Company 
 
 Employee,
 Executive Director of Communications and Sustainable Cities 

Ana
 Maria Machado Fernandes 
 
 Caixa
 Geral de Dep sitos 
 
 Portuguese
 Bank 
 
 Director 

BCI
 Banco Comercial e de Investimentos (Mz) 
 
 Bank 
 
 Director 

Ned
 Davis 
 
 SDCL
 EE CO US LLC 
 
 Private
 Equity Fund 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

New
 York Energy Efficiency Investments LLC 
 
 Public
 Benefit Corporation 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Sustainable
 Development Capital LLC 
 
 Investment
 Company 
 
 Managing
 Principal 

Michael
 Feldman 
 
 Tactical
 Infrastructure Partners GP, LLC 
 
 Alternative
 Investment Management 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Tactical
 Infrastructure Partners, LP 
 
 Alternative
 Investment Management 
 
 Limited
 Partner 

Karl
 Olsoni 
 
 Quinbrook Infrastructure Partners 
 
 Energy related fund management company focused on renewable energy and the energy transition 
 
 Operating Partner 

Canadian Solar, Inc. 
 
 Solar panel manufacturing, energy storage solutions, and solar project development company 
 
 Independent Outside Director 

K Road Mobility LLC 
 
 Energy Related Investment and Management Company 
 
 Director 

73 

(1) 
 Includes
 certain of its funds and other affiliates including portfolio companies. 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our
 executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a
 conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a Business Combination and their other businesses.
 We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Each of our executive
 officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive
 officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our
 Sponsor subscribed for Founder Shares prior to the Initial Public Offering and purchased Private Placement Warrants in a transaction
 that closed simultaneously with Initial Public Offering. 

Our
 Sponsor, the A Anchor Investors and each member of our board and management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant
 to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them
 in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination including, without limitation, any such rights available in
 the context of a shareholder vote to approve such Business Combination, or a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended
 and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders
 of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to
 redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within twenty-four (24) months from the closing
 of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of the holders of our Class A ordinary
 shares and (ii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold
 if we fail to consummate an initial Business Combination within twenty-four (24) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 (although our Sponsor, the Anchor Investors and each member of our management team, will be entitled to liquidation rights with respect
 to any Public Shares held by them if we fail to consummate a Business Combination within the prescribed time frame). If we do not
 complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.
 Except as described herein, our Sponsor, our Anchor Investors and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer,
 assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial Business Combination
 and (B) subsequent to our initial Business Combination, the earlier to occur of (x) the first date on which the closing price of
 our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
 recapitalizations and the like) for any twenty (20) trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after
 our initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction
 that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.
 Except as described herein, the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable until thirty (30) days following the completion
 of our initial Business Combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors will own ordinary shares or warrants directly
 or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business
 with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination. 

74 

Our
officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial Business Combination. In addition, our Advisor, Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank
check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Any such companies may present
additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with SDCL, SDCL Funds, our Sponsor,
officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Advisor
as defined below, Sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such initial Business Combination
is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Furthermore,
in no event will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial
Business Combination, other than the following payments, none of which were made from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination: repayment
of up to an aggregate of 300,000 in loans made to us by our Sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; reimbursement
for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us by an affiliate of our Sponsor, in the amount of 20,000 per
month; procurement by us and our Sponsor to transfer from our Sponsor of the legal and beneficial title to at least 664,125 Class B ordinary
shares or, at the sole election of our Sponsor, the payment of an amount equal to the cash value (as determined as of the date of such
payment) of such number of Class B ordinary shares; reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating,
negotiating and completing an initial Business Combination; and repayment of loans which may be made by our Sponsor or an affiliate of
our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination.
Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant
at the option of the lender. 

We
cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial Business Combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
of the Company. In such case, our Sponsor, the Anchor Investors and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their Founder
Shares and Public Shares in favor of our initial Business Combination. 

75 

Item 11.
Executive Compensation. 

None
of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing October 29, 2021,
the date that our securities were first listed on the NYSE, through the earlier of consummation of our initial Business Combination and
our liquidation, we will reimburse an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to
us in the amount of 20,000 per month. On October 28, 2021 we entered into an agreement with our Sponsor and SDCL to appoint Sustainable
Developmental Capital LLP as an advisor Advisor to provide administrative, consulting and other services to us and our
Sponsor as may be required by us or our Sponsor to properly conduct their businesses. The services provided by SDCL shall not grant SDCL
any authorization to take any investment or other decisions with respect to our Sponsor and us. In consideration for such services rendered
by SDCL, (i) we and our Sponsor shall procure the transfer from our Sponsor of the legal and beneficial title to at least 659,844 Class
B ordinary shares or, at the sole election of our Sponsor, the payment of an amount equal to the cash value (as determined as of the
date of such payment) of such number of Class B ordinary shares, and (ii) our Sponsor shall pay to our Advisor the sum of 20,000 per
month as an ongoing advisory fee. SDCL shall also be entitled to reimbursement by us of certain costs and expenses incurred in connection
with such services. In addition, our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for
any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing
due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by
us to our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Business Combination will
be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect
to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial Business
Combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees,
will be paid by us to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial
Business Combination. 

After
the completion of our initial Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of
management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed Business Combination, because the
directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation
committee constituted solely independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial Business Combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial Business Combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial Business
Combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Business Combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

76 

Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information available to us at March 29, 2023 regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our
ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement
Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within sixty (60) days of the date of this Annual Report. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number
 of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned (2) 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of 
 Outstanding 
 Ordinary 
 Shares 
 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers 

Jonathan
 Maxwell (3) 
 2,639,375 
 13.2 
 
 Ned
 Davis (4) 

Michael
 Feldman (4) 

Lolita
 Jackson (4) 

Ana
 Maria Machado Fernandes (4) 

William
 Kriegel (4) 

Michael
 Naylor (4) 

Karl
 Olsoni (4) 

All
 officers and directors as a group (eight individuals) 
 2,639,375 
 13.2 

Five
 Percent Holders 

SDCL
 EDGE Sponsor LLC (our Sponsor) (4) 
 2,639,375 
 13.2 
 
 Seaside
 Holdings (Nominee) Limited (5) 
 2,000,000 
 10.0 
 
 Sustainable
 Investors Fund, LP (6) 
 2,000,000 
 10.0 
 
 Sandia
 Investment Management L.P. (7) 
 1,749,999 
 8.75 
 
 Polar
 Multi-Strategy Master Fund (8) 
 1,732,500 
 8.67 
 
 Arrundina
 Holdings, LLC (9) 
 1,732,500 
 8.67 
 
 Adage
 Capital Partners, L.P. (10) 
 1,575,000 
 7.88 
 
 Cantor
 Fitzgerald Securities (11) 
 1,037,301 
 5.19 

Less
 than one percent. 

77 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is 60 East 42 nd Street, Suite 1100, New York, NY 10165. 

(2) 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, interests shown consist solely of Founder Shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically
 convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis,
 subject to adjustment. 

(3) 
 Does
 not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his/her membership interest in SDCL EDGE Sponsor LLC (our
 Sponsor). 

(4) 
 SDCL
 EDGE Sponsor LLC is the record holder of the shares reported herein. SDCL EDGE Sponsor Participation LLP is the managing member of
 SDCL EDGE Sponsor LLC. Jonathan Maxwell, our Co-Chief Executive Officer, may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by our Sponsor
 by virtue of his ownership of voting securities in SDCL EDGE Sponsor Participation LLP. 

(5) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022, Guy Hands has sole voting and dispositive power over the Class
 A ordinary shares reported herein. The business address of this reporting person is PO Box 82, Floor 2, Trafalgar Court, les Banques,
 Guernsey, GY1 4LY. 

(6) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021, Sustainable Investors fund, LP and SIF Partners, LLC share voting
 and dispositive power over the Class A ordinary shares reported herein. The business address of these reporting persons is 250 University
 Ave, Suite 300, Palo Alto, CA, 94301. 

(7) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, Sadia Investment management L.P. and Timothy J. Sichler share
 voting and dispositive power over the Class A ordinary shares reported herein. The business address of these reporting persons is
 201 Washington Street, Boston, MA 02108. 

(8) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 11, 2022, Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. has sole voting and dispositive
 power over the Class A ordinary shares reported herein. The business address of this reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900,
 Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

(9) According to a Schedule 13G/A
filed with the SEC on February 7, 2023, Arrundina Holdings, LLC, Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C., Joshua J. Dapice, Philip D.
Dreyfuss, Hannah E. Dunn, Michael B. Fisch, Richard B. Fried, Varun N. Gehani, Nicolas Giauque, David T. Kim, Michael G. Linn, Rajiv
A. Patel, Thomas G. Roberts, Jr., Edric C. Saito, William Seybold, Andrew J.M. Spokes, John R. Warren, Mark C. Wehrly, share voting and
dispositive power over the Class A ordinary shares reported herein. The business address of these reporting persons is c/o Farallon Capital
Management, L.L.C., One Maritime Plaza, Suite 2100, San Francisco, California 94111. 

(10) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021, Adage Capital Partners, L.P., Adage Capital Partners GP, L.L.C.,
 Adage Capital Advisors, L.L.C., Robert Atchinson, Phillip Gross, share voting and dispositive power over the Class A ordinary shares
 reported herein. The business address of these reporting persons is 200 Clarendon Street, 52 nd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts,
 02116. 

(11) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023, Cantor Fitzgerald Securities, Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P., CF Group Management, Inc. and Howard W. Lutnick share voting and dispositive power over the Class A ordinary shares reported herein. The business address of these reporting persons is 110 East 59 th Street, New York, New York 10022. 

Our
initial shareholders beneficially own 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares and will have the right to elect all of our directors prior
to our initial Business Combination as a result of holding all of the Founder Shares. Holders of our Public Shares will not have the
right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial Business Combination. In addition, because of their ownership
block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders,
including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions. 

Our
Sponsor and the A Anchor Investors have agreed (a) to vote any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them in favor of any proposed
Business Combination and (b) not to redeem any Founder Shares or Public Shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to
approve a proposed initial Business Combination. The B Anchor Investors have agreed to vote their Founder Shares in favor of our initial
Business Combination. 

Our
Sponsor is deemed to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

78 

Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Founder
Shares 

On
February 23, 2021, our Sponsor was issued 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate
of 25,000 paid to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company. On July 14, 2021, we repurchased 2,156,250 Founder Shares from
our Sponsor for an aggregate consideration of 0.001, resulting in an aggregate of 5,031,250 Founder Shares outstanding. The Founder
Shares included an aggregate of up to 656,250 Class B ordinary shares subject to repurchase by our Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the holders of the Founder Shares will own, on an as-converted basis,
20 of our issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. Following the partial exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option on November 16, 2021, 32,439 Founder Shares were repurchased and cancelled by us. No other Founder Shares
remain subject to forfeiture. 

Our
Sponsor has agreed that, subject to certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned, or sold until the
earlier of (i) one year after the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) subsequent to an initial Business Combination, (x) if
the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after an initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction
that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

The
A Anchor Investors purchased a total of 4,000,000 Units in the Initial Public Offering at the offering price of 10.00 per Unit. In addition
to the A Anchor Investors, two qualified institutional buyers or accredited investors not affiliated with us, our Sponsor, our directors
or any member of management (the 3.6 B Anchor Investors ), purchased 1,575,000 Units each in the Initial Public Offering
at the offering price of 10.00 per Unit, three qualified institutional buyers or accredited investors not affiliated with us, our Sponsor,
our directors or any member of management (the 4.0 B Anchor Investors ), purchased 1,749,999 Units each in the Initial
Public Offering at the offering price of 10.00 per Unit, and two qualified institutional buyers or accredited investors not affiliated
with the us, our Sponsor, our directors or any member of management (the Additional 4.0 B Anchor Investors and, together
with the 3.6 B Anchor Investors and the 4.0 B Anchor Investors, the B Anchor Investors ), purchased 1,732,500 Units each
in the Initial Public Offering at the offering price of 10.00 per Unit, or an aggregate of 15,864,997 Units for all anchor investors
(the Anchor Investors which includes the A Anchor Investors and the B Anchor Investors). 

As
the Anchor Investors purchased Units during the Initial Public Offering, should they vote the shares included therein in favor of the
initial Business Combination, no votes from other public shareholders would be required to approve the initial Business Combination.
The Anchor Investors may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial Business Combination than other public shareholders
due to their ownership interests in the Company. 

Pursuant
to such Units, the Anchor Investors have not been granted any shareholder or other rights in addition to those afforded to our other
public shareholders. Further, the Anchor Investors are not required to (i) hold any Units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants they purchased
in the Initial Public Offering or thereafter for any amount of time, (ii) vote any Class A ordinary shares they may own at the applicable
time in favor of the Business Combination or (iii) refrain from exercising their right to redeem their Public Shares at the time of the
Business Combination. The Anchor Investors have the same rights to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares underlying the Units they purchased in the Initial Public Offering as the rights afforded to our other public shareholders. 

79 

Each
Anchor Investor has entered into separate investment agreements with us and our Sponsor. The A Anchor Investors purchased 503,125 Founder
Shares each, or an aggregate of 1,006,250 Founder Shares, from our Sponsor for a purchase price of 2,500 each, or an aggregate of 5,000,
at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The 3.6 B Anchor Investors purchased 181,125 Founder Shares each, or an aggregate of
362,250 Founder Shares, from our Sponsor for a purchase price of 900 each, or an aggregate of 1,800, at the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. The 4.0 B Anchor Investors purchased 201,250 Founder Shares each, or an aggregate of 603,750 Founder Shares, from our
Sponsor for a purchase price of 1,000 each, or an aggregate of 3,000, at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Additional
4.0 B Anchor Investors purchased 201,250 Founder Shares each, or an aggregate of 402,500 Founder Shares from our Sponsor for a purchase
price of 1,000 each, or an aggregate of 2,000, at the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or an aggregate of 2,374,750 Founder
Shares for all Anchor Investors for a total combined purchase price of 11,800). Pursuant to the investment agreements, the Anchor Investors
have agreed to (a) vote any Founder Shares held by them in favor of the Business Combination and (b) subject any Founder Shares held
by them to the same lock-up restrictions as the Founder Shares held by our Sponsor and independent directors. 

Due
to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters on November 16, 2021, we repurchased and cancelled 32,439
Founder Shares, which included 3,244 Founder Shares from each A Anchor Investor (or an aggregate of 6,488 Founder Shares), 1,168 Founder
Shares from each 3.6 B Anchor Investor (or an aggregate of 2,336 Founder Shares), 1,298 Founder Shares from each 4.0 B Anchor Investor,
(or an aggregate of 3,894 Founder Shares), 1,298 Founder Shares from each Additional 4.0 B Anchor Investor, (or an aggregate of 2,596
Founder Shares), and 17,125 Founder Shares from our Sponsor. 

We
estimated the fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the Anchor Investors to be 18,969,890 or 8.04 per share. The excess
of the fair value of the Founder Shares sold over the purchase price of 11,725 (or 0.005 per share) was determined to be an offering
cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost was allocated to the separable financial instruments
issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs allocated
to derivative warrant liabilities were expensed immediately in the statement of operations. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares
were charged to shareholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

Private
Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor and A Anchor Investors purchased an aggregate of 8,250,000 warrants at a
price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant 8,250,000 in the aggregate). Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the over-allotment
option, we consummated the sale of 748,574 Over-Allotment Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant in a Private Placement to
our Sponsor and A Anchor Investors, generating gross proceeds of 748,574, for an aggregate total of 8,998,574 in gross proceeds from
the sale of the Private Warrants and Over-Allotment Warrants. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net
proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If we do not complete a Business Combination within 24 months from
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption
of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor
or certain of the officers and directors may loan us funds as may be required (the Working Capital
Loans ). If we complete an initial Business Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account
released to us. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside
the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000
of the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants
would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of
such Working Capital Loans by the officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates or the management team as we do not
believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our
Trust Account. 

80 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

On
October 28, 2021, we entered into an agreement to pay our Sponsor a total of 20,000 per month for office space, administrative
and support services. Upon completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, respectively, 240,000
and 38,710 of administrative support expenses were incurred related to the agreement. 

Due
to Sponsor 

Due
to Sponsor consists of advances from the Sponsor to pay for offering costs and formation costs on behalf of the Company and are payable
on demand. 

Investment
Advisory Agreement 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company and the Sponsor entered into agreement with Sustainable Development Capital LLP (the Advisor ),
a London-based investment firm and affiliate of the Company and Sponsor, whereby the Advisor agreed to provide administrative, consulting,
and other services to affect the Company s initial Business Combination. In consideration of the services performed: (1) the Company
and Sponsor shall procure the transfer of the legal and beneficial title to at least 659,844 Founder Shares, or at the sole election
of the Sponsor, the payment of an amount equal to the cash value (as determined as of the date of such payment) of such number of Founder
Shares, to the Advisor immediately prior to the winding up and liquidation of the Sponsor, or such other date as shall be agreed in writing
between the Sponsor and Advisor; and (2) the Sponsor shall pay to the Advisor the sum of 20,000 per month as an ongoing advisory fee
subject to the terms and conditions of the Investment Advisory Agreement. Such Advisory Agreement has been accounted for under ASC 718,
Compensation Stock Compensation. 

81 

Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Fees
for professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from February 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 include: 

For
 the 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For
 the Period from February 16, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit
 Fees (1) 
 126,766 
 96,305 
 
 Audit-Related
 Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax
 Fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All
 Other Fees (4) 
 - 
 5,039 
 
 Total 
 126,766 
 101,344 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
 services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory
 filings. 

(2) 
 Audit-Related
 Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of
 the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include
 attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

(3) 
 Tax
 Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. 

(4) 
 All
 Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services including permitted due diligence services related to a
 potential Business Combination. 

Policy
on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors 

The
audit committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditors. In recognition
of this responsibility, the audit committee shall review and, in its sole discretion, pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services
to be provided by the independent auditors as provided under the audit committee charter. 

82 

PART
Iv. 

Item 15.
Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Financial Statements: See Item 8. Index
 to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 

(b) 
 Exhibits:
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K. 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company (1) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (1) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description
 of the Company s Securities (2) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Account Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other security holders named therein (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Private
 Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, by and among the Company and the A Anchor Investors (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative
 Services Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (1) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, the A Anchor Investors, and each director and executive
 officer of the Company (1) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Investment
 Advisory Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and Sustainable Development Capital LLP (1) 
 
 10.10 
 
 An
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, between the Company and Ned Davis (1) 
 
 10.11 
 
 An
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, between the Company and Michael Feldman (1) 
 
 10.12 
 
 An
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, between the Company and Ana Maria Machado Fernandes (1) 
 
 10.14 
 
 An
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, between the Company and Lolita Jackson (1) 
 
 10.15 
 
 An
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, between the Company and William Kriegel (1) 
 
 10.16 
 
 An
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, between the Company and Jonathan Maxwell (1) 
 
 10.17 
 
 An
 Indemnity Agreement, dated October 28, 2021, between the Company and Michael Naylor (1) 
 
 10.18 
 
 An
 Indemnity Agreement, dated May 30, 2022 between the Company and Karl Olsoni. 
 
 10.19 
 
 Joinder
 to Letter Agreement. (3) 
 
 14.01 
 
 Code
 of Ethics and Business Conduct of SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation. (4) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

83 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

(1) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(2) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 7, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(3) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 12, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(4) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to Form S-1 filed on March 12, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

84 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the city of London, United Kingdom. 

SDCL
 EDGE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ Jonathan
 Maxwell 

By: 
 Jonathan
 Maxwell 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 Jonathan
 Maxwell 

Name: 
 Jonathan
 Maxwell 

Title: 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors and Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 

Date: 
 March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Michael
 Feldman 

Name: 
 Michael
 Feldman 

Title: 
 Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date: 
 March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Ned Davis 

Name: 
 Ned
 Davis 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) and Chief Operating Officer 

Date: 
 March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Lolita
 Jackson 

Name: 
 Lolita
 Jackson, MBE 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 William
 Kriegel 

Name: 
 William
 Kriegel 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Michael
 Naylor 

Name: 
 Michael
 Naylor 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Ana
 Maria Machado Fernandes 

Name: 
 Ana
 Maria Machado Fernandes 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Karl
 Olsoni 

Name: 
 Karl
 Olsoni 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 March
 30, 2023 

85 

AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the undersigned has signed this report, solely in its capacity as the duly
authorized representative of SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation in the City of New York, New York on the 30 th day of
March, 2023. 

U.S.
 DULY APPOINTED REPRESENTATIVE 
 SDCL EDGE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Ned
 Davis 

Name: 
 Ned
 Davis 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

86 

<EX-10.18>
 2
 sdcledge_ex10-18.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.18

Exhibit 10.18 

INDEMNITY
AGREEMENT 

THIS
INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of May 30, 2022, by and between SDCL EDGE Acquisition
Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company ), and Karl E. Olsoni Indemnitee ). 

WHEREAS,
 highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities
unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and
actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such corporations; 

WHEREAS,
 the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined that, in order to attract and retain
qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect
persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. The amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
of the Company (the Articles provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company.
Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to applicable Cayman Islands law. The Articles provide that the indemnification
provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members
of the Board, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights; 

WHEREAS,
 the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

WHEREAS,
 the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests
of the Company s shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of
such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS,
 it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and
to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue
to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities; 

WHEREAS,
 this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Articles of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto,
and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee
may not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such
capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the
condition that he or she be so indemnified. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein and subject to the provisions of the joinder to letter
agreement dated as of May 30, 2022, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows: 

1. SERVICES
 TO THE COMPANY 

In
consideration of the Company s covenants and obligations hereunder, Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director,
advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or appointed
or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any
other capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17 . This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee
or the Company to continue Indemnitee s service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements
or commitments of the parties, if any. 

2. DEFINITIONS 

As
used in this Agreement: 

(a) References
 to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer
 or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the
 Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director,
 officer, employee, advisor, fiduciary or other official of another corporation, partnership,
 limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for
 the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company. 

(b) The
 terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership 
 shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act as
 in effect on the date hereof. 

(c) Delaware
 Court shall mean the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. 

(d) A
 Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest
 to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events: 

(i) Acquisition
 of Shares by Third Party . Other than an affiliate of SDCL EDGE Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ),
 any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the
 Company representing fifteen percent (15 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s
 then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless
 (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Company s securities by
 any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares
 of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition
 was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors and such acquisition would not constitute
 a Change in Control under part (iii) of this definition; 

(ii) Change
 in Board of Directors . Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board,
 and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s
 shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in
 office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election or nomination for election
 was previously so approved (collectively, the Continuing Directors ),
 cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(iii) Corporate
 Transactions . The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
 purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or
 more businesses (a Business Combination ), in each case, unless,
 following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and
 entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election
 of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or
 indirectly, more than 51 of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities
 of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such
 Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such
 transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either
 directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their
 ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote
 generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of the Sponsor, no Person
 (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner,
 directly or indirectly, of 15 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding
 securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving corporation
 except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3)
 at least a majority of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business
 Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement,
 or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; 

2 

(iv) Liquidation .
 The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company
 or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all
 or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than factoring the Company s
 current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by
 the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or
 a series of related transactions); or 

(v) Other
 Events . There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported
 in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar
 item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act, whether or not
 the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement. 

(e) Corporate
 Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer,
 trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company
 or of any other Enterprise which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. 

(f) Disinterested
 Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party
 to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

(g) Enterprise 
 shall mean the Company and any other corporation, constituent corporation (including any
 constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company
 (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership,
 joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or
 was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner,
 managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent. 

(h) Exchange
 Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(i) Expenses 
 shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever,
 including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and costs, retainers,
 court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private
 investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone
 charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and
 all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending,
 preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement
 or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding, including reasonable compensation
 for time spent by the Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the
 Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with
 any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including without limitation the principal, premium,
 security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal
 bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by
 Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 

(j) References
 to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee
 with respect to any employee benefit plan. 

(k) References
 to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service
 as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties
 on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect
 to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in
 good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of
 the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be
 deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company 
 as referred to in this Agreement. 

3 

(l) Independent
 Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience
 in matters of corporate law and that neither presently is, nor in the past five years has
 been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either
 such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement,
 or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party
 to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the
 foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any
 person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would
 have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action
 to determine Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. 

(m) The
 term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections
 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided ,
 however , that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii)
 any Subsidiaries of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a
 Subsidiary of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders
 of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the
 Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit
 plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary of the Company or of a corporation owned directly
 or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as
 their ownership of shares of the Company. 

(n) The
 term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed
 action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation,
 inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding,
 whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including
 intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative or investigative or related
 nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by
 reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason
 of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or her or of any action (or failure to act)
 on his or her part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of
 the fact that he or she is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer,
 trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise,
 in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense
 is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided
 under this Agreement. 

(o) The
 term Subsidiary , with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation,
 limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority
 of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly
 or indirectly, by that Person. 

(p) The
 phrase to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law shall include, but
 not be limited to: (a) to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by the provision
 of applicable Cayman Islands law that authorizes or contemplates additional indemnification
 by agreement, or the corresponding provision of any amendment to or replacement of applicable
 Cayman Islands law, and (b) to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments
 to or replacements of applicable Cayman Islands law adopted after the date of this Agreement
 that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors. 

3. INDEMNITY
 IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS 

To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with
the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness,
deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor
by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3 , Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless
and exonerated against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest,
assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts
paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any
claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed
to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct
was unlawful; provided , however in no event shall Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless or advanced any
amounts hereunder in respect of any Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that Indemnitee
may incur by reason of his or her own actual fraud or intentional misconduct. Indemnitee shall not be found to have committed actual
fraud or intentional misconduct for any purpose of this Agreement unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a
finding to that effect. 

4 

4. INDEMNITY
 IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY 

To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with
the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness,
deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitee s
Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4 , Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses
actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter
therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the Company. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of
any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be liable
to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Delaware Court shall determine
upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and
reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration. 

5. INDEMNIFICATION
 FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL 

Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Agreement, but subject to Section 27 , to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitee s
Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of
any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify,
hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. If
Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than
all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify, hold
harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection
with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably
incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes
of this Section 5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with
or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 

6. INDEMNIFICATION
 FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS 

Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, but subject to Section 27 , to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate
Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he or she shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably
incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith. 

7. ADDITIONAL
 INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS 

Notwithstanding
any limitation in Sections 3 , 4 or 5 , but subject to Section 27 , the Company shall, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a
party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses,
judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in
connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred
by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under this
 Section 7 on account of Indemnitee s conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitee s duty of loyalty to the Company
or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the
law. 

5 

8. CONTRIBUTION
 IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY 

(a) To
 the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification, hold harmless
 and/or exoneration rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in
 whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding
 harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred
 by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be
 paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring
 Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes
 any right of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee. 

(b) The
 Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly
 liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement
 provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee. 

(c) The
 Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any
 claims for contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company
 other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall seek payments
 or advances from the Company only to the extent that such payments or advances are unavailable
 from any insurance policy of the Company covering Indemnitee. 

9. EXCLUSIONS 

Notwithstanding
any provision in this Agreement, but subject to Section 27 , the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any
indemnification, advance Expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee: 

(a) for
 which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance
 policy or other indemnity or advancement provision, except with respect to any excess beyond
 the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity
 or advancement provision or otherwise; 

(b) for
 an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee
 of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act
 (or any successor rule) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or 

(c) except
 as otherwise provided in Sections 14(f) and (g) hereof, prior to a Change
 in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by
 Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee
 against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i)
 the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation
 or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in
 its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. 

6 

10. ADVANCES
 OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM 

(a) Notwithstanding
 any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, but subject to Section 27 , and
 to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses
 incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee
 within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the
 receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to
 time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent
 permitted by law, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted
 by law, be made without regard to Indemnitee s ability to repay the Expenses and without
 regard to Indemnitee s ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated
 under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable
 Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses
 incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed.
 To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of
 the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Company s receipt
 of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advanced amounts to the extent
 that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the
 Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or otherwise.
 If it shall be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication that Indemnitee
 was not so entitled to indemnification, any advancement shall be returned to the Company
 (without interest) by the Indemnitee. This Section 10(a) shall not apply to any claim
 made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment is
 excluded pursuant to Section 9 , but shall apply to any Proceeding referenced in Section
 9(b) prior to a final determination that Indemnitee is liable therefor. 

(b) The
 Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

(c) The
 Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would
 impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitee s
 prior written consent. 

11. PROCEDURE
 FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION 

(a) Indemnitee
 agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation,
 subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding,
 claim, issue or matter therein which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or
 exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee
 to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have
 to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise. 

(b) Indemnitee
 may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate
 Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from
 time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion.
 Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitee s
 entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12(a) of this
 Agreement. 

12. PROCEDURE
 UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION 

(a) A
 determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement
 to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods, which
 shall be at the election of Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors,
 even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of such directors designated
 by majority vote of such directors, (iii) if there are no Disinterested Directors or if such
 directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of
 which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (iv) by vote of the shareholders by ordinary resolution.
 The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination
 that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any
 reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee
 is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days
 after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons
 or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification,
 including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any
 documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure
 and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination.
 Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred
 by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination
 shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee s
 entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee
 harmless therefrom. 

7 

(b) In
 the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent
 Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected
 as provided in this Section 12(b) . The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee
 (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee
 shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel
 so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements
 of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this
 Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written
 notice to Indemnitee advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected
 and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent
 Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event,
 Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written
 notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as
 the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided , however ,
 that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected
 does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined
 in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity
 the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so
 selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated,
 the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until
 such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such
 objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of
 a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(b) hereof, no Independent
 Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may
 petition the Delaware Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by
 the Company or Indemnitee to the other s selection of Independent Counsel and/or for
 the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Delaware Court, and the
 person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall
 act as Independent Counsel under Section 12(a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of
 any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent
 Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject
 to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing). 

(c) The
 Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully
 indemnify and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims,
 liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant
 hereto. 

13. PRESUMPTIONS
 AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS 

(a) In
 making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person,
 persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to
 indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification
 in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the
 burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person,
 persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure
 of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have
 made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that
 indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable
 standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested
 Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of
 conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not
 met the applicable standard of conduct. 

8 

(b) If
 the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement
 to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination
 within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite
 determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
 law, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification,
 absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material
 fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not materially misleading, in connection
 with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or
 all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided , however ,
 that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional
 fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect
 to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining
 or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto. 

(c) The
 termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order,
 settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not
 (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the
 right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act
 in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed
 to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee
 had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 

(d) For
 purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in
 good faith if Indemnitee s action is based on the records or books of account of the
 Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the
 directors, manager, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the
 advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any
 director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, or on information or records
 given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director,
 trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, by an independent certified public
 accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any
 committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member.
 The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit
 in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met
 the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement. 

(e) The
 knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner,
 manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed
 to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. 

14. REMEDIES
 OF INDEMNITEE 

(a) In
 the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement
 that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement
 of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, is not timely made pursuant
 to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification
 shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30)
 days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification
 is not made pursuant to Sections 5 , 6 , 7 or the last sentence of Section
 12(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written
 request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section
 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or
 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been
 made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant
 to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made
 in accordance with this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a
 written request therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Delaware
 Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or advancement rights.
 Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his or her option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted
 by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures
 of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the Commercial Arbitration
 Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration Association shall apply to
 any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee s right to seek any such
 adjudication or award in arbitration. 

9 

(b) In
 the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this
 Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or
 arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects
 as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced
 by reason of that adverse determination. 

(c) In
 any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 ,
 Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated
 to receive advancement of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden
 of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and to
 receive advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or
 introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement
 adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration
 pursuant to this Section 14 , Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the
 Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made
 with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights
 of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

(d) If
 a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that
 Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination
 in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 ,
 absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material
 fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not materially misleading, in connection
 with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under
 applicable law. 

(e) The
 Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced
 pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement
 are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any
 such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

(f) The
 Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law
 against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the
 Company s receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent
 permitted by applicable law, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection
 with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee: (i) to enforce his or
 her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification,
 hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Articles
 now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained
 by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee
 ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration
 right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial
 proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith). 

(g) Interest
 shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under New York law for amounts
 which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless or exonerates, or advances, or is obliged to
 indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing with the date
 on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution,
 reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment
 is made to Indemnitee by the Company. 

10 

15. SECURITY 

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, but subject to Section 27 , to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the
Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Company s obligations hereunder through an
irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked
or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee. 

16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY;
 SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION; PRIORITY OF OBLIGATIONS 

(a) The
 rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other
 rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles,
 any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment,
 alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict
 any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of
 when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) or claim, issue or matter
 therein arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in
 his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent
 that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater
 indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would
 be afforded currently under the Articles or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without
 any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to
 require that the Company indemnifies the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law.
 No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy,
 and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right
 and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise.
 The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent
 the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

(b) The
 Articles permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection
 or make other arrangements including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter
 of credit, or surety bond Indemnification Arrangements on behalf
 of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or her or incurred by or on behalf
 of him or her in such capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company,
 or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power
 to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement and
 the Articles. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement
 shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee
 under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery
 of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the
 rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such
 Indemnification Arrangement. 

(c) To
 the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability
 insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries,
 employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at
 the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance
 with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director,
 officer, trustee, partner, managers, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under
 such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a
 Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or
 otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company
 shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures
 set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter use commercially reasonable
 efforts to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a
 result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

11 

(d) In
 the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company, to the fullest extent permitted
 by law, shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery
 of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure
 such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company
 to bring suit to enforce such rights. No such payment by the Company shall be deemed to relieve
 any insurer of its obligations. 

(e) The
 Company s obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder
 to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer,
 trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise
 shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold
 harmless or exoneration payments or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding
 any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, but subject to Section 27 ,
 (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion
 any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage
 among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Company s
 satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company
 shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee
 holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless, exoneration,
 contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company. 

(f) Notwithstanding
 anything contained herein, the Company is the primary indemnitor, and any indemnification
 or advancement obligation of the Sponsor or its affiliates or members or any other Person
 is secondary. 

17. DURATION
 OF AGREEMENT 

All
agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer
of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and
shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and
any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his or her Corporate Status, whether
or not he or she is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement
can be provided under this Agreement. 

18. SEVERABILITY 

If
any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any
section paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not
itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest
extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable
law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of
this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such
provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as
to give effect to the intent manifested thereby. 

12 

19. ENFORCEMENT
 AND BINDING EFFECT 

(a) The
 Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed
 the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director,
 officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying
 upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company. 

(b) Without
 limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Articles of the Company as they may be
 amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
 hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and
 understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the
 subject matter hereof. 

(c) The
 indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by
 or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties
 hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor
 by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business
 and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a
 director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general
 partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at
 the Company s request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her
 spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

(d) The
 Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger,
 consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business
 and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to
 Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and
 to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had
 taken place. 

(e) The
 Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement,
 at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further
 agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto
 agree that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, enforce this Agreement
 by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without
 any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive
 relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining
 any other relief to which he or she may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree
 that Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be entitled to such specific
 performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions
 and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in
 connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or
 undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction, and the Company
 hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted
 by law. 

20. MODIFICATION
 AND WAIVER 

No
supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties hereto. No waiver
of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor
shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

13 

21. NOTICES 

All
notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given
(i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii)
if mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed: 

(a) If
 to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such
 other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company. 

(b) If
 to the Company, to: 

SDCL
EDGE Acquisition Corporation 
60 East 42 nd Street, Suite 1100 
New York, NY 10165 
Attention: Jonathan Maxwell 

With
a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to: 

Skadden,
Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom (UK) LLP 
40 Bank Street 
London E14 5DS 
United Kingdom 
Attn: Lorenzo Corte 

or
to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company. 

22. APPLICABLE
 LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 

This
Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of
the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant
to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in
the Delaware Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b)
consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection
with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court; and (d) waive,
and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an
improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the parties
hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided by
 Section 21 or in such other manner as may be permitted by law, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. 

23. IDENTICAL
 COUNTERPARTS 

This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought
needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. 

24. MISCELLANEOUS 

The
headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement
or to affect the construction thereof. 

25. PERIOD
 OF LIMITATIONS 

No
legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitee s
spouse, heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause
of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing
of a legal action within such two-year period; provided , however , that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise
applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern. 

14 

26. ADDITIONAL
 ACTS 

If
for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required to the fullest
extent permitted by law, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted
in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement. 

27. WAIVER
 OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT 

Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind (each, a Claim in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Company s
initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it
may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such
trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that any indemnification provided hereto will
only be able to be satisfied by the Company if (i) the Company has sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account to satisfy its obligations
hereunder or (ii) the Company consummates a Business Combination. 

28. MAINTENANCE
 OF INSURANCE 

The
Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is
obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide
the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Company s performance
of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with
its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In
all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same
rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Company s directors and officers. 

[ Signature
Pages Follow ] 

15 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed as of the day and year first above written. 

SDCL EDGE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Ned Davis 

Name: 
 Ned Davis 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

[ Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement ] 

16 

INDEMNITEE 

/s/ Karl E. Olsoni 

Name: 
 Karl E. Olsoni 

Address: 

[ Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement ] 

17 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 sdcledge_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a)
AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jonathan Maxwell, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(c) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/ Jonathan Maxwell 

Jonathan Maxwell 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 sdcledge_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a)
AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ned Davis, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(c) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/ Ned Davis 

Ned Davis 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 sdcledge_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending
December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify,
in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/ Jonathan Maxwell 

Jonathan Maxwell 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 sdcledge_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of SDCL EDGE Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending
December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify,
in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Ned Davis 

Ned Davis 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sedau-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sedau-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sedau-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sedau-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

