<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230214_10-K_edgar_data_1021860_0000950170-23-002767.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29022570</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>290607</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3037566</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15287186</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2966435</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6662571</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-002767.hdr.sgml : 20230214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214153212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-002767
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NOV Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001021860
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL & GAS FILED MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3533]
		IRS NUMBER:				760475815
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12317
		FILM NUMBER:		23627992

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10353 RICHMOND AVE.
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042
		BUSINESS PHONE:		346-223-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10353 RICHMOND AVE.
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050311

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NATIONAL OILWELL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960829

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-002767.txt : 20230214

10-K
 1
 nov-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

1 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark one) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED , 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 Emerging growth company 

Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was billion. As of February 3, 2023, there were shares of the Company s common stock 0.01 par value) outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

FORM 10-K 
 PART I 
 ITEM 1.	B USINESS 
 General 
 NOV Inc. NOV or the Company is a leading independent equipment and technology provider to the global energy industry. Originally founded in 1862, NOV and its predecessor companies have spent 161 years helping transform oil and gas field development and improving its cost-effectiveness, efficiency, safety, and environmental impact. Over the past few decades, the Company has pioneered and refined key technologies to improve the economic viability of frontier resources, including unconventional and deepwater oil and gas. More recently, by applying its deep expertise and technology, the company has helped advance the transition toward sustainable energy. 
 NOV s extensive proprietary technology portfolio supports the industry s full-field drilling, completion, and production needs. With unmatched cross-segment capabilities, scope, and scale, NOV continues to develop and introduce technologies that further enhance the economics and efficiencies of energy production, with a focus on automation, predictive analytics, and condition-based maintenance. 
 NOV serves major-diversified, national, and independent service companies, contractors, and energy producers in 62 countries, operating under three segments: Wellbore Technologies, Completion Production Solutions, and Rig Technologies. 
 Business Strategy and Competitive Strengths 
 NOV s primary business objective is to generate above-average, long-term capital returns and further enhance its position as a leading independent global energy technology and equipment provider by delivering technologies, equipment, and services that help lower the marginal cost and environmental footprint associated with energy development and production from oil, gas, and renewable sources. NOV s strategy is to capitalize on economies of scale that arise from its position as a leading provider of equipment and technology to the global energy industry; proprietary technology it continues to develop; and core capabilities and competencies it can apply toward advancing the energy transition. NOV also believes its manufacturing business model is less asset and capital intensive than most other participants in the energy industry. 
 Leverage NOV s advantages of size, scope, scale, and market position 
 NOV s position as a leading independent global energy technology and equipment provider affords several competitive advantages, including: 
 Economies of scale in procurement and manufacturing . NOV s global leadership and footprint, spanning almost every major oil and gas market, provides the Company with economies of scale, enabling development of a unique global supply chain, which allows materials procurement from lower-cost sources. The Company s global manufacturing footprint and diverse production flexibility also enables NOV to rapidly adapt to demand changes, efficiently leverage manufacturing capacity in high-demand areas, and manufacture goods in lower-cost jurisdictions. NOV s geographic diversity also reduces potential revenue volatility from shifts in activity location, regional differences in energy prices, and adverse weather events. 
 Scope and scale for distribution and marketing. With operations in 62 countries, NOV has developed an efficient worldwide distribution network and relationships with virtually every oil and gas producer, service company, and contractor. NOV uses its customer relationships and distribution capabilities to accelerate the commercialization of new products and technologies. NOV also routinely develops technologies for the global marketplace where the Company s infrastructure allows for quick market penetration and creation of a first-mover advantage with standardized operations around certain products. 
 Reputation, experience, and benefits of fleet standardization. NOV believes its reputation and experience make its products a lower-risk purchase for customers. The Company benefits from customer efforts to standardize training, maintenance, and spare parts, resulting in reduced downtime and inventory-stocking requirements, lower training costs, and better safety. Customers may prefer standardized equipment from NOV, a well-capitalized market leader with which they can enter into long-term service agreements that offer big-data analytics and condition monitoring to maximize uptime and reduce the total cost of equipment ownership. 
 Large installed base of equipment. As a leading original equipment manufacturer OEM for oil and gas operations, NOV believes it is well positioned to provide aftermarket support for its large base of installed equipment. Most service companies prefer, and many of their customers demand, OEM aftermarket support. Customers frequently encounter higher risk and cost when they purchase and use potentially incompatible products from different vendors, particularly where products must interact through complex interfaces, which are common sources of failures and unplanned costs. Additionally, certain past events have increased the industry s risk profile with government regulatory bodies, which have shown a strong preference for OEM service contractor critical equipment maintenance. 
 2 

Digital products and technologies. NOV s size, scale, and breadth of knowledge provide inherent competitive advantages in technology relative to smaller, less-diversified organizations. NOV s proficiencies in building capital equipment, control systems, sensors, field instrumentation, and data acquisition systems provide for unique comprehensive digital energy solutions development. Additionally, NOV s well-established, global field-service infrastructure affords the Company a distinct capability and advantage in the commercialization and support required to deploy digital solutions that must collect, aggregate, and transmit field-level data from complex machinery and equipment in harsh environments. NOV is investing considerable time and resources to develop its Max TM platform and Max TM edge devices, which enable large-scale collection, aggregation, and big-data analytics of real-time equipment and process data, both at the edge and in the cloud. While this platform s initial application was a predictive analytics and condition-based equipment-monitoring solution, it is also the edge-focused backbone of the Company s data services and software solutions and is used for monitoring, analyzing, and optimizing many of the Company s manufacturing operations. 
 
 Develop proprietary technologies and solutions that assist oil and gas operators in reducing their marginal cost of supply 
 NOV strives to further develop its substantial technology portfolio and is known for developing innovative customer productivity solutions. The Company is well positioned to introduce breakthrough technologies that enhance efficiencies and address industry needs, to generate strong returns. The Company believes its cross-business-unit expertise uniquely positions NOV to pioneer proprietary technologies across its business lines. For example, NOV s Wellbore Technologies and Rig Technologies segments jointly introduced closed-loop drilling technologies, which link real-time data from the well bottom to drilling rig controls and use machine learning to drive greater efficiency. NOV works closely with customers to identify needs, and its technical experts use internal capabilities to develop value-added technologies. 
 Capitalize on and drive end-market fragmentation 
 Technology and product availability to all industry participants is a key tenet of NOV s business model. To the extent NOV can provide equipment and technology products that are equal to or better than those developed by service providers, it will prevent any one organization from having a proprietary advantage and therefore drive fragmentation. This fragmentation expands NOV s customer base and avoids customer concentration in most of its businesses. NOV has resisted the recent trend toward vertical integration, leaving the Company in an attractive and unique position as the largest global independent technology and equipment provider to the oilfield service sector. Governments in certain international markets are pursuing initiatives that drive local content and greater local employment. The Company expects that these actions will likely prompt more local startup enterprises, further expanding demand for NOV s equipment. 
 Leverage core capabilities and competencies to assist customers in efforts to reduce environmental footprint and advance energy transition initiatives 
 NOV s engineering expertise, complex global supply chain management, low-cost manufacturing, and large-scale energy infrastructure development support provide unique capabilities to assist customers with energy transition advancement. The Company has pioneered numerous innovations that help reduce emissions, including its recently introduced Ideal eFrac equipment, which significantly reduces emissions and lowers costs associated with hydraulic stimulation, and its PowerBlade Kinetic Energy Recovery System, which recaptures energy from cranes, winches, and draw-works. NOV is also a leading geothermal equipment and technology provider, offering a broad array of tools and equipment specifically designed for the ultra-harsh conditions associated with geothermal development. Additionally, with expertise in offshore heavy-lift equipment and naval architectural design, the Company is the leading equipment and technology provider for purpose-built vessels used to build, install, and maintain offshore wind towers and turbines. The Company sees promise in development and commercialization of novel products and technologies to improve the efficiencies and economics of land and offshore-based wind, geothermal power generation, and carbon capture and sequestration (See Energy Transition below). 
 Employ a capital-light business model with the ability to quickly scale operations 
 NOV s manufacturing facilities require relatively low investment and maintenance expenses versus the sales they enable. NOV manufactures a diverse line of products and improves efficiency by shifting production runs to high-demand or lowest-cost facilities. The Company also benefits from a customer base requiring technically complex equipment for use in extreme environments. Using sophisticated tools to precisely place a wellbore several miles into the earth, and then physically cracking open reservoir rock using large volumes of highly abrasive fluids pumped at extremely high pressures, is incredibly rough on equipment, creating recurring sales opportunities for equipment replacement and aftermarket sales and service. 
 NOV s infrastructure leverages the energy industry s cyclicality. As commodity prices rise, the industry typically enters an expansionary phase, and equipment orders increase. NOV is able to ramp up manufacturing capacity quickly to capture the up-cycle value while meeting customer demand. During down-cycles, the Company s focus is internal efficiency and technological advancement. NOV s continuous pursuit of cyclical technological initiatives enhances its ability to drive long-term customer and shareholder value. The 
 3 

Company also outsources non-critical machining operations with lower tolerance requirements during increased activity and brings the machining operations back into Company-owned facilities during down-cycles for lower cost and effective utilization. 
 Employ a conservative capital structure with ample liquidity to capitalize on volatility associated with the oil and gas industry 
 NOV maintains a conservative capital structure with an investment-grade credit rating and ample liquidity. The Company carefully manages its capital structure by continuously monitoring cash flow, capital spending, and debt capacity. Maintaining financial strength inspires confidence from customers who make large purchase commitments delivered over multi-year timeframes and who expect NOV to support their equipment with OEM aftermarket parts and services for decades to come. NOV s strong balance sheet provides flexibility to execute its strategy, including advancing technological offerings, through industry volatility and commodity price cycles. The Company intends to maintain a conservative approach to balance sheet management to preserve operational and strategic flexibility. 
 Energy Transition 
 As a leading independent global energy technology and equipment provider, NOV can be a key participant in the world s transition to a low-carbon future. While oil and gas will remain critical to many parts of the global economy, the transition to clean, carbon-neutral energy sources represents an enormous economic opportunity for organizations that can improve the economic competitiveness of renewable energy. The International Energy Agency estimates that approximately 71 trillion, or 3.4 trillion per year, must be spent by 2040 for global CO2 emissions to decline 50 percent as outlined in the Paris Agreement. NOV is working to develop proprietary solutions to improve project execution, drive higher capital returns, and lower levelized costs of energy LCOE, which is a measure of the average net present cost of electricity generation over a source s lifetime) associated with renewable energy. 
 Fixed Offshore Wind 
 NOV has drawn on its expertise in oil and gas jack-up vessel design, robust aftermarket network, and strong reputation in marine equipment design to become the leading global equipment and design provider for offshore wind turbine installation vessels. NOV s comprehensive offerings include designing and manufacturing critical jacking systems, cranes, and mooring equipment; developing and licensing vessel designs; working closely with shipyards to install and commission equipment on wind installation vessels; and aftermarket parts, service, and repair. The Company expects an upcoming growth period in the global offshore wind installation vessel market, driven primarily by the need for larger vessels required to support the installation of wind turbines with increasingly large rotor diameters, nacelle weights, and hub heights. The vessels required to install modern, heavier nacelles at higher hub heights are similar to those previously designed by NOV and are relatively consistent across global geographies. Additionally, as U.S. fixed offshore wind projects approach final permitting approval, the need for Jones Act-compliant wind installation vessels will become more urgent. As a result, the Company is well-positioned to capture additional orders associated with future newbuild wind installation vessels. 
 Floating Offshore Wind 
 The Company believes that the nascent floating offshore wind market presents one of the great renewable resource opportunities of the next decade. NOV is actively developing new products and technologies to support this industry alongside its legacy portfolio, which includes cranes, winches, mooring systems, cable-lay systems, ballasting systems, and chain connectors and tensioners. NOV has developed a patent-pending Tri-Floater semi-submersible floating foundation that requires less steel than competing offerings. NOV is also designing several proprietary lifting and handling tools for streamlined turbine component installation. Today, the floating offshore wind market sits in the pre-commercial development phase, with industry players focused on proofs of concept and mitigating execution risk. NOV is working to become a value-added partner capable of meaningfully reducing project execution risk by leveraging the Company s broad and growing portfolio of relevant technology, extensive track record of successfully managing complex marine projects, relationships with global shipyards, and robust global supply chain accustomed to stringent quality and traceability. 
 Onshore Wind 
 NOV is developing technology to lower onshore wind s LCOE by economically constructing increasingly tall wind towers. Higher hub heights allow turbines to reach stronger winds, significantly increasing energy capture, lowering energy cost, and expanding the regions where wind projects can be profitably developed. Higher hub heights are also required for larger, more efficient turbines. The combination of larger turbines and steadier, higher winds improves wind farm economics. Consequently, wind turbine size and tower height have been increasing steadily for several years. NOV s core design and manufacturing competencies for large, industrial capital equipment, including cranes, lifting tools, and rotating machinery, uniquely position NOV to develop fit-for-purpose wind components and installation equipment to facilitate building onshore wind turbines at higher hub heights. 
 In 2019, NOV acquired a minority interest in Keystone Tower Systems KTS ), which has developed a patented tapered spiral-welding process that enables automated wind tower section production. If perfected, this proprietary process could significantly decrease tower 
 4 

section production times and reduce costs. Additionally, in time the process could enable in-field manufacturing operations, which could reduce costs and eliminate many logistical limitations of transporting the larger-diameter sections necessary for tall tower developments. KTS s first commercial line is currently undergoing testing and commissioning before commercial production commences within NOV s facility in Pampa, TX. 
 NOV is developing a fit-for-purpose onshore wind tower erection system. Constructing onshore wind towers currently requires large crawler cranes, which provide advantaged mobility at low and moderate hub heights but are significantly less efficient at high hub heights. NOV s technology, built upon the intellectual property, control systems, and experience developed through mobile desert and arctic drilling rig design, uses a tower crane in conjunction with a unique mobility system. This patent-pending combination creates a structurally-sound, mobile tower crane that is expected to significantly improve the safety, reliability, and efficiency of tall wind tower installation processes. 
 Geothermal 
 Today, many of NOV s oil and gas products are used for drilling geothermal wells which produce steam that turns surface-mounted turbines to generate electricity. NOV s top drives, blowout preventers, drill pipe, drill pipe inspection and coating, liner hangers, completion tools, drill bits, and full land rig packages have been a critical part of global geothermal development. Further, with geothermal power generation s recently renewed traction, NOV has developed new proprietary products that address many unique geothermal production challenges and is investigating certain novel geothermal energy forms that could expand the worldwide geothermal power generation market. 
 Carbon Capture and Sequestration 
 NOV is positioned to play a meaningful role in the growing carbon capture and sequestration industry. Technology from NOV s Wellstream Processing business enables CO2-from-hydrocarbon separation, dehydration, and liquification, all vital parts of the carbon capture chain. In addition, the APL business s turret and mooring systems facilitate the development of offshore carbon re-injection sites. 
 Lowering the Carbon and Environmental Footprint of the Oil Gas Industry 
 NOV is committed to providing products and services that economically reduce carbon intensity and deliver superior performance. The Company has pioneered numerous solutions for improving the industry s safety and environmental footprint, including NOV s closed-loop solids control systems, dual-containment flowline technologies, solar pumping systems, and hydrocarbon leak detection systems, among others. NOV remains committed to reducing emissions and improving industry sustainability. 
 NOV s PowerBlade Kinetic Energy Recovery System is a regenerative braking technology that utilizes both flywheel energy and lithium-ion battery energy storage to significantly reduce fuel consumption and emissions associated with drilling and hoisting. The PowerBlade system captures and regenerates electrical energy that would have previously dissipated as heat when a drawworks, crane, or winch slows and stops. The PowerBlade system then returns this energy when needed. 
 NOV's Maestro smart configurable power management system helps operators reduce fuel consumption while maintaining safe drilling operations. The Maestro system effectively calculates and determines the optimized and safe level of required power generation real-time. The Maestro system functions in real-time with the ongoing rig operations and optimizes power consumption on the rig to reduce emissions. 
 NOV s Ecoboost system enables peak power shaving in hydraulic power systems and results in less active pumps needed which results in reduced fuel consumption and emissions savings of up to 80 . The short term power peaks are covered with flow from accumulators connected to the ringline piping by a smart valve. An added benefit of Ecoboost is improved equipment performances as the hydraulic response is quicker from the accumulators than from ramping up the pumps. 
 NOV s iNOVaTHERM waste management system incorporates thermal desorption technology that efficiently minimizes and treats drilling waste at the source for safe on-site disposal, significantly reducing carbon-emitting activities, such as barge vessel trips, crane lifts, and trucking transport. NOV s advanced waste management systems with real-time monitoring play an integral role in reducing the risks associated with waste in transit and decreasing the industries' overall emissions operations. 
 NOV s Ideal eFrac pressure pumping equipment delivers advanced well stimulation technology to dramatically reduce emissions and decrease ownership cost. The patent-pending Ideal eFrac system enhances wellsite safety by reducing complexity and removing personnel from hazardous environments. In addition to lower operating emissions and greater power density, the Ideal eFrac system is less disruptive to neighboring communities due to its reduced noise and smaller footprint, requiring 40 percent fewer truckloads for delivery. 
 5 

NOV s eDrive system for wireline skids and hybrid wireline trucks provides a more sustainable solution for interventions by making customers operations less impactful on the environment and strengthening regulatory compliance. 
 Business Segment Overview 
 NOV executes its business strategy under the following three segments: 
 Wellbore Technologies provides the critical technologies, equipment, and services required to maximize customer oil and gas drilling efficiencies and economics. The segment contains the following business units: 
 Downhole is a leading independent drilling and intervention equipment supplier with engineering teams, manufacturing facilities, supply hubs, and service centers situated in oil and gas activity regions with a constantly evolving product portfolio that includes downhole drilling motors, SelectShift TM motors, agitator systems, and fishing and thru-tubing tools. Downhole s offerings enable significant efficiency increases in drilling, workover, and intervention. 

Tuboscope is a tubular coating and inspection leader, servicing drill-pipe and other oil country tubular goods OCTG such as casing, production tubing, and line pipe. With an 80-year track record, Tuboscope offers a fully integrated inspection, coating, and repair process that enables critical OCTG customer confidence. In addition, Tuboscope offers artificial lift rod solutions, line-pipe connection systems, pipe thread protection systems, and RFID technology for complete drill-pipe lifecycle management. 

Grant Prideco is a leading premium drill-stem tubular manufacturer. With an integrated supply chain and an array of premium drill-pipe connections, Grant Prideco offers one-stop shopping. Grant Prideco leverages its expertise in metallurgy and connection technologies to offer an innovative product portfolio ranging from the simplest vertical land well to deepwater, extended-reach, high-pressure/high-temperature, and factory-drilling applications. 

IntelliServ's commercial telemetry network enables real-time broadband data transmission for instantaneous two-way communication between the bottomhole assembly and surface control system utilizing wired drill-pipe. IntelliServ TM telemetry enables real-time information, real-time bottom-hole pressure monitoring, and significant rig-time savings as surveys, downlinks, slide orientations, and other data-driven activities are performed in seconds. 

Directional Drilling Technologies is a designer and manufacturer of downhole tools and technologies for directional drilling operations. Directional Drilling Technologies measurement-while-drilling tools enable real-time wellbore location monitoring, and its logging-while-drilling tools provide real-time critical formation data. Its rotary-steerable-systems, including tools with closed-loop directional control, enable directional well trajectory drilling at high rates of penetration with limited surface interaction. As an independent supplier, Directional Drilling Technologies provides critical technologies required for efficient directional well drilling and enables service companies, drilling contractors, and E P operators worldwide to deliver productive wells cost-effectively and reliably. 

WellSite Services is a leading provider of solids control and waste management equipment and services, advanced wellhead cellar systems, managed-pressure-drilling systems, and wellsite logistics solutions. WellSite Services manufactures, sells, and rents highly engineered solids control equipment and provides field services that improve customers bottom line by efficiently separating solids and reclaiming drilling fluids for reuse. After separating drill cuttings, WellSite Services provides waste management (both onsite and at centralized locations), including transport and storage. Additionally, Wellsite Services provides water management solutions, and managed pressure drilling services, combined with a network of wellsite experts who support operators in bringing their wells in on-time and on-budget. WellSite Services offers diversified resources to help manage the full wellsite lifecycle from initial preparation and cellar installation to worksite abandonment and remediation, including generators, temperature-control equipment, and other wellsite accessories. 

ReedHycalog is a premier technical provider of performance-engineered drill bits and borehole enlargement products to help operators improve well construction efficiency and economics. The specialized product base centers on directly breaking the rock during rotary drilling operations, primarily through design, manufacturing, sales and rentals of high-quality, customized fixed cutter drill bits and the use of industry-leading cutter technology. The portfolio also includes roller cone drill bits, borehole enlargement tools that excel in the most demanding applications, and geographically focused coring tools and services. 

M/D Totco is a leading independent provider of data and digital solutions to the energy industry. Supported by a global field service infrastructure and a sensor network designed for harsh environments, M/D Totco s ability to acquire, aggregate and deliver real-time data, to enable edge and cloud analytics improves safety, remote monitoring, and operational efficiency for its drilling and completions customers. Using IntelliServ wired drill pipe telemetry services, M/D Totco harnesses NOV s unique ability to connect electronic tools downhole with surface automation equipment to transform drilling performance using highspeed downhole data. 

6 

Completion Production Solutions provides critical technologies to optimize the well completion process and production phase of a well s lifecycle. Completion Production Solutions business units include: 
 Intervention and Stimulation Equipment ISE designs and manufactures capital equipment, related consumables, and digital products for oilfield pressure pumpers, coiled tubing, wireline, and well testing/flowback service companies. For hydraulic stimulation jobs, ISE produces both conventional and multiple next-generation-technology configurations of high-pressure fracturing pumping units, along with complex process equipment such as hydration units, chemical additive systems, blenders, and control systems. The business unit produces essential consumables to support pressure pumping spreads, including centrifugal pumps, valves, seats, and flowline equipment. Along with providing surface well-testing and flowback equipment for ultimate production assurance, the unit designs and manufactures cement pumping, mixing, transport, and storage equipment for well construction. ISE is also a leading provider of coiled tubing units and strings, pressure control and nitrogen support equipment, injector heads, and snubbing units. The business unit designs and manufactures wireline products for electric and slickline applications, including critical pressure control equipment like wireline lubricators. Through NOV's Max TM platform for digital solutions, ISE can leverage its integrated control systems and data acquisition services, at site and remotely, to provide comprehensive equipment status and quality operational process insights for the entire completions job, to optimize job efficiency and extend the equipment life. ISE supports all its equipment with comprehensive repair, recertification, and other services through an unmatched global aftermarket facilities network. 

Fiber Glass Systems FGS leads the market in the design, manufacture, and delivery of high-end composite piping systems, pressure vessels, tanks, and structures engineered to solve both corrosion and weight challenges. With manufacturing facilities spanning five continents and a sales and distribution network covering 40 countries, FGS serves a wide array of applications. In addition to oil and gas products, including composite downhole tubing and casing, high-pressure line pipe, spoolable pipe, and tanks, FGS supplies the marine and offshore industry with piping systems, scrubbers, and structural components such as handrails and grating. FGS also supplies packaged, UL-certified fiberglass pipe and tank solutions to the fuel handling market, as well as supporting chemical, industrial, hydrogen, and mining applications with corrosion and abrasion-resistant piping systems, tanks, and structural components. 

Process and Flow Technologies PFT provides integrated processing, production, and pumping equipment to energy producers. For the production space, PFT manufactures reciprocating, multistage, and progressive cavity pumps, as well as artificial lift systems. For the midstream space, PFT manufactures closures and transfer pumps. For fluid processing, PFT designs and manufactures integrated systems that provide water treatment, separation, sand management, hydrate inhibition and gas processing for use both on and offshore. Building on its processing equipment portfolio, PFT offers turret mooring systems, top side process modules, integrated engineering, and project management to supply comprehensive topside solutions for the offshore production industry, including floating production, storage, and offloading FPSO and floating liquified natural gas FLNG vessels. Using our extensive processing expertise, PFT is now moving into the Carbon Capture market with both carbon capture technology and complementary processing technologies such as CO2 dehydration. 

Certain products and systems are integrated with monitoring and optimization services, leveraging NOV s Max TM digital ecosystem. These services include real-time condition monitoring, remote control, data analytics, condition-based maintenance, and process optimization, which improve performance and enable more proactive aftermarket support. 
 Subsea Production Systems SPS provides technical innovation to reduce cost and improve subsea infrastructure and customer productivity. The business unit manufactures flexible subsea pipe systems designed to operate worldwide in demanding offshore conditions. Flexible pipes are highly engineered, complex, helically wound structures composed of multiple unbonded steel and composite layers, allowing them to withstand the demanding pressures and tensile loads of deepwater production while remaining resistant to wave- and tidal-induced fatigue. SPS also provides an assortment of critical subsea production equipment, such as water injection and tie-in connector systems, subsea storage units, and other related products. SPS also supports offshore wind developments and the electrification of offshore infrastructure by providing accessories for dynamic power cables. 

XL Systems XLS provides integral and weld-on connectors for oil and gas applications, including conductor strings, surface casing, and liners, with diameters ranging from 16 to 72 inches. XLS is the sole provider of a proprietary line of wedge thread connections on large-bore pipe. In addition, XLS supplies connector products with threads machined on high strength forging material and then welded to the pipe. 

7 

Completion Tools solves the most pressing needs of the global completions marketplace, including lowering well cost through operational efficiency maximization, significant water consumption reduction, and increased production and ultimate recovery. Completion Tools technologies include multistage frac products, such as its proprietary BPS TM (Burst Port System), VapR TM dissolvable frac plug, i-Frac CEM TM multistage frac sleeve, Voyager TM Open Hole frac sleeve, and Bullmastiff TM frac system, which incorporates sand-control capabilities. The breadth of these offerings provides customers with optimal solutions for their application. Completion Tools also provides well construction technologies, including liner hangers and real-time optimization solutions such as iCon TM RT. 

Fluid Motion Systems is a leading provider of specialized, technology-driven progressive cavity pumps and mixers for moving high-viscosity liquids for a variety of attractive end markets with high failure cost. Products include progressive cavity pumps for sludge movement, fluid metering, and sanitation sold under the Moyno and Mono brands; and industrial and static mixers, homogenizers, mixing systems, impellers, and agitators sold under the Chemineer, Kenics, Greerco, and Prochem brands. Marketed under globally recognized brands known for quality and reliability and backed by more than 75 years of advanced fluid-handling experience, Industrial Pumps and Mixers serves a wide breadth of end markets, including biogas, food and beverage, water/wastewater, chemical, mineral processing, pulp paper, pharmaceutical, and general industrial processes. 

Pole Products provides premium products to support connectivity, lighting, and power for municipal and residential applications, including 5G, smart-city infrastructure, roads and highways, and energy-grid modernization. The business unit is a national leading manufacturer of premium spun-cast concrete, tapered steel, and innovative fiberglass poles for diverse applications. Known for durability, aesthetic design, superior lead times, and differentiated field services, Pole Products provides bundled installed products to the telecom, utility, and transportation infrastructure markets. 

Rig Technologies is the global leader in the engineering, manufacturing, and support of advanced drilling equipment packages and related capital equipment for oil and gas wells. The segment also designs, builds, installs, and supports renewable energy equipment and technology, with a focus on wind and solar. Rig Technologies operates two business units: 
 Rig Equipment designs, manufactures, and sells land rigs, complete offshore drilling packages, and rig components designed to mechanize and automate complex drilling rig processes, including the NOVOS TM automation control system and ATOM TM RTX Robotics solutions. Rig Equipment s portfolio includes designs that changed the way rigs are operated, such as the TDS top drive drilling system and automated roughneck. The product portfolio has evolved with market needs and includes solutions to reduce energy consumption and enable energy regeneration, resulting in reduced drilling environmental impact. The business unit also provides comprehensive aftermarket products and services to maximize rig fleet drilling uptime and reduce total cost of ownership through big-data analytics, condition monitoring, and digital solutions like TrackerVision TM and eHawk TM that enable efficient remote support. Aftermarket offerings include upgrades of existing equipment and systems, spare parts, repair, and rentals, as well as comprehensive remote equipment monitoring, technical support, field service, and customer training through an extensive aftermarket facilities network strategically located in major drilling areas around the world. 

Marine Construction designs, engineers, and manufactures heavy-lift cranes; a large range of knuckle-boom and lattice-boom cranes, including active heave options; mooring, anchor, and deck-handling machinery; a full range of jacking systems both for drilling rigs and wind turbine installation jack-ups; and solutions for installing offshore wind towers and turbines, pipelay, and construction vessel systems. Within Marine Construction, GustoMSC provides design solutions for drilling jack-ups and floaters, wind turbine installation jack-ups, and floating offshore wind solutions like the TriFloater. Marine Construction serves the oil and gas industry as well as wind energy and other marine-based end markets. This business unit also provides aftermarket support, including upgrades of existing equipment, spare parts, repair and field services. 

See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for financial information by segment and a geographical revenue and long-lived asset breakout. We have also included a glossary of oilfield terms at the end of Item 1. Business of this Annual Report. 
 Markets and Competition 
 The Company s customers are predominantly service companies, oil and gas companies, and shipyards. Products within Wellbore Technologies and Completion Production Solutions are sold and rented worldwide through NOV s sales force and through commissioned representatives. Substantially all of Rig Technologies capital equipment and spare parts sales, and a large portion of smaller pumps and parts sales, are made through NOV s direct sales force and distribution service centers. Sales to foreign oil companies are often made with or through representative arrangements. 
 The Company s competition consists primarily of publicly traded oilfield service and equipment companies and smaller independent equipment manufacturers in the oil and gas, industrial, and renewable energy equipment markets. 
 8 

The Company s foreign operations, which include significant operations in the Middle East, Africa, Latin America, the Far East, Canada and Europe are subject to the risks normally associated with conducting business in foreign countries, including foreign currency exchange risks and uncertain political and economic environments, which may limit or disrupt markets, restrict the movement of funds or result in the deprivation of contract rights or the taking of property without fair compensation. Government-owned oil and gas companies located in some of the countries in which the Company operates have adopted policies (or are subject to governmental policies) giving preference to the purchase of goods and services from companies that are majority-owned by local nationals. As a result of such policies, the Company relies on joint ventures, license arrangements, and other business combinations with local nationals in these countries. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding geographic revenue information. 
 Influence of Oil and Gas Activity Levels on the Company s Business 
 The oil and gas industry has historically experienced significant volatility. Demand for the Company s products and services depends primarily upon the general level of activity in the oil and gas industry worldwide. Oil and gas activity is in turn heavily influenced by, among other factors, oil and gas prices worldwide. High levels of drilling and well remediation generally spurs demand for the Company s products and services. Additionally, high levels of oil and gas activity increase cash flows available for oil and gas companies, drilling contractors, oilfield service companies, and manufacturers of OCTG to invest in equipment that the Company sells. 
 See additional discussion on the current worldwide economic environment and related oil and gas activity levels in Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Seasonal Nature of the Company s Business 
 Historically, activity levels of some of the Company s segments have followed seasonal trends to some degree. Extremely harsh winter weather can reduce oilfield operations in far northern or high-altitude locations, including parts of Colorado, Canada, Russia and China, and the annual thaw (or breakup in Canada makes some unimproved roads inaccessible to heavy equipment during part of each second quarter. Both situations temporarily reduce demand for the Company s products and services in the affected geographic area, although revenues generally recover once conditions improve. Fluctuations in customer s activity levels caused by national or customary holiday seasons and annual budgetary cycles can also affect their spending levels with the Company, leading to both temporary local decreases and increases in sales. Over the past few years, the Company has seen a more pronounced level of spending during the fourth quarter, and a decline in the first quarter, in certain of its businesses, which it believes is related to annual budgetary cycles. While the Company anticipates that the seasonal and other trends described above may continue, there can be no guarantee that spending by the Company s customers will continue to follow patterns seen in the past. 
 Research and New Product Development and Intellectual Property 
 The Company believes that it has been a leader in the development of new technology and equipment to enhance the safety and productivity of drilling and well servicing processes and that its sales and earnings have been dependent, in part, upon the successful introduction of new or improved products. It also invests in new technologies related to its non-oil and gas business as well as renewable energy-related technologies. Through its internal development programs and certain acquisitions, the Company has assembled an extensive array of technologies protected by a substantial number of trademarks, for both goods and services, patents, trade secrets, and other proprietary rights. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company held a substantial number of granted patents and pending patent applications worldwide, including U.S. patents and U.S. patent applications as well as patents and patent applications in a variety of other countries. Expiration dates of such patents range from 2023 to 2042. Additionally, the Company maintains a substantial number of trademarks for both goods and services and maintains a number of trade secrets. 
 Although the Company believes that this intellectual property has value, competitive products with different designs have been successfully developed and marketed by others. The Company considers the quality and timely delivery of its products, the service it provides to its customers, and the technical knowledge and skills of its personnel to be as important as its intellectual property in its ability to compete. While the Company stresses the importance of its research and development programs, the technical challenges and market uncertainties associated with the development and successful introduction of new products are such that there can be no assurance that the Company will realize future revenue from new products. 
 Manufacturing and Service Locations 
 The manufacturing processes for the Company s products generally consist of machining, welding and fabrication, heat treating, assembly of manufactured and purchased components, and testing. Most equipment is manufactured primarily from alloy steel. The availability and price of alloy steel castings, forgings, purchased components, and bar stock is critical to the production and timing of shipments. 
 9 

Wellbore Technologies designs, manufactures, rents, and sells a variety of equipment and technologies used to perform drilling operations, and offers services that optimize their performance, including: solids control and waste management equipment and services, drilling fluids, premium drillpipe, wired pipe, drilling optimization services, tubular inspection and coating services, instrumentation, downhole tools, and drill bits. Primary facilities are located in Houston, Conroe, Navasota, and Cedar Park, Texas; Veracruz, Mexico; Nisku, Canada; and Dubai, UAE. 
 Completion Production Solutions designs, manufactures, and integrates technologies for well completions, oil and gas production, and industrial markets. This includes equipment and technologies needed for hydraulic fracture stimulation, including pressure pumping trucks, blenders, sanders, hydration units, injection units, flowline, and manifolds; well intervention, including coiled tubing units, coiled tubing, and wireline units and tools; cementing products for pumping, mixing, transport, and storage; onshore production, including fluid processing, composite pipe, surface transfer and progressive cavity pumps, and artificial lift systems; and offshore production, including integrated production systems and subsea production technologies. Primary facilities are located in Houston, and Fort Worth, Texas; Tulsa, Oklahoma; Senai, Malaysia; Qingdau, Shandong, China; Kalundborg, Denmark; Superporto du Acu, Brazil; Manchester, England; Dammam, Saudi Arabia; Aberdeenshire, Scotland, UK; and Mt. Union, Pennsylvania. 
 Rig Technologies provides drilling rig components, complete land drilling rigs, and offshore drilling equipment packages. Primary manufacturing and service facilities are located in Houston, Texas; Dubai, UAE; Al Jubail, Saudi Arabia; New Iberia, Louisiana; Stavanger and Kristiansand, Norway; Mexicali, Mexico; Pune, India; and Singapore. 
 Raw Materials 
 The Company believes that materials and components used in its operations are generally available from multiple sources. The prices paid by the Company for its raw materials may be affected by, among other things, energy, steel, and other commodity prices; tariffs and duties on imported materials; and foreign currency exchange rates. The Company has experienced rising, declining, and stable prices for milled steel and standard grades in line with broader economic activity and has generally seen specialty alloy prices continue to rise, driven primarily by escalation in the price of the alloying agents. The Company has generally been successful in its effort to mitigate the financial impact of higher raw materials costs on its operations by applying surcharges to, and adjusting prices on, the products it sells. Higher prices and lower availability of steel and other raw materials the Company uses in its business may adversely impact future periods. 
 Backlog 
 The Company monitors its backlog of orders to guide its planning. Backlog includes orders which typically require more than three months to manufacture and deliver. 
 Backlog measurements are based on written orders that are firm but may be defaulted upon by the customer in some instances. Most require reimbursement to the Company for costs incurred in such an event. There can be no assurance that the backlog amounts will ultimately be realized as revenue, or that the Company will earn a profit on backlog work. Backlog for Completion Production Solutions at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 1.6 billion, 1.3 billion and 0.7 billion, respectively. Backlog for Rig Technologies at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was 2.8 billion, 2.8 billion and 2.7 billion, respectively. 
 Human Capital 
 NOV s 32,307 global, diverse employees use their skill and expertise to provide the products and services that help our customers operate safely, efficiently, sustainably, and competitively. NOV s team designs and manufactures a broad array of equipment and technology, from some of the heaviest, largest, and most complex mobile machines on earth (on and offshore drilling rigs, wind turbine installation ships, and FPSOs) to very small precision sensors and measuring devices. 
 NOV s employee base includes: 
 Inventors, designers, scientists, and engineers (including mechanical, electrical, chemical, hydraulic, materials, computer, software, data analytics, and other disciplines) who design and improve the equipment, electronics, software, services and process that bring value to NOV s customers. 

Technical sales, marketing and training professionals who educate customers, the industry, and our own organization about NOVs many products, services, and unique capabilities. 

Supply chain, logistics, warehousing, and quality testing professionals who ensure our factories, workshops, repair centers and field technicians have the right materials and tools to do their jobs efficiently. 

10 

Production and service planners and schedulers, project managers, and process design and Quality Health Safety and Environmental professionals who plan, manage, and monitor the activities of our workforce to ensure high-quality, efficient, safe, and environmentally compliant operations. 

Machinists, metal fabricators, welders, assemblers, pipe fitters, riggers, electronics technicians, system integrators, composite material fabricators, paint and industrial coatings specialists, and other skilled trade professionals who use a wide variety of industrial processes, tools, and techniques to transform raw materials and purchased components into the many products NOV sells. 

Field service engineers, mechanics, and technicians who maintain, service, repair, and upgrade NOV equipment and, in some cases, assist customers with its operation. 

Business leaders and managers who create business strategies and targets, assess goals and priorities, and allocate resources to ensure NOV s employees have the tools they need to get the job done and further build the Company s competitive advantages. 

Support function professionals, including: Information Technology, Human Resources, Legal, Compliance, Clerical, and Accounting and Finance who support operations to keep the business infrastructure and administrative burdens flowing. 

Thirty-six percent of NOV employees work in the United States, 21 in Europe, 15 in Latin America, 12 in the Asia Pacific region, 10 in the Middle East and Africa, 4 in Canada and 2 in China. The Company s 554 physical locations include various size manufacturing plants, research facilities, machine shops, office buildings, warehouses, and distribution centers where between 20 to 1,100 people work and repair shops, rental tool bases, sales offices and other small locations where between 5 to 200 people work. Many NOV employees travel to work at customer locations, including onshore and offshore drilling sites, shipyards, and other industrial locations where equipment needs installation, commissioning, service, or repair, or where customers need training or technical support. 
 NOV s success depends on these dedicated, skilled hardworking employees. The Company strongly believes that safeguarding and supporting the health, safety, diversity, respect, skills, career satisfaction and wellbeing of NOV s employees are critical to the success of the business. The Company s Human Resources and Health Safety and Environmental organizations provide policies, oversight, monitoring, resources, training, and assistance companywide that are designed to foster a culture that embraces this belief. 
 Safety 
 Protecting the health and safety of all stakeholders is a core value. NOV maintains comprehensive monitoring and tracking of reportable injuries, reviewed each quarter by our operating Segment Presidents with the CEO, CFO, and Chief HSE Officer (including significant injuries, root cause analysis, and remediation measures). Successful safety programs and campaigns are also shared across the Company s operations, including: 
 Stop Work Authority all NOV employees have the authority, responsibility, and duty to stop an unsafe act, practice, or job. 

Life Saving Rules standardized rules aligning NOV with industry partners to reduce the risk of serious injury or death associated with critical hazards in the workplace. 

Fresh-Eyes program coordinating safety walk-throughs, observations, and improvements at peer NOV facilities. 

Safety stand downs pausing normal operations for general safety meetings or to address a specific risk. 

Health and wellbeing 
 The Company offers locally competitive health benefits, paid holidays and time off, and retirement benefits to our employees. In the US this includes health, vision and dental insurance, life insurance, disability insurance, a 401(k)-retirement savings plan, an employee assistance program, and a wellness program. The Company suspended its employer contributions to the 401(k)-retirement savings plan during the pandemic but began reinstating the contributions during the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic NOV implemented programs tailored to each location that may include, among other things, working from home, virtual meetings, social distancing, masking, contact tracing and quarantining, facility and machine sanitizing, staggered work shifts, and staggered workdays. 
 Diversity and inclusion 
 NOV is committed to maintaining a diverse workforce, individual inclusion, and equal opportunities. The Company believes an employee base with different education, training, and life experiences (gender, age, religion, race, ethnicity, cultural background, sexual orientation, language, education, abilities, perspectives, etc.) can lead to more innovative and creative business solutions, more informed decision-making, greater employee engagement, and better retention and recruitment of top talent. 
 11 

In support of this commitment, NOV has communicated a Diversity and Inclusion Statement from the CEO to our employees and has implemented training programs covering the Company s Code of Conduct and Business Ethics, Unconscious Bias , and Harassment in the Workplace . 
 Across NOV s global workforce, women make up 15 of all employees, 22 of salaried employees, 10 of the C-Suite and hold 20 of the Company s Board of Directors seats. 
 Career satisfaction and skills 
 NOV tracks and monitors data on the employee experience including hiring, turnover, and promotion trends. The Company also obtains employee feedback through pulse surveys which measure employee satisfaction across several areas. Human resources managers and business managers across the Company review this information to identify areas for improvement and create remediation strategies. 
 The Company invests in opportunities for employee education, growth, and development, providing comprehensive training opportunities in technical, managerial, and soft skills. Some programs include: Powering Excellence designed for current and potential business leaders, Supervisor Training and Resources (STAR) and Leading Self and Others designed for new managers, as well as many other courses through the Company s dedicated Technical Training Centers based in Houston, Singapore, UAE, Norway, UK, and South America. 
 Available Information 
 The Company s principal executive offices are located at 10353 Richmond Avenue, Houston, Texas 77042. Its telephone number is (346) 223-3000. Further information about the Company s products and services can be found on its website at: www.nov.com. The Company s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol NOV . The Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all related amendments are available free of charge on the Investor Relations portion of the Company s website, www.nov.com/investor, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The Company s Code of Ethics is also posted on its website. The information posted on the Company s website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 12 

ITEM 1A.	RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below, in addition to other information contained or incorporated by reference herein. Realization of any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Industry Environment and Operations Related 
 We are dependent upon the level of activity in the oil and gas industry, which is volatile and has caused, and may cause future, fluctuations in our operating results. 
 The oil and gas industry historically has experienced significant volatility. Demand for our products and services depends primarily upon the number of oil rigs in operation, the number of oil and gas wells being drilled, the depth and drilling conditions of these wells, the volume of production, the number of well completions, capital expenditures of other oilfield service companies and the level of workover activity. Drilling and workover activity can fluctuate significantly in a short period, particularly in the United States and Canada. The willingness of oil and gas operators to make capital expenditures to explore for and produce oil and natural gas and the willingness of oilfield service companies to invest in capital equipment will continue to be influenced by numerous factors over which we have no control, including the: 
 current and anticipated future prices for oil and natural gas; 

volatility of prices for oil and natural gas; 

ability or willingness of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC and other countries, such as Russia, to maintain or influence price stability through voluntary production limits; 

sanctions and other restrictions placed on certain oil producing countries, such as Russia, Iran, and Venezuela; 

level of production by non-OPEC countries including production from U.S. shale plays; 

level of excess production capacity; 

cost of exploring for and producing oil and gas; 

level of drilling activity and drilling rig dayrates; 

worldwide economic activity and associated demand for oil and gas; 

public health crises and other catastrophic events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

availability and access to potential hydrocarbon resources; 

governmental political requirements, regulation and energy policies; 

fluctuations in political conditions in the United States and abroad; 

currency exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations; 

development of alternate energy sources; and 

environmental regulations. 

Expectations for future oil and gas prices cause many shifts in the strategies and expenditure levels of oil and gas companies, drilling contractors, and other service companies, particularly with respect to decisions to purchase major capital equipment of the type we manufacture. Oil and gas prices, which are determined by the marketplace, may remain below a range that is acceptable to certain of our customers, which could continue the reduced demand for our products and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 There are risks associated with certain contracts for our equipment. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a backlog of capital equipment to be manufactured, assembled, tested and delivered by Completion Production Solutions and Rig Technologies in the amount of 1.6 billion and 2.8 billion, respectively. The following factors, in addition to others not listed, could reduce our margins on these contracts, adversely impact completion of these contracts, adversely affect our position in the market or subject us to contractual penalties: 
 financial challenges for consumers of our capital equipment; 

13 

credit market conditions for consumers of our capital equipment; 

our failure to adequately estimate costs for making this equipment; 

our inability to deliver equipment that meets contracted technical requirements; 

our inability to maintain our quality standards during the design and manufacturing process; 

our inability to secure parts made by third party vendors at reasonable costs and within required timeframes; 

unexpected increases in the costs of raw materials; 

our inability to manage unexpected delays due to weather, shipyard access, labor shortages, public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic or other factors beyond our control; 

the imposition of tariffs or duties between countries, which could materially affect our global supply chain. For example, section 232 tariffs on steel may increase our costs, reduce margins or otherwise adversely affect the Company; and 

export sanctions, controls or other trade restrictions, which could affect our ability to manufacture, sell, or receive payment for our equipment and/or services. 

The Company s existing contracts for rig and production equipment generally carry significant down payment and progress billing terms to facilitate the ultimate completion of these projects and the majority do not allow customers to cancel projects for convenience. However, unfavorable market conditions or financial difficulties experienced by our customers may result in cancellation of contracts or the delay or abandonment of projects. Any such developments could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 Competition in our industry, including the introduction of new products and technologies by our competitors, as well as the expiration of the intellectual property rights protecting our products and technologies, could ultimately lead to lower revenue and earnings. 
 The oilfield products and services industry is highly competitive. We compete with national, regional and foreign competitors in each of our current major product lines. Certain of these competitors may have greater financial, technical, manufacturing and marketing resources than us, and may be in a better competitive position. The following can each affect our revenue and earnings: 
 price changes; 

improvements in the availability and delivery of products and services by our competitors; 

the introduction of new products and technologies by our competitors; and 

the expiration of intellectual property rights protecting our products and technologies. 

We are a leader in the development of new technology and equipment to enhance the safety and productivity of drilling and well servicing processes. If we are unable to maintain our technology leadership position, it could adversely affect our competitive advantage for certain products and services. Our revenues and operating results have been dependent, in part, upon the successful introduction of new or improved products. Through our internal development programs and acquisitions, we have assembled an array of technologies protected by a substantial number of trade and service marks, patents, trade secrets, and other proprietary rights, which expire after a prescribed duration, some at varying times over the coming years. The expiration of these rights could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Furthermore, while the Company stresses the importance of its research and development programs, the technical challenges and market uncertainties associated with the development and successful introduction of new products are such that there can be no assurance that the Company will realize future revenue from new products. 
 The tools, techniques, methodologies, programs and components we use to provide our services may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. Infringement claims generally result in significant legal and other costs and may distract management from running our core business. Royalty payments under licenses from third parties, if available, could increase our costs. Additionally, developing non-infringing technologies could increase our costs. If a license were unavailable, we might be unable to continue providing a particular service or product, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In addition, certain foreign jurisdictions and government-owned oil and gas companies located in some of the countries in which we operate have adopted policies or regulations which may give local nationals in these countries competitive advantages. Actions taken by our competitors and changes in local policies, preferences or regulations could impact our ability to compete in certain markets and adversely affect our financial results. 
 14 

A significant portion of our revenue is derived from our non-United States operations, which exposes us to risks inherent in doing business in each of the many countries in which we operate. 
 Approximately 64 of our revenues in 2022 were derived from operations outside the United States (based on revenue destination). Our foreign operations include significant operations in every oil producing region in the world. Our revenues and operations are subject to the risks normally associated with conducting business in foreign countries, including: 
 uncertain political, social and economic environments; 

social unrest, acts of terrorism, war and other armed conflict; 

public health crises and other catastrophic events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

trade and economic sanctions, export controls, and other restrictions imposed by the United States, European Union or other countries; 

restrictions under the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA or similar legislation, as well as foreign anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; 

confiscatory taxation, tax duties, complex and everchanging tax regimes or other adverse tax policies; 

exposure to expropriation of our assets and other actions by foreign governments; 

deprivation of contract rights; 

restrictions on the repatriation of income or capital; 

inflation; and 

currency exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations. 

Supply chain disruption and price escalation could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. 
 Our business relies on a broad range of raw materials and commodities for the products we manufacture. Shortages, transportation and supply disruptions can adversely impact supply of our manufacturing raw materials, as well as delivery of finished goods and transportation of our personnel for services. To varying degrees, these problems persist and may continue to persist as a consequence of evolving geopolitical trends. Among the factors that can adversely affect our business and consolidated results of operations are the following: 
 Inability to access raw materials and components; 

Suppliers putting the Company on allocations; 

Higher prices for raw materials and components; 

Delays and higher costs for shipping and transportation; 

Labor shortages and absences; 

Wage and other labor cost inflation; 

Government regulation; and 

Travel restrictions; 

Increased labor costs; 

Liabilities resulting from an inability to perform services due to limited manpower availability or an inability to travel to perform the services; 

Other contractual or other legal claims from our customers resulting from supply chain, transportation or other business disruption. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and related economic repercussions have had and are expected to continue to have a significant impact on our business. 
 Negative impacts arising from the COVID-19 pandemic continue to adversely affect a number of jurisdictions and disrupt pre-pandemic economic activities. For example, lockdowns in China have disrupted supply chains for the Company s vendors and products. The 
 15 

Company s ability to manufacture equipment and perform services could also be impaired and the Company could be exposed to liabilities resulting from additional interruption or delay in its ability to perform due to limited manpower, travel restrictions, difficulty obtaining visas, adverse health consequences to employees, supply chain disruption, inflationary pressures, and materials shortages. The Company continues to see operational disruption due to work force and supply chain impacts and closure or limitations imposed on our facilities as well as work force regulations. We may face loss of workers, labor shortages, litigation, fines and/or other adverse consequences resulting from vaccine mandates and enforcement of other COVID-19 regulations. 
 Disputes may arise regarding application of force majeure and other contract provisions and allocation of responsibility among customers, the Company, and suppliers, resulting in material added cost and/or litigation. Our customers may attempt to cancel or delay projects, cancel contracts, or may invoke force majeure clauses. Our customers may also seek to delay or may default on their payments to us. As a result, the Company may be exposed to additional costs, liabilities and risks which could materially, adversely impact our financial performance and results. These potential operational and service delays resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and long tail supply chain disruption could result in contractual or other legal claims from our customers or with our vendors. At this time, it is not possible to quantify all these risks, but the combination of these factors could have a material impact on our financial results. 
 We sometimes provide engineered process packages and other engineered products for multi-year, fixed price contracts that may require us to assume risks associated with cost over-runs, operating cost inflation, labor availability, supplier and contractor pricing and performance, and potential claims for liquidated damages. 
 We sometimes provide engineered skid packages of processing equipment or complex equipment in the form of multi-year contracts, without price escalation clauses. Some of these contracts are required by our customers, primarily national oil companies (NOCs). These projects include acting as suppliers of skid packages or engineered products, as well as installation and commissioning services and may require us to assume additional risks associated with cost over-runs from our vendors or due to material or labor cost escalation. In addition, NOCs often operate in countries with unsettled political conditions, war, civil unrest, or other types of community issues. These issues may also result in cost over-runs, delays, and project losses. 
 Providing skid packages and engineered products as well as services on an integrated basis may also require us to assume additional risks associated with operating cost inflation, labor availability and productivity, supplier pricing and performance, and potential claims for liquidated damages. We rely on third-party subcontractors, consortium partners and equipment providers to assist us with the completion of these types of contracts. To the extent that we cannot engage subcontractors or acquire equipment or materials in a timely manner and on reasonable terms, our ability to complete a project in accordance with stated deadlines or at a profit may be impaired. If the amount we are required to pay for these goods and services exceeds the amount we have estimated in bidding for fixed-price work, we could experience losses in the performance of these contracts. These delays and additional costs may be substantial, and we may be required to compensate our customers for these delays. This may reduce the profit to be realized or result in a loss on a project. 
 Cybersecurity risks and threats could adversely affect our business. 
 We rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business. Any failure, interruption, or breach in security of our information systems, or information systems owned by others that we use and rely on, could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger systems and other systems. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that any breach or interruption will be sufficiently limited. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions or security breaches of our information systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of our intellectual property or other proprietary information, including customer data, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 We may suffer business disruption from direct or indirect cyber-attacks. These take many forms, including ransomware directed at us, our vendors or our customers. For example, our operations were affected by the well-publicized shutdown of the Kronos Company s cloud-based employee work time keeping system, to which certain of our operations subscribe for recording hours worked. Our Human Resources and Operations management were able to quickly implement alternate procedures until the Kronos system was restored. We suffered no material loss due to the outage, and our employee data was not compromised. As with virtually all other large companies, we receive numerous phishing efforts, and other attempted cyber-attacks such as efforts to hack our systems or use distributed denial-of-service attacks. These cyber-security risks have not resulted in any material adverse interruption in our business to date but pose an ongoing threat of material interruption to our business activities. 
 16 

Our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel at competitive cost could materially affect our operations and growth potential. 
 Many of the products we sell, and related services that we provide, are complex and technologically advanced, which enable them to perform in challenging conditions. Our ability to succeed is, in part, dependent on our success in attracting and retaining qualified personnel to provide service and to design, manufacture, use, install and commission our products. A significant increase in wages paid by competitors, both within and outside the energy industry, for such highly skilled personnel could result in insufficient availability of skilled labor or increase our labor costs, or both. If the supply of skilled labor is constrained or our costs increase, our margins could decrease, and our growth potential could be impaired. 
 Severe or unseasonable weather conditions may adversely affect our operations. 
 Our business may be materially and adversely affected by severe weather conditions in areas where we operate. Many experts believe global climate change could increase the frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions. Repercussions of severe or unseasonable weather conditions may entail the evacuation of personnel and stoppage of services; inability to deliver material to jobsites in accordance with contract schedules; decreases in demand for oil and natural gas during unseasonably warm winters; and loss of productivity. In addition, particularly severe weather could result in weather related evacuation of personnel and curtailment of services, including: 
 Damage to platforms or structures and offshore drilling rigs; 

Suspension of activities and operations; 

Damage to our facilities and project work sites; 

Disruption in delivery of materials to jobsites in accordance with contract schedules; 

Decreases in demand for oil and natural gas during unseasonably warm winters; and 

Loss of productivity. 

Any of these events could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 An impairment of goodwill or other indefinite lived intangible assets could reduce our earnings. 
 The Company has approximately 1.5 billion of goodwill and 0.2 billion of other intangible assets with indefinite lives as of December 31, 2022. Generally accepted accounting principles require the Company to test goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or circumstances indicate they might be impaired. Events or circumstances which could indicate a potential impairment include (but are not limited to) a significant sustained reduction in worldwide oil and gas prices or drilling; a significant sustained reduction in profitability or cash flow of oil and gas companies or drilling contractors; a significant sustained reduction in capital investment by other oilfield service companies; or a significant increase in worldwide inventories of oil or gas. The timing and magnitude of any goodwill impairment charge, which could be material, would depend on the timing and severity of the event or events triggering the charge and would require a high degree of management judgement. If we were to determine that any of our remaining balance of goodwill or other indefinite lived intangible assets was impaired, we would record an immediate charge to earnings with a corresponding reduction in stockholders equity; resulting in a possible increase in balance sheet leverage as measured by debt to total capitalization. 
 See additional discussion on Goodwill and Other Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets in Critical Accounting Estimates of Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 We have expanded and grown our businesses through acquisitions and continue to pursue a growth strategy but we cannot assure that attractive acquisitions will be available to us at reasonable prices or at all. 
 We cannot assure that we will successfully integrate the operations and assets of any acquired business with our own or that our management will be able to effectively manage any new lines of business. Any inability on the part of management to integrate and manage acquired businesses and their assumed liabilities could adversely affect our business and financial performance. In addition, we may need to incur substantial indebtedness to finance future acquisitions. We cannot assure that we will be able to obtain this financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. Future acquisitions may result in increased depreciation and amortization expense, increased interest expense, increased financial leverage or decreased operating income for the Company, any of which could cause our business to suffer. 
 The adoption of any future federal, state, or local laws or implementing regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting or banning, the hydraulic fracturing process could make it more difficult to complete natural gas and oil wells and could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. 
 17 

Various federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives, as well as actions in other countries, have been or could be undertaken which could result in additional requirements or restrictions being imposed on hydraulic fracturing operations. For example, legislation and/or regulations have been adopted in many U.S. states that require additional disclosure regarding chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process but that generally include protections for proprietary information. Legislation, regulations and/or policies have also been adopted at the state level that impose other types of requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations (such as limits on operations in the event of certain levels of seismic activity). Additional legislation and/or regulations are being considered at the state and local level that could impose further chemical disclosure or other regulatory requirements (such as prohibitions on hydraulic fracturing operations in certain areas) that could affect our operations. Four states (New York, Maryland, Washington, and Vermont) have banned the use of high-volume hydraulic fracturing. Oregon has adopted a five-year moratorium and Colorado has enacted legislation providing local governments with regulatory authority over hydraulic fracturing operations. Local jurisdictions in some states have adopted ordinances that restrict or in certain cases prohibit the use of hydraulic fracturing, although many of these ordinances have been challenged and some have been overturned. In addition, governmental authorities in various foreign countries where we have provided or may provide hydraulic fracturing services have imposed or are considering imposing various restrictions or conditions that may affect hydraulic fracturing operations. The adoption of any future federal, state, local, or foreign laws or regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting or banning, the hydraulic fracturing process could make it more difficult to complete natural gas and oil wells and could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 Legal and Regulatory Related 
 Our failure to comply with existing or future U.S. and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. 
 Our ability to comply with various complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, such as the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act and other foreign anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, various trade control regulations, and human rights and anti-slavery legislation is dependent on the success of our ongoing compliance program, including our ability to continue to effectively supervise and train our employees to deter prohibited practices. These various laws and regulations can change frequently and significantly. We may become involved in a governmental investigation even if the Company has complied with these laws. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulation, we could be subject to investigations, sanctions, and civil and criminal prosecution as well as fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, government disruptions could negatively impact our ability to conduct our business. Supply chain restrictions such as the U.K. Modern Slavery Act and other similar legislation could also materially affect our supply chain, cost of production, and ability to manufacture our products. 
 We are also required to comply with various complex U.S. and foreign tax laws, regulations and treaties. These laws, regulations and treaties can change frequently and significantly, and it is reasonable to expect changes in the future. If we fail to comply with any of these tax laws, regulations or treaties, we could be subject to, among other things, civil and criminal prosecution, fines, penalties and confiscation of our assets, which could disrupt our ability to provide our products and services to our customers. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Further, in some instances, direct or indirect consumers of our products and services, entities providing financing for purchases of our products and services or members of the supply chain for our products and services may become involved in governmental investigations, internal investigations, political or other enforcement matters. In such circumstances, such investigations may adversely impact the ability of consumers of our products, entities providing financial support to such consumers or entities in the supply chain to timely perform their business plans or to timely perform under agreements with us. The Company could also become involved in investigations of consumers of our products at significant cost to the Company. 
 We could be adversely affected if we fail to comply with any of the numerous federal, state and local laws, regulations and policies that govern environmental protection, zoning and other matters applicable to our businesses. 
 Our businesses are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws, regulations and policies governing environmental protection, zoning and other matters. These laws and regulations have changed frequently in the past and it is reasonable to expect additional changes in the future. If existing regulatory requirements change, we may be required to make significant unanticipated capital and operating expenditures. We cannot assure you that our operations will continue to comply with future laws and regulations. Governmental authorities may seek to impose fines and penalties on us or to revoke or deny the issuance or renewal of operating permits for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. Under these circumstances, we might be required to reduce or cease operations or conduct site remediation or other corrective action which could adversely impact our operations and financial condition. 
 18 

Our businesses expose us to potential environmental, product or personal injury liability. 
 Our businesses have in the past and may in the future expose us to risks from harmful substances that escape into the environment or product failing to perform or causing personal injury, or exposing individuals to chemicals, harmful substances, or environmental conditions, any of which could result in: 
 personal injury or loss of life; 

severe damage to or destruction of property; or 

environmental damage and suspension of operations. 

Our current and past activities, as well as the activities of our former divisions and subsidiaries, could result in our facing substantial environmental, regulatory, personal injury, class action, mass tort and other litigation and liabilities. These could include the costs of cleanup of contaminated sites and site closure obligations. These liabilities could also be imposed on the basis of one or more of the following theories: 
 negligence; 

strict liability; 

products liability; 

breach of contract with customers; or 

as a result of our contractual agreement to indemnify our customers in the normal course of business, which is normally the case. 

We may not have adequate insurance for potential environmental, product or personal injury liabilities. 
 While we maintain liability insurance, this insurance is subject to coverage limits. In addition, certain policies do not provide coverage for damages resulting from environmental contamination or may exclude coverage for other reasons. We face the following risks with respect to our insurance coverage: 
 we may not be able to continue to obtain insurance on commercially reasonable terms; 

we may be faced with types of liabilities that will not be covered by our insurance; 

our insurance carriers may not be able to meet their obligations under the policies; or 

the dollar amount of any liabilities may exceed our policy limits. 

Even a partially uninsured claim, if successful and of significant size, could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Future laws, regulations, treaties, international obligations, reporting obligations related to greenhouse gases (GHG), climate change, and activism related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) could adversely impact our business, may increase compliance obligations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. 
 Focus and attention by advocacy groups and regulatory agencies on climate change and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in the United States and European Union have accelerated. Investors, customers, governance pundits and government officials have increased focus on sustainability, stakeholder governance and the energy transition. As a result, there has been increased promotion of alternative energy and increased negative attitudes or perceptions of fossil fuels. New laws and regulations to reduce GHG, including the imposition of fees or taxes, could adversely impact our operations and financial condition. Oil and natural gas exploration and production may decline as a result of environmental requirements, including land use policies responsive to environmental concerns. State, national, and international governments and agencies in areas in which we conduct business continue to evaluate, and in some instances adopt, climate-related legislation and other regulatory initiatives that limit GHG emissions. The President of the United States has issued Executive Orders seeking to adopt new regulations and policies to address climate change and to suspend, revise, or rescind prior agency actions that the administration identified as conflicting with its climate policies. These include Executive Orders requiring a review of current U.S. federal lands leasing and permitting practices, as well as a temporary halt of new leasing of U.S. federal lands and offshore waters available for oil and gas exploration. The Executive Orders halting the leasing of U.S. federal lands were challenged in court and remain subject to litigation. As a result of the review of leasing and permitting practices, the U.S. Department of the Interior has recommended increasing the royalty rate payable to the U.S. government by operators, as well as bonding requirements and emissions requirements for operators. Some form of these recommendations may become applicable to operations on U.S. federal leases, which could have a negative effect on exploration and production of oil and natural gas given the increased costs associated with any such changes. In February 2021, the United States formally re-joined the Paris Agreement. The Paris Agreement requires countries to review and 
 19 

represent a progression in their intended nationally determined contributions, which set greenhouse gases emission reduction goals, every five years. Though we are closely following developments in this area and changes in the regulatory landscape in the United States and other jurisdictions, we cannot predict with precision or quantify how or when those challenges may ultimately impact our business. Because our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and natural gas industry, existing or future laws, regulations, treaties, or international agreements related to greenhouse gases and climate change, including incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources, may reduce demand for oil and natural gas and could have a negative impact on our business. Likewise, such restrictions may result in additional compliance obligations with respect to the release, capture, sequestration, and use of carbon dioxide. The efforts we have taken, and may undertake in the future, to respond to these evolving or new regulations and to environmental initiatives of customers, investors, and others may increase our costs. These and other environmental requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 In addition to regulatory risks, increased advocacy related to ESG issues generally, and on climate change and greenhouse gas emissions in particular, may have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. Our investors, customers, and other stakeholders have increased their focus on sustainability and the energy transition. Negative perceptions of the oil and natural gas industry and promotion of alternative energy sources can negatively impact demand for our products and the price of our stock. Additionally, we may suffer reputational harm if we do not adequately identify or manage ESG-related risks or if there are negative perceptions of our response to ESG issues. We may also incur increased costs as a result of our efforts to address ESG issues important to our stakeholders, including providing expanded reporting on ESG issues, which may impact our financial condition or results of operations. The combination of laws, regulations, treaties, negative reputational impact, and societal perceptions of our industry may adversely impact demand for oil and natural gas and demand for our products. Consequently, the price of our stock could be negatively impacted as we navigate the energy transition. 
 Local content requirements imposed in certain jurisdictions may increase the complexity of our operations and impact the demand for our services. 
 A growing number of nations are requiring equipment providers and contractors to meet local content requirements or other local standards. To meet many of these local content and other requirements, we are required to attract and retain qualified local personnel. If we are unable to do so because the supply of qualified local personnel is constrained for any reason, the growth and profitability of our business may be adversely affected. In addition, our ability to work in certain jurisdictions is sometimes subject to our ability to successfully negotiate and agree upon acceptable joint venture agreements. The failure to reach acceptable agreements could adversely impact the Company s operations in certain countries. Additionally, we may share control of joint ventures with unaffiliated third parties. Differences in views, and disagreements, among joint venture parties may result in delayed decision making and disputes on important issues. In some instances, we could suffer a material adverse effect to the results of our joint ventures and our consolidated results of operations. 
 The Company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new tax legislation, tax audits, or exposure to additional tax liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. 
 We are subject to taxes in the U.S. and numerous jurisdictions where we operate and our subsidiaries are organized. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. In addition, our tax returns are subject to examination by the U.S. and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of the examinations. An increase in tax rates, particularly in the U.S., changes in our ability to realize our deferred tax assets, or adverse outcomes resulting from examinations of our tax returns could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. In particular, the Company received and paid a 51 million transfer pricing tax assessment in Denmark. The Company and its advisors believe the assessment is without merit. The Company is presently appealing and believes it will be reimbursed following a successful appeals process. The payment has been recorded as a long term receivable. 
 The Company is assessing various provisions contained in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA including increased production and manufacturing credits as well as the new Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax. The Company does not anticipate that these provisions will materially impact its results from operations or its effective tax rate. 
 Our operations outside the United States require us to comply with both United States and international regulations violations of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. In particular, our operations in Russia have subjected us to additional risks related to current political conflicts. 
 
 The shipment of goods, services, and technology across international borders subjects us to extensive trade laws and regulations. Our import and export activities are governed by the trade, customs, and other laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. 
 20 

Moreover, many countries, including the United States, control the export, re-export, and in-country transfer of certain goods, services, and technology and impose related export recordkeeping and reporting obligations. Governments also impose economic sanctions against certain countries, persons, and entities that can restrict or prohibit transactions involving such countries, persons, and entities. This in turn can restrict, limit or prevent our conduct of business in certain jurisdictions. For our operations outside the United States, we are required to comply with United States laws and other international regulations. Because we have legal entities, facilities and citizens from many jurisdictions, our operations and people may be subject to laws and regulations issued by different sovereigns. Sometimes these laws conflict and impose inconsistent obligations on citizens from the different jurisdictions in which we operate giving rise to complicated compliance issues. In 2014, the United States, the European Union and other governmental bodies imposed sectoral sanctions directed at Russia s oil and gas industry. Among other things, these sanctions restricted the provision of certain United States and European Union goods, services, and technology in support of exploration or production for deep water, Arctic offshore, or shale projects that have the potential to produce oil in Russia. At the time, these sanctions resulted in our winding down and ending work on certain projects in Russia and prevented us from pursuing certain other projects in Russia. In 2017 and 2018, the U.S. Government imposed additional sanctions against Russia, Russia s oil and gas industry, and certain Russian companies. 
 
 In February of 2022, as a result of armed conflict in Ukraine, governments in the European Union, the United States, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, and other countries have enacted additional sanctions against Russia and Russian interests. Among other things, these sanctions include controls on the export, re-export, and in-country transfer in Russia of certain goods, supplies, and technologies, including some that we use in our business in Russia. They also impose restrictions on doing business with certain state-owned Russian customers, certain financial institutions and certain individuals and restrict or prohibit new investments and business activities in Russia. The situation is complicated by actual and potential governmental and legal actions taken by the Russian Federation in response to the sanctions, which could expose our employees to adverse legal consequences in Russia, including potential criminal penalties. Other sanctions have been enacted related to Belarus and Belarussian interests. In response to these sanctions, we ceased new investments in Russia and have curtailed our activities in Russia. During the third quarter of 2022, we sold our business in Belarus and committed to a plan to sell our business in Russia. The sale is subject to government approval under Russian law. Litigation may result from the confluence of these events in Russia and Belarus and our response to the various sanctions as we work to comply with applicable laws and regulations. We also may incur severance costs as a result of conditions in Russia if we are unable to obtain government approval. As a consequence of the conflict in Ukraine and related sanctions on activities related to Russia and Belarus, we recorded impairment and other charges of 127 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 In addition to customs laws, trade regulations and sanctions, our operations in countries outside the United States are subject to anti-corruption laws. For example, we comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), which prohibits United States companies and their agents and employees from providing anything of value to a foreign official for the purposes of influencing any act or decision of these individuals in their official capacity to help obtain or retain business, direct business to any person or corporate entity, or obtain any unfair advantage. Our activities create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by our employees, agents, or joint venture partners that could be in violation of anti-corruption laws, even though some of these parties are not subject to our control. We have internal control policies and procedures and have implemented training and compliance programs for our employees and agents with respect to the FCPA. However, we cannot assure that our policies, procedures, and programs will always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. We are also subject to the risks that our employees, joint venture partners, and agents outside of the United States may fail to comply with other applicable laws. Allegations of violations of applicable anti-corruption laws have resulted and may in the future result in internal, independent, or government investigations. Violations of anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. 

21 

GLOSSARY OF OILFIELD TERMS 

(Sources: Company management; A Dictionary for the Petroleum Industry, The University of Texas at Austin, 2001.) 

API 
 
 Abbr: American Petroleum Institute 

Annulus 
 
 The open space around pipe in a wellbore through which fluids may pass. 

Automatic Roughneck 
 
 A large, self-contained pipe-handling machine used by drilling crew members to make up and break out tubulars. The device combines a spinning wrench, torque wrench, and backup wrenches. 

Bit 
 
 The cutting or boring element used in drilling oil and gas wells. The bit consists of a cutting element and a circulating element. The cutting element is steel teeth, tungsten carbide buttons, industrial diamonds, or polycrystalline diamonds PDCs ). These teeth, buttons, or diamonds penetrate and gouge or scrape the formation to remove it. The circulating element permits the passage of drilling fluid and utilizes the hydraulic force of the fluid stream to improve drilling rates. In rotary drilling, several drill collars are joined to the bottom end of the drill pipe column, and the bit is attached to the end of the drill collars. Drill collars provide weight on the bit to keep it in firm contact with the bottom of the hole. 

Blowout 
 
 An uncontrolled flow of gas, oil or other well fluids into the atmosphere. A blowout, or gusher, occurs when formation pressure exceeds the pressure applied to it by the column of drilling fluid. A kick warns of an impending blowout. 

Blowout Preventer (BOP) 
 
 Series of valves installed at the wellhead while drilling to prevent the escape of pressurized fluids. 

Borehole Enlargement BHE 
 
 The process of opening up or enlarging the internal diameter of the wellbore. This is typically done with under-reamers, reamers, or hole openers. 

Bottomhole Assembly BHA 
 
 The lower portion of the drillstring including (if used): the bit, bit sub, mud motor, stabilizers, drillcollar, heavy-weight drillpipe, jarring devices, and crossovers for various thread forms. 

Carbon-Neutral 
 
 The state of achieving net zero carbon dioxide emissions with removal or simply eliminating carbon dioxide emissions altogether. 

Coiled Tubing 
 
 A continuous string of flexible steel tubing, often hundreds or thousands of feet long, that is wound onto a reel, often dozens of feet in diameter. The reel is an integral part of the coiled tubing unit, which consists of several devices that ensure the tubing can be safely and efficiently inserted into the well from the surface. Because tubing can be lowered into a well without having to make up joints of tubing, running coiled tubing into the well is faster and less expensive than running conventional tubing. Rapid advances in the use of coiled tubing make it a popular way in which to run tubing into and out of a well. Also called reeled tubing. 

Cuttings 
 
 Fragments of rock dislodged by the bit and brought to the surface in the drilling mud. Washed and dried cutting samples are analyzed by geologist to obtain information about the formations drilled. 

Directional Well 
 
 Well drilled in an orientation other than vertical in order to access broader portions of the formation. 

Drawworks 
 
 The hoisting mechanism on a drilling rig. It is essentially a large winch that spools off or takes in the drilling line and thus raises or lowers the drill stem and bit. 

Drill Pipe Elevator (Elevator) 
 
 On conventional rotary rigs and top-drive rigs, hinged steel devices with manual operating handles that crew members latch onto a tool joint (or a sub). Since the elevators are directly connected to the traveling block, or to the integrated traveling block in the top drive, when the driller raises or lowers the block or the top-drive unit, the drill pipe is also raised or lowered. 

22 

Fiberglass-reinforced spoolable pipe 
 
 A spoolable glass fiber-reinforced epoxy composite tubular product for onshore oil and gas gathering and injection systems, with superior corrosion resistant properties and lower installed cost than steel. 

Flexible pipe 
 
 A dynamic riser that connects subsea production equipment to a topside facility allowing for the flow of oil, gas, and/or water. Also used on the seafloor to tie wells and subsea equipment together. 

Formation 
 
 A bed or deposit composed throughout of substantially the same kind of rock; often a lithologic unit. Each formation is given a name, frequently as a result of the study of the formation outcrop at the surface and sometimes based on fossils found in the formation. 

FPSO 
 
 A Floating Production, Storage and Offloading vessel used to receive hydrocarbons from subsea wells, and then produce and store the hydrocarbons until they can be offloaded to a tanker or pipeline. 

Hub Height 
 
 The distance from the turbine platform to the rotor of an installed wind turbine and indicates how high the turbine stands above the ground (or water), not including the length of the wind blades. 

Hydraulic Fracturing 
 
 The process of creating fractures in a formation by pumping fluids, at high pressures, into the reservoir, which allows or enhances the flow of hydrocarbons. 

Jack-up rig 
 
 A mobile bottom-supported offshore drilling structure with columnar or open-truss legs that support the deck and hull. When positioned over the drilling site, the bottoms of the legs penetrate the seafloor. 

Jar 
 
 A mechanical device placed near the top of the drill stem which allows the driller to strike a very heavy blow upward or downward on stuck pipe. 

Joint 
 
 1. In drilling, a single length (from 16 feet to 45 feet, or 5 meters to 14.5 meters, depending on its range length) of drill pipe, drill collar, casing or tubing that has threaded connections at both ends. Several joints screwed together constitute a stand of pipe. 2. In pipelining, a single length (usually 40 feet-12 meters) of pipe. 3. In sucker rod pumping, a single length of sucker rod that has threaded connections at both ends. 

Kelly 
 
 The heavy steel tubular device, four-or six-sided, suspended from the swivel through the rotary table and connected to the top joint of drill pipe to turn the drill stem as the rotary table turns. It has a bored passageway that permits fluid to be circulated into the drill stem and up the annulus, or vice versa. Kellys manufactured to API specifications are available only in four-or six-sided versions, are either 40 or 54 feet (12 or 16 meters) long, and have diameters as small as 2.5 inches (6 centimeters) and as large as 6 inches (15 centimeters). 

Kelly bushing 
 
 A special device placed around the kelly that mates with the kelly flats and fits into the master bushing of the rotary table. The kelly bushing is designed so that the kelly is free to move up or down through it. The bottom of the bushing may be shaped to fit the opening in the master bushing or it may have pins that fit into the master bushing. In either case, when the kelly bushing is inserted into the master bushing and the master bushing is turned, the kelly bushing also turns. Since the kelly bushing fits onto the kelly, the kelly turns, and since the kelly is made up to the drill stem, the drill stem turns. Also called the drive bushing. 

Kick 
 
 An entry of water, gas, oil, or other formation fluid into the wellbore during drilling. It occurs because the pressure exerted by the column of drilling fluid is not great enough to overcome the pressure exerted by the fluids in the formation drilled. If prompt action is not taken to control the kick, or kill the well, a blowout may occur. 

Levelized Cost of Energy LCOE 
 
 A measure of the average net present cost of electricity generation for a generating plant over its lifetime. The LCOE is calculated as the ratio between all the discounted costs over the lifetime on an electricity generating plant divided by a discounted sum of the actual energy 

23 

amounts delivered. LCOE is used to compare different methods of electricity generation on a consistent basis. 

Making-up 
 
 1. To assemble and join parts to form a complete unit (e.g., to make up a string of drill pipe). 2. To screw together two threaded pieces. 3. To mix or prepare (e.g., to make up a tank of mud). 4. To compensate for (e.g., to make up for lost time). 

Manual tongs (Tongs) 
 
 The large wrenches used for turning when making up or breaking out drill pipe, casing, tubing, or other pipe; variously called casing tongs, pipe tongs, and so forth, according to the specific use. Power tongs or power wrenches are pneumatically or hydraulically operated tools that serve to spin the pipe up tight and, in some instances to apply the final makeup torque. 

Master bushing 
 
 A device that fits into the rotary table to accommodate the slips and drive the kelly bushing so that the rotating motion of the rotary table can be transmitted to the kelly. Also called rotary bushing. 

Mooring system 
 
 The method by which a vessel or buoy is fixed to a certain position, whether permanently or temporarily. 

Mud pump 
 
 A large, high-pressure reciprocating pump used to circulate the mud on a drilling rig. 

Nacelle 
 
 A cover housing that houses all of the generating components in a wind turbine, including the generator, gearbox, drive train, and brake assembly. The nacelle must be easily accessible for maintenance and repair work. 

Pressure control equipment 
 
 Equipment used in: 1. The act of preventing the entry of formation fluids into a wellbore. 2. The act of controlling high pressures encountered in a well. 

Pressure pumping 
 
 Pumping fluids into a well by applying pressure at the surface. 

Riser pipe 
 
 The pipe and special fitting used on floating offshore drilling rigs to establish a seal between the top of the wellbore, which is on the ocean floor, and the drilling equipment located above the surface of the water. A riser pipe serves as a guide for the drill stem from the drilling vessel to the wellhead and as a conductor for drilling fluid from the well to the vessel. The riser consists of several sections of pipe and includes special devices to compensate for any movement of the drilling rig caused by waves. Also called marine riser pipe, riser joint. 

Rotary table 
 
 The principal piece of equipment in the rotary table assembly; a turning device used to impart rotational power to the drill stem while permitting vertical movement of the pipe for rotary drilling. The master bushing fits inside the opening of the rotary table; it turns the kelly bushing, which permits vertical movement of the kelly while the stem is turning. 

Slips 
 
 Wedge-shaped pieces of metal with serrated inserts (dies) or other gripping elements, such as serrated buttons, that suspend the drill pipe or drill collars in the master bushing of the rotary table when it is necessary to disconnect the drill stem from the kelly or from the top-drive unit s drive shaft. Rotary slips fit around the drill pipe and wedge against the master bushing to support the pipe. Drill collar slips fit around a drill collar and wedge against the master bushing to support the drill collar. Power slips are pneumatically or hydraulically actuated devices that allow the crew to dispense with the manual handling of slips when making a connection. 

Solids 
 
 See Cuttings 

Spinning wrench 
 
 Air-powered or hydraulically powered wrench used to spin drill pipe in making or breaking connections. 

Stand 
 
 The connected joints of pipe racked in the derrick or mast when making a trip. On a rig, the usual stand is about 90 feet (about 27 meters) long (three lengths of drill pipe screwed together), or a treble. 

Steerable Technologies 
 
 Tools that allow for steering the BHA towards a target while rotating from surface. 

String 
 
 The entire length of casing, tubing, sucker rods, or drill pipe run into a hole. 

24 

Sucker rod 
 
 A special steel pumping rod. Several rods screwed together make up the link between the pumping unit on the surface and the pump at the bottom of the well. 

Tensioner 
 
 A system of devices installed on a floating offshore drilling rig to maintain a constant tension on the riser pipe, despite any vertical motion made by the rig. The guidelines must also be tensioned, so a separate tensioner system is provided for them. 

Thermal desorption 
 
 The process of removing drilling mud from cuttings by applying heat directly to drill cuttings. 

Top drive 
 
 A device similar to a power swivel that is used in place of the rotary table to turn the drill stem. It also includes power tongs. Modern top drives combine the elevator, the tongs, the swivel, and the hook. Even though the rotary table assembly is not used to rotate the drill stem and bit, the top-drive system retains it to provide a place to set the slips to suspend the drill stem when drilling stops. 

Torque wrench 
 
 Spinning wrench with a gauge for measuring the amount of torque being applied to the connection. 

Turret 
 
 Mechanical device that allows a floating vessel to rotate around stationary flowlines, umbilicals, and other associated risers. 

Well completion 
 
 1. The activities and methods of preparing a well for the production of oil and gas or for other purposes, such as injection; the method by which one or more flow paths for hydrocarbons are established between the reservoir and the surface. 2. The system of tubulars, packers, and other tools installed beneath the wellhead in the production casing; that is, the tool assembly that provides the hydrocarbon flow path or paths. 

Wellhead 
 
 The termination point of a wellbore at surface level or subsea, often incorporating various valves and control instruments. 

Well stimulation 
 
 Any of several operations used to increase the production of a well, such as acidizing or fracturing. 

Wellbore 
 
 A borehole; the hole drilled by the bit. A wellbore may have casing in it or it may be open (uncased); or part of it may be cased, and part of it may be open. Also called a borehole or hole. 

Wireline 
 
 A slender, rodlike or threadlike piece of metal usually small in diameter, that is used for lowering special tools (such as logging sondes, perforating guns, and so forth) into the well. Also called slick line. 

ITEM 1B.	UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 25 

ITEM 2.	PR OPERTIES 
 The Company owned or leased approximately 554 facilities worldwide as of December 31, 2022, including the following principal manufacturing, service, distribution and administrative facilities: 

Building 
 
 Property 

Lease 

Size 
 
 Size 
 
 Owned / 
 
 Termination 

Location 
 
 Description 
 
 (SqFt) 
 
 (Acres) 
 
 Leased 
 
 Date 

Wellbore Technologies: 

Navasota, Texas 
 
 Manufacturing Facility Administrative Offices 
 
 562,112 
 
 196 
 
 Owned 

Conroe, Texas 
 
 Manufacturing Facility of Drill Bits and Downhole Tools, Administrative Sales Offices 
 
 275,383 
 
 28 
 
 Owned 

Houston, Texas 
 
 Sheldon Road Inspection Facility 
 
 319,365 
 
 197 
 
 Owned 

Veracruz, Mexico 
 
 Manufacturing Facility of Tool Joints, Warehouse Administrative Offices 
 
 303,400 
 
 42 
 
 Owned 

Houston, Texas 
 
 Holmes Rd Complex: Manufacturing, Warehouse, Coating Manufacturing Plant Corporate Office 
 
 351,377 
 
 41 
 
 Owned 

Cedar Park, Texas 
 
 Instrumentation Manufacturing Facility, Administrative Sales Offices 
 
 215,778 
 
 34 
 
 Owned 

Dubai, UAE 
 
 Manufacturing Facility of Downhole Tools, Distribution Warehouse 
 
 184,492 
 
 8 
 
 Leased 
 
 1/29/2031 

Conroe, Texas 
 
 Solids Control Manufacturing Facility, Warehouse, Administrative Sales Offices, and Engineering Labs 
 
 153,750 
 
 42 
 
 Owned 

Houston, Texas 
 
 Manufacturing of plastic thread products 
 
 158,250 
 
 7 
 
 Owned 

Completion Production Solutions: 

Senai, Malaysia 
 
 Manufacturing Facility of Fiber Glass Products 
 
 284,701 
 
 14 
 
 Owned 
 
 10/31/2027 

Kalundborg, Denmark 
 
 Flexibles Manufacturing, Warehouse, Shop Administrative Offices 
 
 485,067 
 
 38 
 
 Owned 

Superporto du Acu, Brazil 
 
 Flexibles Manufacturing, Warehouse, Shop Administrative Offices 
 
 464,885 
 
 30 
 
 Owned 
 
 10/19/2031 

Manchester, England 
 
 Manufacturing, Assembly Testing of PC Pumps and Expendable Parts, Administrative Sales Offices 
 
 365,872 
 
 27 
 
 Owned 

Houston, Texas 
 
 Manufacturing of Wireline and Pressure Performance Equipment, Warehouse and Administrative Offices 
 
 383,750 
 
 26 
 
 Leased 
 
 6/30/2041 

Fort Worth, Texas 
 
 Coiled Tubing Manufacturing Facility, Warehouse, Administrative Sales Offices 
 
 345,000 
 
 24 
 
 Owned 

Qingdau, Shandong, China 
 
 Manufacturing of fiber-reinforced tubular products 
 
 277,331 
 
 25 
 
 Leased 
 
 10/26/2036 

Tulsa, Oklahoma 
 
 Manufacturing Facility of Pumps, Warehouse and Administrative Sales Offices 
 
 222,625 
 
 10 
 
 Owned 

Houston, Texas 
 
 Manufacturing of fiber-reinforced tubular products Administrative Offices 
 
 130,873 
 
 7 
 
 Leased 
 
 4/30/2026 

Kintore, Aberdeenshire, Scotland, UK 
 
 Manufacturing Servicing of Elmar, ASEP and Anson Equipment 
 
 198,651 
 
 13 
 
 Leased 
 
 9/3/2037 

Dammam, Saudi Arabia 
 
 Manufacturing of fiberglass products 
 
 213,484 
 
 23 
 
 Leased 
 
 12/7/2036 

Mt. Union, Pennsylvania 
 
 Manufacturing of fiberglass products 
 
 135,000 
 
 24 
 
 Owned 

Rig Technologies: 

Houston, Texas 
 
 Bammel Facility, Repairs, Service, Aftermarket Parts, Administrative Sales Offices 
 
 608,718 
 
 33 
 
 Leased 
 
 7/31/2028 

Houston, Texas 
 
 Manufacturing Plant of Drilling Equipment 
 
 511,964 
 
 36 
 
 Leased 
 
 4/30/2027 

Houston, Texas 
 
 West Little York Manufacturing Facility, Repairs, Service, Administrative Sales Offices 
 
 484,794 
 
 51 
 
 Owned 

New Iberia, Louisiana 
 
 Repair, Services and Spares facility 
 
 170,000 
 
 17 
 
 Leased 
 
 9/30/2027 

Singapore 
 
 Manufacturing, Repairs, Service, Field Service/Training, Administrative Sales Offices 
 
 133,659 
 
 4 
 
 Leased 
 
 1/5/2024 

Dubai, UAE 
 
 Repair Overhaul of Drilling Equipment, Warehouse Sales Office 
 
 39,433 
 
 2 
 
 Leased 
 
 7/14/2036 

Al Jubail, Saudi Arabia 
 
 Manufacturer and Service of Drilling Rigs and Equipment 
 
 668,293 
 
 113 
 
 Leased 
 
 11/17/2050 

Corporate: 

Houston, Texas 
 
 Corporate and Shared Administrative Offices 
 
 441,029 
 
 3 
 
 Leased 
 
 1/31/2041 

Building owned but land leased. 
 We own or lease approximately 321 repair and manufacturing facilities that refurbish and manufacture new equipment and parts, 101 service centers that provide inspection and equipment rental and 132 engineering, sales and administration facilities. 
 26 

ITEM 3.	LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies (Part IV, Item 15 of this Form 10-K) for further discussion. 
 ITEM 4.	MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Information regarding mine safety and other regulatory actions at our mines is included in Exhibit 95 to this Form 10-K. 
 27 

PART II 
 ITEM 5.	MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol NOV . As of February 3, 2023, there were 1,864 holders of record of our common stock. Many stockholders choose to own shares through brokerage accounts and other intermediaries rather than as holders of record (excluding individual participants in securities positions listing) so the actual number of stockholders is unknown but significantly higher. 
 Cash dividends declared were 0.05 per share in each quarter of 2022 and 0.05 per share in the fourth quarter of 2021, aggregating 78 million and 20 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and will be dependent upon the Company s results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, future outlook and other factors deemed relevant by the Company s Board of Directors. 
 The information relating to our equity compensation plans required by Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities is incorporated by reference to such information as set forth in Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters contained herein. 
 28 

PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock to the S P 500 Index, the S P Oil Gas Equipment Services Index, the PHLX Oil Service Index, and the S P Oil Gas Equipment Index. The total shareholder return assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in NOV Inc., the S P 500 Index, the S P Oil Gas Equipment Services Index, the PHLX Oil Service Index, and the S P Oil Gas Equipment Index. It also assumes reinvestment of all dividends. The results shown in the graph below are not necessarily indicative of future performance. 

12/17 

12/18 

12/19 

12/20 

12/21 

12/22 

NOV Inc. 

100.00 

71.73 

70.52 

38.88 

38.52 

59.99 

S P 500 

100.00 

95.62 

125.72 

148.85 

191.58 

156.89 

S P Oil Gas Equipment Services Index 

100.00 

58.53 

64.70 

41.26 

52.64 

86.75 

PHLX Oil Service Index 

100.00 

54.78 

54.48 

31.56 

38.10 

61.53 

S P Oil Gas Equipment Index 

100.00 

52.98 

48.40 

27.40 

30.75 

49.98 

29 

This information shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the Commission or subject to Regulation 14A (17 CFR 240.14a-1-240.14a-104), other than as provided in Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of section 18 of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78r). 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

Period 
 
 Total number of shares purchased 

Average price paid per share 

Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 

Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 

October 1 through October 31, 2022 

2,196 

18.51 

November 1 through November 30, 2022 

December 1 through December 31, 2022 

217 

22.55 

Total (1) 

2,413 

18.88 

(1) The shares listed as purchased during the fourth quarter of 2022 were withheld from employee s vested restricted stock grants, as required for income taxes, and retired. The shares were not part of a publicly announced program to purchase common stock. 

30 

ITEM 7.	MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 General Overview 
 The Company is a leading independent provider of equipment and technology to the upstream oil and gas industry. With operations in approximately 554 locations across six continents, NOV designs, manufactures and services a comprehensive line of drilling, well servicing and offshore construction equipment; sells and rents drilling motors, specialized downhole tools, and rig instrumentation; performs inspection and internal coating of oilfield tubular products; provides drill cuttings separation, management and disposal systems and services; and provides expendables and spare parts used in conjunction with the Company s large installed base of equipment. NOV also manufactures coiled tubing and high-pressure fiberglass and composite tubing and sells and rents advanced in-line inspection equipment to makers of oil country tubular goods. More recently, by applying its deep knowledge in technology, the Company has helped advance the transition toward sustainable energy. The Company has a long tradition of pioneering innovations which improve the cost-effectiveness, efficiency, safety, and environmental impact of oil and gas operations. 
 NOV s revenue and operating results are principally directly related to the level of worldwide oil and gas drilling and production activities and the profitability and cash flow of oil and gas companies and drilling contractors, which in turn are affected by current and anticipated prices of oil and gas. Oil and gas prices have been and are likely to continue to be volatile. See Item 1A. Risk Factors . The Company conducts its operations through three business segments: Wellbore Technologies, Completion Production Solutions and Rig Technologies. See Item 1. Business , for a discussion of each of these business segments. 
 Unless indicated otherwise, results of operations are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year financial statements to conform with the 2022 presentation. The Company discloses Adjusted EBITDA (defined as operating profit excluding depreciation, amortization, gains and losses on sales of fixed assets and, when applicable, Other Items (as defined below under Executive Summary )) in its periodic earnings press releases and other public disclosures to provide investors additional information about the results of ongoing operations. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliations in Results of Operations for an explanation of our use of non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to their corresponding measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Operating Environment Overview 
 NOV s results are dependent on, among other things, the level of worldwide oil and gas drilling, well remediation activity, the price of crude oil and natural gas, capital spending by exploration and production companies and drilling contractors, worldwide oil and gas inventory levels and, to a lesser degree, the level of investment in wind, solar and geothermal energy products. Key industry indicators for the past three years include the following: 

increase (decrease) 

2022 v 

2022 v 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 

Active Drilling Rigs: 

U.S. 

721 

475 

436 

51.8 

65.4 

Canada 
 
 175 

132 

90 

32.6 

94.4 

International 

851 

755 

825 

12.7 

3.2 

Worldwide 

1,747 

1,362 

1,351 

28.3 

29.3 

West Texas Intermediate Crude Prices (per barrel) 

94.81 

67.99 

39.33 

39.4 

141.1 

Natural Gas Prices /mmbtu) 

6.38 

3.88 

2.01 

64.4 

217.4 

Averages for the years indicated. See sources below. 
 31 

The following table details the U.S., Canadian, and international rig activity and West Texas Intermediate Oil prices for the past nine quarters ended December 31, 2022 on a quarterly basis: 

Source: Rig count: Baker Hughes, Inc. www.bakerhughes.com ); West Texas Intermediate Crude Price, Natural Gas Price: US Department of Energy, Energy Information Administration www.eia.doe.gov ). 
 The average price per barrel of West Texas Intermediate Crude was 94.81 in 2022, an increase of 39 over the average price for 2021 of 67.99 per barrel. The average natural gas price in 2022 was 6.38 per mmbtu, an increase of 64 percent compared to the 2021 average of 3.88 per mmbtu. Average rig activity worldwide increased 28 percent for the full year in 2022 compared to 2021. The average crude oil price for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 82.79 per barrel, and natural gas was 5.51 per mmbtu. 
 At February 3, 2023, there were 1,008 rigs actively drilling in North America, compared to the fourth quarter average of 965 rigs, an increase of 4 percent. The price for West Texas Intermediate Crude Oil was 73.39 per barrel at February 3, 2023, a decrease of 11 percent from the fourth quarter of 2022 average. The price for natural gas was 2.41 per mmbtu at February 3, 2023, a decrease of 56 percent from the fourth quarter of 2022 average. 
 The Company is also becoming increasingly engaged with energy transition related opportunities and is currently involved in projects related to wind energy, solar, geothermal power, rare earth metal extraction, biogas production, and carbon sequestration. Additionally, the Company is investing in developing technologies and solutions that will support other energy transition related industry verticals. Management expects to see continued growth in these areas as low carbon power becomes a larger portion of the global energy supply. 

32 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 NOV Inc. generated revenue of 7.24 billion in 2022, which was higher than the prior year due to higher industry activity as a result of higher oil and gas prices. The average 2022 worldwide rig count (as measured by Baker Hughes) increased significantly when compared to 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported an operating profit of 264 million compared to an operating loss of 134 million in 2021, and net income attributable to the Company of 155 million, or 0.39 per fully diluted share compared to a net loss of 250 million or 0.65 per share during 2021. 
 For the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, revenue was 2.07 billion, a 184 million or 10 percent increase compared to the third quarter of 2022. The Company reported net income of 104 million, or 0.26 per fully diluted share, an improvement of 72 million, or 0.18 per fully diluted share, from the third quarter of 2022. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2021, revenue increased 556 million or 37 percent, and net income improved 144 million. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, third quarter of 2022, and fourth quarter of 2021, pre-tax other items: goodwill, intangible and long-lived asset impairment charges, inventory charges, severance accruals, and other charges and credits (collectively Other Items ), were (8) million, 63 million, and 8 million, respectively. Excluding the Other Items from all periods, fourth quarter 2022 Adjusted EBITDA was 231 million, compared to 195 million in the third quarter of 2022 and 69 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Segment Performance 
 Wellbore Technologies 
 Wellbore Technologies generated revenues of 762 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of three percent from the third quarter of 2022 and an increase of 32 percent from the fourth quarter of 2021. Operating profit was 110 million, or 14.4 percent of sales, and included 1 million in credits in Other Items. Adjusted EBITDA increased 1 million sequentially and 58 million from the prior year to 146 million, or 19.2 percent of sales. Accelerating demand in international markets was partially offset by lingering supply chain disruptions, which delayed product deliveries. 
 Completion Production Solutions 
 Completion Production Solutions generated revenues of 738 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of eight percent from the third quarter of 2022 and an increase of 34 percent from the fourth quarter of 2021. Operating profit was 50 million, or 6.8 percent of sales. Adjusted EBITDA increased 10 million sequentially and 64 million from the prior year to 66 million, or 8.9 percent of sales. Growing demand for completion equipment and greater progress on the segment s growing backlog of offshore projects drove improved results. 
 New orders booked improved 13 percent sequentially to 557 million, representing a book-to-bill of 118 percent when compared to the 472 million of orders shipped from backlog. As of December 31, 2022, backlog for capital equipment orders for Completion Production Solutions was 1.60 billion, an increase of 8 percent from the third quarter of 2022 and an increase of 24 percent from the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Rig Technologies 
 Rig Technologies generated revenues of 620 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of 21 percent from the third quarter of 2022 and an increase of 44 percent from the fourth quarter of 2021. Operating profit was 80 million, or 12.9 percent of sales, and included a credit of 11 million from Other Items. Adjusted EBITDA increased 36 million sequentially and 67 million from the prior year to 88 million, or 14.2 percent of sales. Strong demand for aftermarket parts and services combined with improving global supply chains, and an increase in capital equipment deliveries drove the improved results. 
 New capital equipment orders booked during the quarter totaled 254 million, representing a book-to-bill of 99 percent when compared to the 257 million of orders shipped from backlog. At December 31, 2022, backlog for capital equipment orders for Rig Technologies was 2.79 billion, an increase of 26 million, or 1 percent, from backlog of 2.77 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 Oil Gas Equipment and Services Market and Outlook 
 During 2020, the COVID-19 outbreak rapidly spread across the world, driving sharp demand destruction for crude oil as countries took measures that curtailed economic activity to slow the spread of the outbreak. Companies across the industry responded with severe capital spending budget cuts, curtailed production, cost reductions, personnel layoffs, facility closures and bankruptcy filings. Towards 
 33 

the end of 2020 and into 2021, commodity prices stabilized and began to recover resulting in improving industry activity levels in North America. 
 During 2021, greater availability of COVID-19 vaccines resulted in the gradual reopening of economies around the world. Pent-up consumer and industrial demand combined with government economic stimulus programs amplified the global recovery, improving economic activity, and driving higher demand for oil and gas. Oil and gas drilling activity levels began to increase in every major region of the world during 2021, reflecting this growing demand. In early 2022, the war in Ukraine roiled energy markets, driving commodity prices to their highest levels in nearly a decade, and forcing many countries to reconsider their sources of energy supplies and the importance of energy security. 
 Despite a recent pullback in commodity prices, tightening government fiscal policies, concerns regarding a global recession, ongoing global supply chain disruptions and rising inflationary costs, management believes the industry is in the early stages of an extended recovery. Diminished global oil and gas inventories and productive capacity resulting from underinvestment in the industry over the last seven years, along with rising energy security risks, and higher commodity prices should continue to spur increased oilfield activity and demand for the Company s equipment and technology. 
 NOV remains committed to improving organizational efficiencies while focusing on the development and commercialization of innovative products and services, including technologies to reduce environmental impact of oil and gas operations, and technologies to accelerate the energy transition that are responsive to the longer-term needs of NOV s customers. We believe this strategy will further advance the Company s competitive position in all market conditions. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes the Company s revenue and operating profit (loss) by operating segment (in millions): 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

Revenue: 

Wellbore Technologies 

2,777 

1,959 

1,867 

41.8 

4.9 

Completion Production Solutions 

2,588 

1,963 

2,433 

31.8 

(19.3) 

Rig Technologies 

2,034 

1,739 

1,919 

17.0 

(9.4) 

Eliminations 

(162) 

(137) 

(129) 

(18.2) 

(6.2) 

Total Revenue 

7,237 

5,524 

6,090 

31.0 

(9.3) 

Operating Profit (Loss): 

Wellbore Technologies 

304 

74 

(858) 

310.8 

108.6 

Completion Production Solutions 

69 

(65) 

(977) 

206.2 

93.3 

Rig Technologies 

144 

43 

(362) 

234.9 

111.9 

Eliminations and corporate costs 

(253) 

(186) 

(228) 

(36.0) 

18.4 

Total Operating Profit (Loss) 

264 

(134) 

(2,425) 

297.0 

94.5 

Operating Profit (Loss) : 

Wellbore Technologies 

10.9 

3.8 

(46.0) 

Completion Production Solutions 

2.7 

(3.3) 

(40.2) 

Rig Technologies 

7.1 

2.5 

(18.9) 

Total Operating Profit (Loss) 

3.6 

(2.4) 

(39.8) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Wellbore Technologies 
 Revenue from Wellbore Technologies for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,777 million, an increase of 818 million, or 42 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Operating profit from Wellbore Technologies was 304 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 230 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Operating profit percentage for 2022 was 10.9 percent compared to an operating profit percentage of 3.8 percent in 2021. 
 Included in operating profit are Other Items related to Russia impairment and other charges. Other Items included in operating profit for Wellbore Technologies were 60 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 31 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 34 

Completion Production Solutions 
 Revenue from Completion Production Solutions for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,588 million, an increase of 625 million, or 32 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Operating profit from Completion Production Solutions was 69 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to an operating loss of 65 million for 2021, an improvement of 134 million. Operating profit percentage for 2022 was 2.7 percent compared to operating loss percentage of 3.3 percent in 2021. 
 Included in operating profit are Other Items related to Russia impairment and other charges, gains on sales of previously reserved inventory, severance costs and other charges and credits. Other items included in operating profit (loss) for Completion Production Solutions was 36 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The Completion Production Solutions segment monitors its capital equipment backlog to plan its business. New orders are added to backlog only when the Company receives a firm written order for major completion and production components or a signed contract related to a construction project. The capital equipment backlog was 1,602 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 315 million, or 24 percent from backlog of 1,287 million at December 31, 2021. Although numerous factors can affect the timing of revenue out of backlog (including, but not limited to, customer change orders and supplier accelerations or delays), the Company reasonably expects approximately 1,299 million of revenue out of backlog in 2023 and approximately 303 million of revenue out of backlog in 2024 and thereafter. At December 31, 2022, approximately 56 percent of the capital equipment backlog was for offshore products and approximately 69 percent of the capital equipment backlog was destined for international markets. 
 Rig Technologies 
 Revenue from Rig Technologies for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,034 million, an increase of 295 million, or 17 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Operating profit from Rig Technologies was 144 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an improvement of 101 million compared to 2021. Operating profit percentage for 2022 was 7.1 percent compared to 2.5 percent in 2021. 
 Included in operating profit are Other Items related to Russia impairment and other charges, gains on sales of previously reserved inventory, severance costs and facility closure costs. Other Items included in operating profit for Rig Technologies was 22 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The Rig Technologies segment monitors its capital equipment backlog to plan its business. New orders are added to backlog only when the Company receives a firm written order for major drilling rig components or a signed contract related to a construction project. The capital equipment backlog was 2,793 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 26 million, or 1 percent, from backlog of 2,767 million at December 31, 2021. Although numerous factors can affect the timing of revenue out of backlog (including, but not limited to, customer change orders and supplier accelerations or delays), the Company reasonably expects approximately 799 million of revenue out of backlog in 2023 and the remaining in 2024 and thereafter. At December 31, 2022, approximately 28 percent of the capital equipment backlog was for offshore products and approximately 95 percent of the capital equipment backlog was destined for international markets. 
 Eliminations and corporate costs 
 Eliminations and corporate costs were 253 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 186 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This change is primarily due to an increase in intersegment sales. Sales from one segment to another generally are priced at estimated equivalent commercial selling prices; however, segments originating an external sale are credited with the full profit to the Company. Eliminations and corporate costs include intercompany transactions conducted between the three reporting segments that are eliminated in consolidation, as well as corporate costs not allocated to the segments. Intercompany transactions within each reporting segment are eliminated within each reporting segment. 
 Other expense, net 
 Other expense, net was 35 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 23 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in expense was primarily due to higher foreign exchange losses for 2022. 
 Provision for income taxes 
 The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 34.9 percent, compared to (6.5) percent for 2021. For the year-ended 2022, the effective tax rate was negatively impacted by current year losses in certain jurisdictions with no tax benefit, partially offset by favorable adjustments related to foreign currency translation gains and the utilization of losses and tax credits for prior year tax returns. 
 35 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 the effective tax rate was negatively impacted by losses in certain jurisdictions with no tax benefit, partially offset by favorable adjustments related to utilization of losses and tax credits for prior year tax returns. 
 Results of Operations in 2021 Compared to 2020 
 
 Information related to the comparison of our operating results between the years 2021 and 2020 is included in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 2021 Form 10-K filed with the SEC and is incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Reconciliations 
 
 This Form 10-K contains certain non-GAAP financial measures that management believes are useful tools for internal use and the investment community in evaluating NOV s overall financial performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are broadly used to value and compare companies in the oilfield services and equipment industry. Not all companies define these measures in the same way. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures are not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP and should therefore be considered only as supplemental to such GAAP financial measures. 
 
 The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as operating profit excluding depreciation, amortization, gains and losses on sales of fixed assets and, when applicable, Other Items. Management believes this is important information to provide because it is used by management to evaluate the Company s operational performance and trends between periods and manage the business. Management also believes this information may be useful to investors and analysts to gain a better understanding of the Company s results of ongoing operations. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to replace GAAP financial measures, such as Net Income. 
 Other items consist of charges and credits related to (in millions): 

Three Months Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

September 30, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2022 

2021 

Other items by category: 

Russia Impairment and other charges 

2 

76 

127 

Inventory 

(10) 

(1) 

(13) 

(35) 

(13) 

Severance, facility closures and other 

9 

22 

72 

Total other items 

(8) 

8 

63 

114 

59 

36 

The following tables set forth the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measures (in millions): 

Three Months Ended 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

September 30, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2022 

2021 

Operating profit (loss): 

Wellbore Technologies 

110 

50 

74 

304 

74 

Completion Production Solutions 

50 

(16) 

21 

69 

(65) 

Rig Technologies 

80 

1 

22 

144 

43 

Eliminations and corporate costs 

(78) 

(50) 

(62) 

(253) 

(186) 

Total operating profit (loss) 

162 

(15) 

55 

264 

(134) 

Other Items, net: 

Wellbore Technologies 

(1) 

2 

31 

60 

31 

Completion Production Solutions 

2 

19 

36 

1 

Rig Technologies 

(11) 

3 

13 

22 

Corporate 

4 

1 

18 

5 

Total Other Items 

(8) 

8 

63 

114 

59 

(Gain)/Loss on Sales of Fixed Assets 

Wellbore Technologies 

(3) 

1 

(1) 

Completion Production Solutions 

1 

(3) 

(1) 

Rig Technologies 

(1) 

(2) 

Corporate 

4 

1 

3 

2 

Total (Gain)/Loss on Sales of Fixed Assets 

1 

1 

1 

(2) 

Depreciation amortization: 

Wellbore Technologies 

37 

39 

39 

150 

158 

Completion Production Solutions 

15 

16 

16 

62 

62 

Rig Technologies 

19 

17 

18 

73 

71 

Corporate 

5 

3 

3 

16 

15 

Total depreciation amortization 

76 

75 

76 

301 

306 

Adjusted EBITDA: 

Wellbore Technologies 

146 

88 

145 

514 

262 

Completion Production Solutions 

66 

2 

56 

164 

(3) 

Rig Technologies 

88 

21 

52 

217 

134 

Eliminations and corporate costs 

(69) 

(42) 

(58) 

(216) 

(164) 

Total Adjusted EBITDA 

231 

69 

195 

679 

229 

Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA: 

GAAP net income (loss) attributable to Company 

104 

(40) 

32 

155 

(250) 

Noncontrolling interests 

(5) 

(3) 

3 

5 

Provision for income taxes 

42 

14 

29 

83 

15 

Interest expense 

21 

19 

19 

78 

77 

Interest income 

(7) 

(2) 

(6) 

(19) 

(9) 

Equity (income) loss in unconsolidated affiliate 

(36) 

(1) 

(12) 

(68) 

5 

Other (income) expense, net 

43 

(2) 

(10) 

35 

23 

Depreciation and amortization 

76 

75 

76 

301 

306 

(Gain)/Loss on Sales of Fixed Assets 

1 

1 

1 

(2) 

Other Items 

(8) 

8 

63 

114 

59 

Total Adjusted EBITDA 

231 

69 

195 

679 

229 

37 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 1,069 million, and total debt of 1,730 million. At December 31, 2021, cash and cash equivalents were 1,591 million and total debt was 1,713 million. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 756 million of the 1,069 million of cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign subsidiaries and the earnings associated with this cash could be subject to foreign withholding taxes and incremental U.S. taxation if transferred among countries or repatriated to the U.S. If opportunities to invest in the U.S. are greater than available cash balances that are not subject to income tax, rather than repatriating cash, the Company may choose to borrow against its revolving credit facility. 
 The Company has a revolving credit facility with a borrowing capacity of 2.0 billion through October 30, 2024, and a borrowing capacity of 1.7 billion from October 31, 2024, to October 30, 2025. The Company has the right to increase the commitments under this agreement to an aggregate amount of up to 3.0 billion upon the consent of only those lenders holding any such increase. Interest under the multicurrency facility is based upon LIBOR, NIBOR or CDOR plus 1.25 subject to a ratings-based grid or the U.S. prime rate. The credit facility contains a financial covenant regarding maximum debt-to-capitalization ratio of 60 . As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 27.7 and had no outstanding letters of credit issued under the facility, resulting in 2.0 billion of available funds. 
 A consolidated joint venture of the Company borrowed 120 million against a 150 million bank line of credit for the construction of a facility in Saudi Arabia. Interest under the bank line of credit is based upon LIBOR plus 1.40 . The bank line of credit contains a financial covenant regarding maximum debt-to-equity ratio of 75 . As of December 31, 2022, the joint venture was in compliance. Upon completion of the facility construction in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company will not have future borrowings on the line of credit, with repayments beginning December 2022 and final payment no later than June 2032. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a carrying value of 114 million in borrowings related to this line of credit. The Company has 10 million in payments related to this line of credit due in the next twelve months. 
 The Company s outstanding debt at December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of 1,090 million in 3.95 Senior Notes, 495 million in 3.60 Senior Notes, and other debt of 145 million. The Company was in compliance with all covenants at December 31, 2022. Long-term lease liabilities totaled 549 million at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company had 504 million of outstanding letters of credit at December 31, 2022, primarily in the U.S. and Norway, that are under various bilateral letter of credit facilities. Letters of credit are issued as bid bonds, advanced payment bonds and performance bonds. 
 The following table summarizes our net cash provided by (used in) continuing operating activities, continuing investing activities and continuing financing activities for the periods presented (in millions): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(179) 

291 

926 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(238) 

(196) 

(144) 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(96) 

(189) 

(259) 

Significant uses of cash during 2022 
 Cash flows used in operating activities were 179 million. This included changes in the primary components of our working capital (inventories, contract assets, and accounts payable). 

Capital expenditures were 214 million. 

Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired, were 49 million. 

Payments of 78 million in dividends to our shareholders. 

Other 
 The effect of the change in exchange rates on cash was a decrease of 9 million, 7 million, and 2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 We believe that cash on hand, cash generated from operations and amounts available under our credit facilities and from other sources of debt will be sufficient to fund operations, working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements, dividends and financing obligations for the foreseeable future. 
 We may pursue additional acquisition candidates, but the timing, size or success of any acquisition effort and the related potential capital commitments cannot be predicted. We continue to expect to fund future cash acquisitions primarily with cash flow from operations and borrowings, including the unborrowed portion of the revolving credit facility or new debt issuances, but may also issue additional equity 
 38 

either directly or in connection with acquisitions. There can be no assurance that additional financing for acquisitions will be available at terms acceptable to us. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 62 million of unrecognized tax benefits. This represents the tax benefits associated with various tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, on domestic and international tax returns that have not been recognized in our financial statements due to uncertainty regarding their resolution. Due to the uncertainty of the timing of future cash flows associated with these unrecognized tax benefits, we are unable to make reasonably reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective taxing authorities. For further information related to unrecognized tax benefits, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 In preparing the financial statements, we make assumptions, estimates and judgements that affect the amounts reported. We periodically evaluate our estimates and judgements that are most critical in nature which are related to revenue recognition under long-term construction contracts and impairment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets. Our estimates are based on historical experience and on our future expectations that we believe are reasonable. The combination of these factors forms the basis for making judgements about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results are likely to differ from our current estimates and those differences may be material. 
 Revenue Recognition under Long-Term Construction Contracts 
 Revenue is recognized over-time for certain long-term construction contracts in the Completion Production Solutions and Rig Technologies segments. These contracts include custom designs for customer-specific applications that are unique and require significant engineering efforts. Revenue is recognized as work progresses on each contract. Right to payment is enforceable for performance completed to date, including a reasonable profit. 
 We generally use the cost-to-cost (input) measure of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of assets to the customer which occurs as we incur costs. Estimating total revenue and cost at completion of long-term construction contracts is complex, subject to many variables and requires significant judgement. Under the cost-to-cost measure of progress, progress towards completion of each contract is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Revenues, including estimated fees or profits, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. These costs include labor, materials, subcontractors costs, and other direct costs. Any expected losses on a project are recorded in full in the period in which the loss becomes probable. 
 These long-term construction contracts generally include integrating a complex set of tasks and components into a single project or capability, so are accounted for as one performance obligation. 
 It is common for our long-term contracts to contain late delivery fees, work performance guarantees, and other provisions that can either increase or decrease the transaction price. We estimate variable consideration as the most likely amount we expect to receive. We include variable consideration in the estimated transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur, or when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Our estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based on an assessment of our anticipated performance and historical, current and forecasted information that is reasonably available to us. Net revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods was 37 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to change orders. 
 Goodwill 
 The Company has approximately 1.5 billion of goodwill as of December 31, 2022. Generally accepted accounting principles require the Company to test goodwill for impairment at least annually or more frequently whenever events or circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. Events or circumstances which could indicate a potential impairment include (but are not limited to) a significant sustained reduction in worldwide oil and gas prices or drilling; a significant sustained reduction in profitability or cash flow of oil and gas companies or drilling contractors; a sustained reduction in the market capitalization of the Company; a significant sustained reduction in capital investment by drilling companies and oil and gas companies; or a significant sustained increase in worldwide inventories of oil or gas. 
 The Company performs its goodwill test based on the Company s discounted cash flow analysis. The discounted cash flow is based on management s forecast of operating performance for each reporting unit. The two main assumptions used in measuring goodwill impairment, which bear the risk of change and could impact the Company s goodwill impairment analysis, include the cash flow from operations from each of the Company s individual reporting units and the weighted average cost of capital. The starting point for each 
 39 

of the reporting unit s cash flow from operations is the detailed annual plan or updated forecast. Cash flows beyond the specific operating plans were estimated using a terminal value calculation, which incorporated historical and forecasted financial cyclical trends for each reporting unit and considered long-term earnings growth rates. The financial and credit market volatility directly impacts our fair value measurement through our weighted average cost of capital that we use to determine our discount rate. During times of volatility, significant judgement must be applied to determine whether credit changes are a short-term or long-term trend. The valuation techniques used in the annual test were consistent with those used during previous testing. The inputs used in the annual test were updated for current market conditions and forecasts. 
 Inventory Reserves 
 Inventory is carried at the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value. The Company reviews historical usage of inventory on-hand, assumptions about future demand and market conditions, current cost and estimates about potential alternative uses, which are limited, to estimate net realizable value. The Company s inventory consists of finished goods, spare parts, work in process, and raw materials to support ongoing manufacturing operations and the Company s large installed base of highly specialized oilfield equipment. The Company s estimated carrying value of inventory depends upon demand largely driven by levels of oil and gas well drilling and remediation activity, which depends in turn upon oil and gas prices, the general outlook for economic growth worldwide, available financing for the Company s customers, political stability and governmental regulation in major oil and gas producing areas, and the potential obsolescence of various types of equipment we sell, among other factors. 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020 we recorded inventory provision charges (credits) to inventory reserves of (18) million, 73 million, and 367 million, respectively, consisting primarily of obsolete and surplus inventories. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, inventory reserves totaled 378 and 444 million, or 17.3 and 25.0 of gross inventory, respectively. 
 The Company has continued to invest in developing and advancing products and technologies, contributing to the obsolescence of certain older products in a dramatically-shifted and more highly competitive recovering market, but also ensuring that the portfolio of products and services offered by the Company will meet customer needs in 2022 and beyond. 
 We will continue to assess our inventory levels and inventory offerings for our customers, which could require the Company to record additional allowances to reduce the value of its inventory. Such changes in our estimates or assumptions could be material under weaker market conditions or outlook. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company is U.S. registered and is subject to income taxes in the U.S. The Company operates through various subsidiaries in a number of countries throughout the world. Income taxes have been recorded based upon the tax laws and rates of the countries in which the Company operates and income is earned. 
 The Company s annual tax provision is based on taxable income, statutory rates and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. The determination and evaluation of the annual tax provision and tax positions involves the interpretation of the tax laws in the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates. It requires significant judgement and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding significant future events such as the amount, timing and character of income, deductions and tax credits. Changes in tax laws, regulations, and treaties, foreign currency exchange restrictions or the Company s level of operations or profitability in each jurisdiction could impact the tax liability in any given year. The Company also operates in many jurisdictions where the tax laws relating to the pricing of transactions between related parties are open to interpretation, which could potentially result in aggressive tax authorities asserting additional tax liabilities with no offsetting tax recovery in other countries. In 2022, the Company received and paid a 51 million transfer pricing tax assessment in Denmark. The Company and its advisors believe the assessment is without merit. The Company is presently appealing and believes it will be reimbursed following a successful appeals process. The payment has been recorded as a long-term receivable. 
 The Company maintains liabilities for estimated tax exposures in jurisdictions of operation. The annual tax provision includes the impact of income tax charges and benefits for changes to liabilities that the Company considers appropriate, as well as related interest. Tax exposure items primarily include potential challenges to intercompany pricing and certain operating expenses that may not be deductible in foreign jurisdictions. These exposures are resolved primarily through the settlement of audits within these tax jurisdictions or by judicial means. The Company is subject to audits by federal, state and foreign jurisdictions which may result in proposed assessments. The Company believes that an appropriate liability has been established for estimated exposures under the guidance in ASC Topic 740 Income Taxes ASC Topic 740 ). However, actual results may differ materially from these estimates. The Company reviews these liabilities quarterly and to the extent audits or other events result in an adjustment to the liability accrued for a prior year, the effect will be recognized in the period of the event. 
 The Company currently has recorded valuation allowances that the Company intends to maintain until it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will be realized. Income tax expense recorded in the future will be reduced to the extent of decreases in the Company s valuation allowances. The realization of remaining deferred tax assets is primarily dependent on future taxable income. Any reduction 
 40 

in future taxable income including but not limited to any future restructuring activities may require that the Company record an additional valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. An increase in the valuation allowance would result in additional income tax expense in such period and could have a significant impact on future earnings. 
 Recently Issued and Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 
 See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Part IV, Item 15 of this Form 10-K) for further discussion. 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor provisions for forward-looking information. Some of the information in this document contains, or has incorporated by reference, forward-looking statements. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements typically are identified by use of terms such as may, believe, plan, will, expect, anticipate, estimate, should, forecast, and similar words, although some forward-looking statements are expressed differently. We may also provide oral or written forward-looking information in other materials we release to the public. Forward-looking information involves risk and uncertainties and reflects our best judgment based on current information. You should be aware that our actual results could differ materially from results anticipated in the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including but not limited to changes in oil and gas prices, customer demand for our products and worldwide economic activity, including matters related to recent Russian sanctions. Given these uncertainties, current or prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update any such factors or forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments. You should also consider carefully the statements under Risk Factors which address additional factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements, and additional disclosures we make in our press releases and Forms 10-Q, and 8-K. We also suggest that you listen to our quarterly earnings release conference calls with financial analysts. 
 ITEM 7A.	QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Additional information concerning each of these matters follows: 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rates 
 We have extensive operations in foreign countries. The net assets and liabilities of these operations are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, although such fluctuations have a muted effect on net income since the functional currency for the majority of them is the local currency. These operations also have net assets and liabilities not denominated in the functional currency, which exposes us to changes in foreign currency exchange rates that impact income. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company reported foreign currency losses of 25 million, 16 million and 2 million, respectively. Gains and losses are primarily due to exchange rate fluctuations related to monetary asset balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency and adjustments to our hedged positions as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Currency exchange rate fluctuations may create losses in future periods to the extent we maintain net monetary assets and liabilities not denominated in the functional currency of the NOV operation. 
 Some of our revenues in foreign countries are denominated in U.S. dollars, and therefore, changes in foreign currency exchange rates impact our earnings to the extent that costs associated with those U.S. dollar revenues are denominated in the local currency. Similarly, some of our revenues are denominated in foreign currencies, but have associated U.S. dollar costs, which also give rise to foreign currency exchange rate exposure. In order to mitigate that risk, we may utilize foreign currency forward contracts to better match the currency of our revenues and associated costs. We do not use foreign currency forward contracts for trading or speculative purposes. 
 The Company had other financial market risk sensitive instruments (cash balances, overdraft facilities, accounts receivable and accounts payable) denominated in foreign currencies with transactional exposures totaling 340 million and translation exposures totaling 325 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company estimates that a hypothetical 10 movement of all applicable foreign currency exchange rates on the transactional exposures could affect net income by 27 million and the translational exposures could affect Other Comprehensive Income by 33 million. 
 The counterparties to forward contracts are major financial institutions. The credit ratings and concentration of risk of these financial institutions are monitored on a continuing basis. Because these contracts are net-settled the Company s credit risk with the counterparties is limited to the foreign currency rate differential at the end of the contract. 
 41 

Interest Rate Risk 
 At December 31, 2022, borrowings consisted of 1,090 million in 3.95 Senior Notes, 495 million in 3.60 Senior Notes, and other debt of 145 million. There were no outstanding letters of credit issued under the credit facility resulting in 2.0 billion of funds available under this credit facility. Additionally, the Company s joint venture has a 120 million bank line of credit for the construction of a facility in Saudi Arabia. Interest under the bank line of credit is based upon LIBOR plus 1.40 . Occasionally a portion of borrowings under our credit facility could be denominated in multiple currencies which could expose us to market risk with exchange rate movements. These instruments carry interest at a pre-agreed upon percentage point spread from either LIBOR, NIBOR or CDOR, or at the U.S. prime rate. Under our credit facility, we may, at our option, fix the interest rate for certain borrowings based on a spread over LIBOR, NIBOR or CDOR for 30 days to six months. Our objective is to maintain a portion of our debt in variable rate borrowings for the flexibility obtained regarding early repayment without penalties and lower overall cost as compared with fixed-rate borrowings. 
 ITEM 8.	FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Attached hereto and a part of this report are financial statements and supplementary data listed in Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 ITEM 9.	CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A.	CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (i) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our current disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have provided certain certifications to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These certifications are included herein as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2. 
 (ii) Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 (a) Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting. 
 The Company s management report on internal control over financial reporting is set forth in this annual report on Page 48 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (b) Changes in internal control 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s last fiscal quarter covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B.	OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C.	DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 None. 
 42 

PART III 
 ITEM 10.	DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 ITEM 11.	EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 Incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 ITEM 12.	SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 
 The following table sets forth information as of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, with respect to compensation plans under which our common stock may be issued: 

Number of securities 

Weighted-average 

Number of securities 

to be issued upon 

exercise price of 

remaining available for equity 

exercise of warrants 

outstanding 

compensation plans (excluding 

and rights 

rights 

securities reflected in column (a)) ('c') 

Plan Category 
 
 (a) 

(b) 

(1) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

21,080,388 

42.46 

17,326,010 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

21,080,388 

42.46 

17,326,010 

(1) Shares could be issued through equity instruments other than stock options, warrants or rights. 

ITEM 13.	CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 ITEM 14.	PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 43 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15.	EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 
 (1) Financial Statements 

The following financial statements are presented in response to Part II, Item 8: 

Page 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

52 

Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss 

53 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

54 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

55 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

56 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

57 

The report of NOV Inc. s independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB ID: with respect to the above-referenced financial statements and their report on internal control over financial reporting are included before the above-referenced reports. Their consent appears in Exhibit 23.1 of this Form 10-K. 

(2) Financial Statement Schedule 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

84 

All schedules, other than Schedule II, are omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (1) Exhibits 

3.1 
 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NOV Inc. (Exhibit 3.1) (1) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of NOV Inc. (Exhibit 3.2) (1) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities (2) 

4.2 
 
 Indenture, dated November 15, 2012, between National Oilwell Varco, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association. (Exhibit 4.1) (3) 

4.3 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated November 20, 2012, between National Oilwell Varco, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association. (Exhibit 4.6) (3) 

4.4 
 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 14, 2019, between National Oilwell Varco, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as successor trustee. (Exhibit 4.2) (4) 

10.1 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2017, among National Oilwell Varco, Inc., the financial institutions signatory thereto, including Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., in its capacity, among others, as Administrative Agent, Co-Lead Arranger and Joint Book Runner (Exhibit 3.1) (5) 

10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2019 (6) 

10.3 
 
 NOV Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. (7) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement. (Exhibit 10.1) (8) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Option Agreement. (Exhibit 10.2) (8) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock. (18 Month) Agreement (Exhibit 10.1) (9) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock. (36 Month) Agreement (Exhibit 10.2) (9) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement (Exhibit 10.1) (10) 

10.9 
 
 Form of Executive Employment Agreement. (Exhibit 10.1) (11) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Executive Severance Agreement. (Exhibit 10.2) (12) 

44 

10.11 
 
 Form of Employee Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Agreement (13) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (13) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement (13) 

10.14 
 
 Form of Employee Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Agreement (2019) (14) 

10.15 
 
 Form on Restricted Stock Agreement (2019) (14) 

10.16 
 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement (2019) (14) 

10.17 
 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement (2020) (15) 

10.18 
 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement (2021) (16) 

10.19 
 
 Form of Employee Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Agreement (2022) (17) 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2022) (17) 

Form of Performance Award Agreement (2022) (17) 

10.20 
 
 NOV Inc. Retirement Policy for Equity Awards (Exhibit 10.1) (18) 

10.21 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2022) (19) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (20) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. (20) 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney. (included on signature page hereto) (20) 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14a and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act, as amended. (20) 

31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14a and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act, as amended. (20) 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (21) 

32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (21) 

95 
 
 Mine Safety Information pursuant to section 1503 of the Dodd-Frank Act. (20) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Compensatory plan or arrangement for management or others. 
 (1) Filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2020. 

(2) Filed as an Exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 12, 2021. 

(3) Filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2012. 

(4) Filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2019. 

(5) Filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2017. 

(6) Filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2019. 

(7) Filed as Appendix I to our Proxy Statement filed on April 8, 2022. 

(8) Filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2006. 

(9) Filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 27, 2007. 

(10) Filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 27, 2013. 

45 

(11) Filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2020. 

(12) Filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form S-K filed on November 21, 2014. 

(13) Filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2016. 

(14) Filed as an Exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 26, 2019. 

(15) Filed as an Exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2020. 

(16) Filed as an Exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2021. 

(17) Filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2022. 

(18) Filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2022. 

(19) Filed as an Exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 28, 2022. 

(20) Filed with this Form 10-K. 

(21) Furnished with this Form 10-K. 

We hereby undertake, pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b), paragraph (4) (iii), to furnish to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, all constituent instruments defining the rights of holders of our long-term debt not filed herewith. 
 
 46 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NOV INC. 

Dated: February 14, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ CLAY C. WILLIAMS 

Clay C. Williams 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Each person whose signature appears below in so signing, constitutes and appoints Clay C. Williams and Jose A. Bayardo, and each of them acting alone, his/her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution, for him/her and in his/her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute and cause to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission any and all amendments to this report, and in each case to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact or his/her substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ CLAY C. WILLIAMS Clay C. Williams 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/s/ JOSE A. BAYARDO Jose A. Bayardo 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/s/ CHRISTY H. NOVAK Christy H. Novak 
 
 Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/s/ GREG L. ARMSTRONG 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

Greg L. Armstrong 

/s/ MARCELA E. DONADIO 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

Marcela E. Donadio 

/s/ BEN A. GUILL 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

Ben A. Guill 

/s/ JAMES T. HACKETT 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

James T. Hackett 

/s/ DAVID D. HARRISON 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

David D. Harrison 

/s/ ERIC L. MATTSON 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

Eric L. Mattson 

/s/ MELODY B. MEYER 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

Melody B. Meyer 

/s/ WILLIAM R. THOMAS 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

William R. Thomas 

/s/ ROBERT S. WELBORN 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

Robert S. Welborn 

47 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 NOV Inc. s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. NOV Inc. s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgement and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 Management has used the 2013 framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm which also has audited the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ Clay C. Williams 

Clay C. Williams 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Jose A. Bayardo 

Jose A. Bayardo 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Houston, Texas 
 February 14, 2023 
 
 48 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of NOV Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited NOV Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, NOV Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

February 14, 2023 

49 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of NOV Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NOV Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income (loss), comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and stockholders equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Revenue recognition under long-term construction contracts 

Description of the Matter 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue over time for certain long-term construction contracts using an input method described as the cost-to-cost approach to determine the extent of progress towards completion of performance obligations. Under the cost-to-cost approach, the determination of the progress towards completion requires management to prepare estimates of the costs to complete. For material fixed price contracts, estimates are subject to considerable judgment and could be impacted by such items as changes to the project schedule and the cost of labor and material. Auditing management s estimate of the progress towards completion of its projects involved subjectivity as the costs to complete forecasts of fixed price contracts are subject to considerable judgment. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s estimate of the progress towards completion of its projects, including key controls related to monitoring projected project costs. 

50 

To test the Company s estimate of the progress towards completion of its projects, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the significant assumptions discussed above to develop the estimated cost to complete and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. To assess management s estimated costs, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, agreeing the estimates to supporting documentation; conducting interviews with project personnel; attending selected project review meetings; performing observations of select projects to observe progress; and performing lookback analyses to historical actual costs to assess management s ability to estimate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since at least 1995, but we are unable to determine the specific year. 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 14, 2023 
 51 

NOV INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except share data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Receivables, net 

Inventories, net 

Contract assets 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Lease right-of-use assets, operating 

Lease right-of-use assets, financing 

Goodwill 

Intangibles, net 

Investment in unconsolidated affiliates 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Current portion of lease liabilities 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Accrued income taxes 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Lease liabilities 

Deferred income taxes 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock - par value ; billion shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Retained earnings 

() 

() 

Total Company stockholders' equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 52 

NOV INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMEN TS OF INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In millions, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Sales 

Services 

Rental 

Total 

Cost of revenue 

Sales 

Services 

Rental 

Total 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative 

Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment 

Long-lived asset impairment 

Operating profit (loss) 

() 

() 

Interest and financial costs 

() 

() 

() 

Interest income 

Equity income (loss) in unconsolidated affiliates 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

() 

Income (Loss) before income taxes 

() 

() 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net income (loss) attributable to Company 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to Company per share: 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

Cash dividends per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 53 

NOV INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Currency translation adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

Derivative financial instruments, net of tax 

() 

() 

Change in defined benefit plans, net of tax 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

- 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Company 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

54 

NOV INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Russia/Belarus Impairment and loss on assets held for sale 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Equity (income) loss in unconsolidated affiliates 

() 

Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment 

Long-lived asset impairment 

Provision for inventory losses 

() 

Other, net 

Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 

Receivables 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

Contract assets 

() 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued liabilities 

() 

() 

Contract liabilities 

() 

Income taxes payable 

() 

Other assets/liabilities, net 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings against lines of credit and other debt 

Payments against lines of credit and other debt 

() 

() 

() 

Financing leases 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Debt issuance and extinguishment costs 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rates on cash 

() 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash payments (refunds) during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 55 

NOV INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In millions) 

Shares Issued and Outstanding 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Retained Earnings (Loss) 

Total Company Stockholders' Equity 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends, per common share 

() 

() 

() 

Adoption of new accounting standards 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Withholding taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends, per common share 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock issued in acquisition 

Withholding taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Net Income 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends, per common share 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Withholding taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of equity in non-controlling interest 

() 

() 

Other 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 56 

NOV INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

at the time of purchase. 
 but may have longer terms depending on the underlying cash flows being hedged, typically related to the projects in our backlog.) million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, consisting primarily of obsolete and surplus inventories. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , inventory reserves totaled million and million, or and of gross inventory, respectively. 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The estimated useful lives of the major classes of property, plant and equipment are included in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. We record impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations when events and circumstances indicate that the assets are impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the carrying amount of those assets. The carrying value of assets used in operations that are not recoverable is reduced to fair value if lower than carrying value. In determining the fair market value of the assets, we consider market trends and recent transactions involving sales of similar assets, or when not available, discounted cash flow analysis. Impairments of plant, property and equipment were million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 million, million, and million for acquisitions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally, the Company paid million in stock (consisting of million shares) for acquisitions in 2021. These acquisitions did not have a material effect on the Company s operating results, cash flows or financial position. 
 million, million, and million for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in other income (expense) in the accompanying statement of income (loss). 
 Revenue Recognition under Long-term Construction Contracts Revenue is recognized over-time for certain long-term construction contracts in the Completion Production Solutions and Rig Technologies segments. These contracts include custom designs for customer-specific applications that are unique and require significant engineering efforts. Revenue is recognized as work progresses on each contract. Right to payment is enforceable for performance completed to date, including a reasonable profit. Because of control transferring over time, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. We generally use the cost-to-cost (input) measure of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of assets to the customer which occurs as we incur costs. Under the cost-to-cost measure of progress, progress towards completion of each contract is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Revenues, including estimated fees or profits, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. These costs include labor, materials, subcontractors costs, and other direct costs. Any expected losses on a project are recorded in full in the period in which the loss becomes probable. These long-term construction contracts generally include integrating a complex set of tasks and components into a single project or capability so they are accounted for as one performance obligation. Estimating total revenue and cost at completion of long-term construction contracts is complex, subject to many variables and requires significant judgement. It is common for our long-term contracts to contain late delivery fees, work performance guarantees, and other provisions that can either increase or decrease the transaction price. We estimate variable consideration as the most likely amount we expect to receive. We include variable consideration in the estimated transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur, or when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Our estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based on an assessment of our anticipated performance and historical, current and forecasted information that is reasonably available to us. Net revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, primarily due to change orders. 
 
 or more. We do not disclose the remaining performance obligations of royalty contracts, service contracts for which there is a right to invoice, and short-term contracts that are expected to have a duration of one year or less. 
 million. The Company expects to recognize approximately million in revenue for the remaining performance obligations in 2023 and million in 2024 and thereafter. 

Net provisions for warranties issued during the year 

Amounts incurred 

() 

Currency translation adjustments 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net provisions for warranties issued during the year 

Amounts incurred 

() 

Currency translation adjustments and other 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

million and million, respectively. 

realizable value on excess and obsolete inventory, contingencies, estimated liabilities for litigation and environmental exposures and liquidated damages, estimated warranty costs, estimates related to pension accounting, estimates related to the fair value of Reporting Units for purposes of assessing goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment and estimates related to deferred tax assets and liabilities, including valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Dilutive effect of employee stock options and other unvested stock awards 

Diluted outstanding shares 

Basic income (loss) attributable to Company per share 

() 

() 

Diluted income (loss) attributable to Company per share 

() 

() 

Cash dividends per share 

Net income (loss) attributable to Company allocated to participating securities was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and therefore not excluded from net income (loss) attributable to Company per share calculation. The Company had stock options outstanding that were anti-dilutive totaling million, million, and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

61 

million and liabilities of million (currency related derivatives) using level 2 inputs (inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that are observable either directly or indirectly for substantially the full term of the asset or liability) in the fair value hierarchy as the fair value is based on publicly available foreign exchange and interest rates at each financial reporting date. At December 31, 2022 , the net fair value of the Company s foreign currency forward contracts totaled a net liability of million. 

KRW 

Norwegian Krone 
 
 NOK 

NOK 

U.S. Dollar 
 
 USD 

USD 

Japanese Yen 
 
 JPY 

JPY 

Brazilian Real 
 
 BRL 

BRL 

Mexican Peso 
 
 MXN 

MXN 

South African Rand 
 
 ZAR 

ZAR 

Euro 
 
 EUR 

EUR 

Singapore Dollar 
 
 SGD 

SGD 

British Pound Sterling 
 
 GBP 

GBP 

Danish Krone 
 
 DKK 

DKK 

Canadian Dollar 
 
 CAD 

CAD 

Russian Ruble 
 
 RUB 

RUB 

Cash Flow Hedging Strategy To protect against the volatility of forecasted foreign currency cash flows resulting from forecasted revenues and expenses, the Company maintains a cash flow hedging program. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as a cash flow hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss and reclassified into earnings in the same line item associated with the forecasted transaction and in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings (e.g., in revenues when the hedged transactions are cash flows associated with forecasted revenues). The Company includes time value in hedge relationships. The Company does not expect a material amount to be reclassified into earnings within the next twelve months. Non-designated Hedging Strategy The Company enters into forward exchange contracts to hedge certain nonfunctional currency monetary accounts. The gain or loss on the derivative instrument is recognized in earnings in other income (expense), together with the changes in the hedged nonfunctional monetary accounts. The amount of gain (loss) recognized in other income (expense), net was million, million and million for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Accrued liabilities 

Foreign exchange contracts 
 
 Other Assets 

Other Liabilities 

Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments under ASC Topic 815 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments under ASC Topic 815 

Foreign exchange contracts 
 
 Prepaid and other current assets 

Accrued liabilities 

Total derivatives 

Work in process 

Finished goods and purchased products 

Less: Inventory reserve 

() 

() 

Total 

Buildings and improvements 

Operating equipment 

Rental equipment 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation 

() 

() 

billion of goodwill and million of identified intangible assets at December 31, 2022. 

Wellbore Technologies 

Completion Production Solutions 

Rig Technologies 

Total 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Goodwill acquired during period 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Goodwill acquired during period 

Adjustment during the measurement period of assets acquired 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 (1) 

(1) Accumulated goodwill impairment was million as of December 31, 2022 . 

Identified intangible assets with determinable lives consist primarily of customer relationships, trademarks, trade names, patents, and technical drawings acquired in acquisitions, and are being amortized in a manner consistent with the underlying cash flows over the estimated useful lives of - years. Amortization expense of identified intangibles is expected to be approximately million, million, million, million, and million for the next five years. 

Additions to intangible assets 

Amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Currency translation adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Additions to intangible assets 

Adjustment during the measurement period of assets acquired 

Amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Currency translation adjustments 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

Trademarks 

() 

Patents 

() 

Indefinite-lived trade names 

Other 

() 

Total identified intangibles 

() 

December 31, 2022: 

Customer relationships 

() 

Trademarks 

() 

Patents 

() 

Indefinite-lived trade names 

Other 

() 

Total identified intangibles 

() 

Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill and intangibles with indefinite lives are not amortized. Goodwill is assigned to the reporting units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of a business combination. The recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles is assessed annually, or more frequently as needed when events or changes have occurred that would suggest an impairment of carrying value, by determining whether the fair values of the applicable reporting units exceed their carrying values. The impairment analysis compares the reporting unit s carrying value to the respective fair value. Fair value of the reporting unit is determined using significant unobservable inputs, or level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. These inputs are based on internal management estimates, forecasts and judgments, using discounted cash flow. The discounted cash flow is based on management s forecast of operating performance for the reporting unit. The two main assumptions used in measuring goodwill impairment, which bear the risk of change and could impact the Company s goodwill impairment analysis, include the cash flow from operations from each reporting unit and its weighted average cost of capital. The starting point for each of the reporting unit s cash flow from operations is the detailed annual plan or updated forecast. Cash flows beyond the updated forecasted operating plans are estimated using a terminal value calculation, which incorporates historical and forecasted financial cyclical trends for each reporting unit and considered long-term earnings growth rates. The financial and credit market volatility directly impacts our fair value measurement through our weighted average cost of capital that we use to determine our discount rate. During times of volatility, significant judgment must be applied to determine whether credit changes are a short-term or long-term trend. Management reviews finite-lived intangibles for indicators of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Cash flows expected to be generated by the finite-lived intangibles are estimated over the intangible asset s useful life based on updated projections on an undiscounted basis. If the evaluation indicates that the carrying value of the finite-lived intangible asset may not be recoverable, the potential impairment is measured at fair value. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company performed its annual impairment test, as described in ASC Topic 350, as of October 1, 2022 . Based on the Company s annual impairment test, the calculated fair values for all of the Company s reporting units with remaining goodwill were in excess of the respective reporting unit s carrying value. During the first quarter of 2020, negative market indicators constituted a triggering event and the results of the Company s test for impairment resulted in the Company recording million in impairment charges to goodwill. Additionally , million in charges to indefinite-lived intangible assets were recorded in 2020 for this triggering event. The goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment during 2020 was a triggering event that indicated that the Company s long-lived tangible assets and finite-lived intangible assets were also impaired. Impairment testing determined that certain long-lived assets associated with most of the Company s asset groups were not recoverable. The estimated fair value of these asset groups was below the carrying value and as a result, during the first quarter of 2020, the Company recorded impairment charges of million to customer relationships, patents, trademarks, tradenames, and other finite- lived intangible assets, million to property, plant and equipment, and million for right-of-use assets. Additionally, the Company recorded a million impairment on its equity investment in unconsolidated affiliates. impairment of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets was recorded in 2022 or 2021. 

Vendor costs 

Taxes (non-income) 

Warranty 

Insurance 

Commissions 

Fair value of derivatives 

Interest 

Other 

Total 

Company s business. Residual value guarantees are not typically part of the Company s leases. Occasionally, the Company sub-leases excess facility space, generally at terms similar to the source lease. The Company reviews new agreements to determine if they include a lease and, when they do, uses its incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the future lease payments as most do not include implicit interest rates. The Company recorded right-of-use asset impairment charges of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Financing 

Total 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Long-term portion of lease liability: 

Operating 

Financing 

Total 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Operating lease cost 

Short-term lease cost 

Sub-lease income 

() 

() 

Total 

Operating cash flows - operating leases 

Financing cash flows - finance leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new: 

Operating lease liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term at December 31, 2022: 

Operating leases 
 
 years 

years 

Finance leases 
 
 years 

years 

Weighted average discount rate at December 31, 2022: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

() 

() 

Present value of lease liabilities 

billion in Senior Notes, interest at payable semiannually, principal due on 

billion in Senior Notes, interest at payable semiannually, principal due on 

Other debt 

Total Debt 

Less current portion 

Long-term debt 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

The Company has a revolving credit facility with a borrowing capacity of billion through October 30, 2024, and a borrowing capacity of billion from October 31, 2024, to October 30, 2025. The Company has the right to increase the commitments under this agreement to an aggregate amount of up to billion upon the consent of only those lenders holding any such increase. Interest under the multicurrency facility is based upon subject to a ratings-based grid or the U.S. prime rate. The credit facility contains a financial covenant regarding maximum debt-to-capitalization ratio of . As of December 31, 2022 , the Company was in compliance with a debt-to-capitalization ratio of and had outstanding borrowings or letters of credit issued under the facility, resulting in billion of available funds. Additionally, a consolidated joint venture of the Company borrowed million against a million bank line of credit for the construction of a facility in Saudi Arabia. Interest under the bank line of credit is based upon LIBOR plus . The bank line of credit contains a financial covenant regarding maximum debt-to-equity ratio of . As of December 31, 2022, the joint venture was in compliance. Upon completion of the facility construction in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company will not have future borrowings on the line of credit, with repayments beginning and final payment no later than . As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a carrying value of million in borrowings related to this line of credit. The carrying value of debt under the Company's consolidated joint venture approximates fair value because the interest rates are variable and reflective of current market rates. The Company has million in payments related to this line of credit due in the next twelve months. The Company can repay the entire outstanding facility balance without penalty at its sole discretion. Other debt at December 31, 2022 included million of funding provided by minority interest partners of NOV consolidated joint ventures, of which million is due in the next twelve months. The Company had million of outstanding letters of credit at December 31, 2022, primarily in the U.S. and Norway, that are under various bilateral letter of credit facilities. Letters of credit are issued as bid bonds, advanced payment bonds and performance bonds. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the fair value of the Company's unsecured Senior Notes approximated million and million, respectively. The fair value of the Company's debt is estimated using Level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy and is based on quoted prices for those of similar instruments. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the carrying value of the Company's unsecured Senior Notes approximated million and million, respectively. 

 million, million, and million, respectively, and all funding is current. In 2021, NOV announced and filed for the defined benefit plan in the United States to be settled. As part of that process, the benefit accrual for the employees represented by a collective bargaining agreement was ended as of November 30, 2021. The plan settlement, which would result in the full settlement of the Company s obligations, is expected to be completed in early 2023. Plan participants will receive their full accrued benefits from plan assets through annuity contracts with a qualifying third-party annuity provider. Upon settlement, we expect to recognize pre-tax pension settlement charges that will include (1) a non-cash charge for the recognition of all pre-tax actuarial losses accumulated in accumulated other comprehensive loss million as of December 31, 2022) and (2) any cash contributions to settle the Plan s obligations million net projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022). The actual amount of the settlement charges and any potential cash contribution will depend on various factors, including interest rates and plan asset returns. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company offered a new benefit plan providing retiree medical coverage in the United States, and approximately employees are eligible for this coverage. In addition, approximately U.S. retirees and/or spouses participate in plans that provide post-retirement healthcare and/or life insurance benefits. Net periodic benefit income (cost) for our Defined Benefit pension plans aggregated million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial loss (gain) 

() 

() 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Exchange rate loss (gain) 

() 

() 

Plan amendments 

Settlements 

() 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Company contributions 

Exchange rate gain (loss) 

() 

() 

Settlements 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded status 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year 

Liabilities associated with the funded status of the defined benefit pension plans are included in the balances of accrued liabilities and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Defined Benefit Pension Plans Assumed long-term rates of return on plan assets, discount rates and rates of compensation increases vary for the different plans according to the local economic conditions. - 
 
 - 

International plans 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Salary increase: 

United States plan 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

International plans 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

International plans 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Salary increase: 

United States plan 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

International plans 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expected return on assets: 

United States plan 

International plans 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

In determining the overall expected long-term rate of return for plan assets, the Company takes into consideration the historical experience as well as future expectations of the asset mix involved. As different investments yield different returns, each asset category is reviewed individually and then weighted for significance in relation to the total portfolio. The majority of our plans have projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets. The Company expects to pay future benefit amounts on its pension plans of approximately million for each of the next and aggregate payments of million. Plan Assets The Company and its investment advisers collaboratively reviewed market opportunities using historic and statistical data, as well as the actuarial valuation reports for the plans, to ensure that the levels of acceptable return and risk are well-defined and monitored. Currently, the Company s management believes that there are no significant concentrations of risk associated with plan assets. Our pension investment strategy worldwide prohibits a direct investment in our own stock. 

Bonds 

Other (insurance contracts) 

Total Fair Value Measurements 

December 31, 2022: 

Equity securities 

Bonds 

Other (insurance contracts) 

Total Fair Value Measurements 

Level 3 inputs are unobservable (i.e., supported by little or no market activity). Level 3 inputs include management s own judgement about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability (including assumptions about risk). 

Actual return on plan assets still held at reporting date 

() 

Purchases, sales and settlements 

() 

Currency translation adjustments 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Actual return on plan assets still held at reporting date 

() 

Purchases, sales and settlements 

() 

Currency translation adjustments 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Cost of revenue 

() 

() 

Selling, general, and administrative 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Tax effect 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

The Company s reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. A majority of the Company s international entities in which there is a substantial investment have the local currency as their functional currency. As a result, currency translation adjustments resulting from the process of translating the entities financial statements into the reporting currency are reported in other comprehensive income or (loss). The Company recorded other comprehensive loss of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The effect of changes in the fair values of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are accumulated in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, until the underlying transactions are realized. The movement in other comprehensive income (loss) from period to period will be the result of the combination of changes in fair value of open derivatives and the outflow of other comprehensive income (loss) related to cumulative changes in the fair value of derivatives that have settled in the current period. The accumulated effect was other comprehensive income (loss) of million (net of million tax), million (net of million tax) and million (net of million tax) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

 The Company has assessed the potential for additional losses above the amounts accrued as well as potential losses for matters that are believed to be not probable, but are reasonably possible. The Company sets accruals in accordance with GAAP based on its best judgment about the probable results of disputed claims, regulatory enforcement actions, tax and other governmental audits, and other contingencies. The litigation process as well as the outcome of regulatory oversight is inherently uncertain, and our best judgment concerning the probable outcome of litigation or regulatory enforcement matters may prove to be incorrect. No assurance can be given as to the outcome of these matters. The total potential loss on these matters cannot be determined; however, in our opinion, any ultimate liability, to the extent not otherwise provided for, will not materially affect our financial position, cash flow or results of operations. These estimated liabilities are based on the Company s assessment of the nature of these matters, their progress toward resolution, the advice of legal counsel and outside experts as well as management s experience. Because of uncertainty and risk inherent to litigation, arbitration, audits, governmental investigations and enforcement actions, the Company s actual liabilities incurred may exceed our estimated liabilities and reserves, which could have a material financial or reputational impact on the Company. In 2022, the Company received and paid a million transfer pricing tax assessment in Denmark. The Company and its advisors believe the assessment is without merit. The Company is presently appealing and believes it will be reimbursed following a successful appeals process. The payment has been recorded as a long-term receivable. In many instances, the Company s products and services embody or incorporate trade secrets or patented inventions. From time to time, we are engaged i n disputes concerning protection of the Company s trade secrets and confidential information, patents, and other intellectual property rights. Such disputes frequently involve complex, factual, technical and/or legal issues which result in high costs to adjudicate our rights and for which it may be difficult to predict the ultimate outcome. At any given time, the Company may be a plaintiff or defendant in disputes involving disputed intellectual property rights. The Company is currently pursuing, and intends to pursue future claims involving revenue recognized for technology related to drill bits. The Company is suing for breach of agreements pursuant to which certain drill bit manufacturers have licensed the Company s intellectual property. The amount of the Company's claims for outstanding receivables exceeds million dollars, and is likely to increase over time until we achieve resolution of such claims. Because of the importance of the Company s intellectual property to the Company s performance, an adverse result in such disputes could result in a material loss of revenue from royalties or a decline in sales of products protected by patents, which could materially and adversely impact our financial performance. Further, in some instances, direct or indirect consumers of our products and services or members of the supply chain for our products and services become involved in governmental investigations, internal investigations, political or other enforcement matters. In such circumstances, such investigations may adversely impact the ability of consumers of our products, entities providing financial support to such consumers or entities in the supply chain to timely perform their business plans or to timely perform under agreements with us. We may, from time to time, become involved in these investigations, at substantial cost to the Company. We also are subject to trade regulations, supply chain regulations, and other regulatory compliance in which the laws and regulations of different jurisdictions conflict or these regulations may conflict with contractual terms. In such circumstances, our compliance with U.S. laws and regulations may subject us to risk of fines, penalties, or contractual liability in other jurisdictions. Our efforts to actively manage such risks may not always be successful which could lead to negative impacts on revenue or earnings. The Company is exposed to customs and trade regulation risk in the countries in which we do business and countries from which or to which we import or export goods. Such trade regulations can be complex and conflicting, as different countries use trade regulation to promote conflicting policy objectives. Compliance with these laws and regulations present challenges which could result in future liabilities (for example, when laws conflict between countries). The Company may face increased tariffs and trade costs, loss of revenue, loss of customers, increased costs, the need for renegotiation of agreements, and other business disruptions. In addition, trade regulations, export controls, and other laws adversely impact our ability to do business in certain countries, e.g., Iran, Syria, Russia, China and Venezuela. In response to additional sanctions enacted by governments in the European Union, the United States, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, and other countries as a result of active armed conflict in Ukraine, we ceased new investments in Russia and have curtailed our activities in Russia. During the third quarter of 2022, we sold our business in Belarus and committed to a plan to sell our business in Russia. The sale is subject to government approval under Russian law. Litigation may result from the confluence of these events in Russia and Belarus and our response to the various sanctions as we work to comply with applicable laws and regulations. We also may incur severance costs as a result of conditions in Russia if we are unable to obtain government approval. Uncertainty arising from the COVID-19 pandemic continues to adversely impact many jurisdictions and disrupt normal economic activities. For example, lockdowns in China have disrupted supply chains for the Company s vendors and products. The Company s ability to manufacture equipment and perform services could also be impaired and the Company could be exposed to liabilities resulting from additional interruption or delay in its ability to perform due to limited manpower, travel restrictions, difficulty obtaining visas, adverse health consequences to employees, supply chain disruption, inflationary pressures, and materials shortages. The Company continues to see operational delays due to supply chain disruption and closure or limitations imposed on our facilities and work force regulations. We also face sometimes conflicting regulatory and legal regulations, for example, vaccine mandates and prohibitions of vaccine mandates. We may face loss of workers, labor shortages, litigation, fines and/or other adverse consequences resulting from vaccine mandates and enforcement of other COVID-19 regulations. Disputes may arise regarding application of force majeure contract provisions and allocation of responsibility among customers, the Company, and suppliers, resulting in material added cost and/or litigation. Our customers may attempt to cancel or delay projects, cancel contracts, or may invoke force majeure clauses. Our customers may also seek to delay or may default on their payments to us. As a result, the Company may be exposed to additional costs, liabilities and risks which could materially, adversely impact our financial performance and results. These potential operational and service delays resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic could result in contractual or other legal claims from our customers. At this time, it is not possible to quantify all these risks, but the combination of these factors could have a material impact on our financial results. Due to market conditions and ongoing concerns about the energy transition, demand for our products and services may decline. Legal restrictions on exploration and production may impede our customer s ability to do business in certain jurisdictions. The political environment may adversely impact demand for hydrocarbons in different jurisdictions or world wide. The demand for energy may be constrained with adverse consequences for our customers and for the company. 

 billion shares of par value common stock. The Company also has authorized million shares of par value preferred stock, of which is issued or outstanding. Cash dividends aggregated million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and will be dependent upon the Company s results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the Company s Board of Directors. Total compensation cost that has been charged against income for all share-based compensation arrangements was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total income tax benefit recognized before consideration of valuation allowance in the consolidated statements of income for all share-based compensation arrangements was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company s stock-based compensation plan, known as the NOV Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (the NOV Plan ), was approved by shareholders on May 11, 2018 and amended and restated on May 24, 2022. The NOV Plan provides for the granting of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, phantom shares, stock appreciation rights, stock payments and substitute awards. The number of shares authorized under the NOV Plan is million. The NOV Plan is also subject to a fungible ratio concept, such that the issuance of stock options and stock appreciation rights reduces the number of available shares under the NOV Plan on a 1-for-1 basis, and the issuance of other awards reduces the number of available shares under the NOV Plan on a 1.5-for-1 basis. At December 31, 2022, approximately million shares remained available for future grants under the NOV Plan. The Company also has outstanding awards under its other stock-based compensation plan known as the National Oilwell Varco, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ), however the Company is no longer granting new awards under the Plan. The Plan provides for the granting of stock options, performance-based share awards, restricted stock, phantom shares, stock payments and stock appreciation rights SARs ). The number of shares authorized under the Plan is million. The Plan is subject to a fungible ratio concept, such that the issuance of stock options and SARs reduces the number of available shares under the Plan on a 1-for-1 basis, and the issuance of other awards reduces the number of available shares under the Plan on a 3-for-1 basis. Stock Options The purchase price of options granted may not be less than the closing market price of NOV common stock on the date of grant. Stock option information summarized below includes amounts for the NOV Plan and the Plan and stock plans of acquired companies. Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 under the stock option plans have exercise prices between and per share, and expire at various dates from February 16, 2023 to February 16, 2032. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Shares under option at end of year 

Exercisable at end of year 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

The weighted-average fair value of options granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020, was approximately , and per share, respectively, as determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2022 and 2021 was million and , respectively. The determination of fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, and actual and projected employee stock option exercise activity. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected term (in years) 

The Company used the actual volatility for traded options for the past 10 years prior to option date as the expected volatility assumption required in the Black Scholes model. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates appropriate for the term of our employee stock options. The dividend yield assumption is based on the history and expectation of dividend payouts. The estimated expected term is based on actual employee exercise activity for the past ten years. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022 , total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options was million. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of . The total fair value of stock options vested in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. Cash received from option exercises for 2022 was million. Cash received from option exercises in 2021 and 2020 was . The actual tax benefit (expense) realized for the tax deductions from option exercises was for in 2022, 2021, and 2020. Stock Appreciation Rights On December 20, 2017, the Company made a tender offer to exchange SARs issued to certain employees on February 24, 2016 2016 SARs for cash, amended SARs, and new stock options. The transaction was structured to provide the employees an equal long-term incentive compensation value, while alleviating volatility in the Company s earnings caused by required mark-to-market accounting on outstanding SARS. Of the outstanding 2016 SARs, were exchanged resulting in a total cash payment of million and granting of new stock options on the exchange date with an exercise price of and a fair value of , with vesting matched to the exchanged 2016 SARs. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

Exercised 

Shares under SARs at end of year 

Exercisable at end of year 

The Company recognized expense in 2022, 2021 , or 2020. There was liability for cash-settled SARs at December 31, 2022. Restricted Shares The Company issues restricted stock awards and restricted stock units to officers and key employees in addition to stock options. On February 15, 2022, under the NOV Plan, the Company granted stock options with a fair value of per option and an exercise price of per share; restricted stock units with a fair value of per share; and performance share awards (PSAs) to senior management employees with potential payouts varying from to shares. The stock options vest over a three-year period from the grant date. equal annual installments commencing on the first anniversary of the grant date. : with a TSR (total shareholder return) goal and with an internal NVA NOV Value Added , a return on capital metric) goal. TSR performance is determined by comparing the Company s TSR with the TSR of the members of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange s Oil Services Sector Index (OSX) for the three-year performance period. The TSR portion of the performance share awards is subject to a vesting cap equal to 100 of Target Level if the Company s absolute TSR is negative, regardless of relative TSR results. Conversely, if the Company s absolute TSR is greater than 15 annualized over the three-year performance period the payout amount shall not be less than 50 of Target Level, regardless of relative TSR results. The NVA goal is based on the Company s improvement in NVA from the beginning of the performance period until the end of the performance period. NVA is calculated as an amount equal to the Company s (a) gross cash earnings less (b) average gross operating assets times an amount equal to a required return on assets, with certain adjustments. On May 24, 2022 the Company granted restricted stock units with a fair value of per share. The restricted stock units were granted to non-employee members of the board of directors and vest on the first anniversary of the grant date. 

Granted 

Vested 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Forfeited 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Nonvested at end of year 

At December 31, 2022 , there was approximately million of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock awards and restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of . 

International 

Eliminations 

() 

() 

Land 

Offshore 

Eliminations 

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Completion 

Wellbore 

Production 

Rig 

Technologies 

Solutions 

Technologies 

Eliminations 

Total 

North America 

International 

Eliminations 

() 

() 

Land 

Offshore 

Eliminations 

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Completion 

Wellbore 

Production 

Rig 

Technologies 

Solutions 

Technologies 

Eliminations 

Total 

North America 

International 

Eliminations 

() 

() 

Land 

Offshore 

Eliminations 

() 

() 

The Company did t have any customers with revenues greater than of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. Contract Assets and Liabilities Contract assets include unbilled amounts when revenue recognized exceeds the amount billed to the customer under contracts where revenue is recognized over-time. There were impairment losses recorded on contract assets for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Contract liabilities consist of advance payments, billings in excess of revenue recognized and deferred revenue. 

Provision, net 

() 

Billings 

() 

Revenue recognized 

() 

Currency translation adjustments and other 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

77 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

() 

State 

- 

() 

() 

Foreign 

Total current income tax provision 

() 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

State 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

Total deferred income tax provision 

() 

() 

() 

Total income tax provision 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign income tax rate differential 

() 

() 

Goodwill impairment 

Reduction of FTC carryforwards 

Tax Benefit from CARES Act 

() 

Change in deferred tax valuation allowance 

() 

Nondeductible expenses 

Foreign dividends, net of foreign tax credits 

Change in uncertain tax positions 

State income taxes - net of federal benefit 

() 

() 

Income tax credits 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Total income tax provision 

() 

The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was , compared to for 2021. For the year-ended 2022, the effective tax rate was negatively impacted by current year losses in certain jurisdictions with no tax benefit, partially offset by favorable adjustments related to foreign currency translation gains and the utilization of losses and tax credits for prior year tax returns. For the year ended December 31, 2021 the effective tax rate was negatively impacted by losses in certain jurisdictions with no tax benefit, partially offset by favorable adjustments related to utilization of losses and tax credits for prior year tax returns. 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Stock Compensation 

Tax credit carryforwards 

Other 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Tax over book depreciation 

Capital leases 

Intangible assets 

Deferred income 

Accrued tax on unremitted earnings 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liability 

The valuation allowance decreased by million during 2022. This decrease is comprised of million due to the expiration of foreign tax credit carryforwards in the US, million for the removal of deferred tax assets for operations in Russia and Belarus, million to remove other forfeited NOLs resulting from legal entity mergers and dissolutions, million related to FX and million related to changes in Other Comprehensive Income, partially offset by an increase of million related to current year changes in the carrying value of deferred tax assets. 

Gross increase for tax positions in prior years 

Gross decrease for tax positions in prior years 

() 

() 

() 

Cash Settlements 

() 

() 

() 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

() 

() 

() 

Unrecognized tax benefit at end of year 

The balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Accruals related to prior year domestic and foreign jurisdiction issues resulted in uncertain tax position increases of million in 2022 . Resolutions of domestic and foreign jurisdiction audits resulted in a million decrease in uncertain tax provisions for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Substantially all of the unrecognized tax benefits, if ultimately realized, would be recorded as a benefit to the effective tax rate. The Company does not anticipate any material change within the next twelve months due to settlements and conclusions of tax examinations. To the extent penalties and interest would be assessed on any underpayment of income tax, such accrued amounts have been classified as a component of income tax expense in the financial statements consistent with the Company s policy. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded income tax expense of million, million and million, respectively, for interest and penalty related to unrecognized tax benefits. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had accrued million and million, respectively, of interest and penalty relating to unrecognized tax benefits. The Company is subject to taxation in the United States as well as various states and foreign jurisdictions. The Company has significant operations in the United States, Norway, Saudi Arabia, Brazil, China, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Denmark, and Mexico. Tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions vary by legal entity, but are generally open in the U.S. for tax years ending after 2013 and outside the U.S. for tax years ending after 2017. 

2028 - 2042 Expiration 

Unlimited Expiration 

Total Net Operating Loss (NOL) 

Tax Effected NOL 

The Company has million of excess foreign tax credits in the United States as of December 31, 2022 , of which million, million, million, million, and million will expire in 2027, 2028, 2030, 2031, and 2032 respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has remaining tax-deductible goodwill of million, resulting from acquisitions. The amortization of this goodwill is deductible over various periods ranging up to years. 

 operating segments: Wellbore Technologies, Completion Production Solutions and Rig Technologies. Wellbore Technologies The Company s Wellbore Technologies segment designs, manufactures, rents, and sells a variety of equipment and technologies used to perform drilling operations, and offers services that optimize their performance, including: solids control and waste management equipment and services; portable power generation; drill pipe; wired pipe; drilling optimization and automation services; tubular inspection, repair and coating services; instrumentation; measuring and monitoring; downhole and fishing tools; steerable technologies; and drill bits. Wellbore Technologies focuses on oil and gas companies and supports drilling contractors, oilfield service companies, and oilfield equipment rental companies. Demand for the segment s products and services depends on the level of oilfield drilling activity by oil and gas companies, drilling contractors, and oilfield service companies. Completion Production Solutions The Company s Completion Production Solutions segment integrates technologies for well completions and oil and gas production. The segment designs, manufactures, and services equipment and technologies needed for hydraulic fracture stimulation, including downhole multistage fracturing tools, pressure pumping trucks, blenders, sanders, hydration units, injection units, flowline, and manifolds; well intervention, including coiled tubing units, coiled tubing, and wireline units and tools; well construction, including premium connections and liner hangers; onshore production, including composite pipe, surface transfer and progressive cavity pumps, and artificial lift systems; and, offshore production, including floating production systems and subsea production technologies. The segment also manufactures industrial pumps and mixers. Completion Production Solutions supports service companies and oil and gas companies. Demand for the segment s products depends on the level of oilfield completions and workover activity by oilfield service companies and drilling contractors, and capital spending plans by oil and gas companies and oilfield service companies. The segment also designs and manufactures equipment for industrial markets. This includes specialized, technology-driven progressive cavity pumps and mixers for a wide breadth of industrial end markets with high failure costs, premium pole products to support connectivity, lighting, and power for municipal and residential applications including 5G, smart-city infrastructure, roads and highways, and energy-grid modernization. Demand for these products is driven by general industrial activity and infrastructure spend. Rig Technologies The Company s Rig Technologies segment manufactures and supports the capital equipment and integrated systems needed to drill oil and gas wells on land and offshore as well as other marine-based markets, including offshore wind vessels. The segment designs, manufactures and sells land rigs, offshore drilling equipment packages, including installation and commissioning services, and drilling rig components that mechanize and automate the drilling process and rig functionality. Equipment and technologies the segment provides to customers include: substructures, derricks, and masts; cranes; jacking systems; pipe lifting, racking, rotating, and assembly systems; fluid transfer technologies, such as mud pumps; pressure control equipment, including blowout preventers; power transmission systems, including drives and generators; rig instrumentation and control systems; mooring, anchor, and deck handling machinery; major equipment components for offshore wind construction vessels; and pipelay and construction systems. The segment also provides spare parts, repair, and rentals as well as comprehensive remote equipment monitoring, technical support, field service, and customer training through an extensive network of aftermarket service and repair facilities strategically located in major areas of drilling operations around the world. Rig Technologies supports land and offshore drillers. Demand for the segment s products depends on drilling contractors and oil and gas companies capital spending plans, specifically capital expenditures on rig construction and refurbishment; and secondarily on the overall level of oilfield drilling activity, which drives demand for spare parts, service, and repair for the segment s large installed base of equipment. The segment also designs and builds equipment for wind turbine installation companies, where demand is dependent on global investment into offshore wind energy developments. Geographic Areas: 

Brazil 

Saudi Arabia 

Norway 

China 

Canada 

United Kingdom 

United Arab Emirates 

Singapore 

South Korea 

Other Countries 

Total 

Saudi Arabia 

Brazil 

United Kingdom 

Denmark 

South Korea 

United Arab Emirates 

Canada 

Mexico 

Singapore 

Russia 

- 

Other Countries 

Total 

Business Segments: 

() 

Operating profit (loss) (2) 

() 

Capital expenditures 

Depreciation and amortization 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

() 

Operating profit (loss) (2) 

() 

() 

() 

Capital expenditures 

Depreciation and amortization 

Goodwill 

- 

Total assets 

December 31, 2020 

Revenue 

() 

Operating profit (loss) (2) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Capital expenditures 

Depreciation and amortization 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

(1) Sales from one segment to another generally are priced at estimated equivalent commercial selling prices; however, segments originating an external sale are credited with the full profit to the Company. Eliminations and corporate costs include intercompany transactions conducted between the three reporting segments that are eliminated in consolidation, as well as corporate costs not allocated to the segments. Intercompany transactions within each reporting segment are eliminated within each reporting segment. Also included in the eliminations and corporate costs column are capital expenditures and total assets related to corporate. Corporate assets consist primarily of cash and fixed assets. 

 (2) Segment operating profit for 2022 includes charges, net of related credits, for: Russia impairment and other charges (Wellbore Technologies million; Completion Production Solutions million; and, Rig Technologies million); credits related to gains on sales of previously reserved inventory (Wellbore Technologies ; Completion Production Solutions million; and, Rig Technologies million); and severance and other restructuring costs (Wellbore Technologies ; Completion Production Solutions million; and, Rig Technologies million). Segment operating loss for 2021 includes charges, net of related credits, for: inventory write-downs net of gains on sales of previously reserved inventory (Wellbore Technologies million; Completion Production Solutions million; and, Rig Technologies million); and severance and other restructuring costs (Wellbore Technologies million; Completion Production Solutions million; and, Rig Technologies million). 

As a result of these actions, we recorded million in impairment and other charges for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which million relates to accumulated foreign currency translation adjustment losses for Russia and Belarus. The impairment and other charges are reported in Cost of revenue million for the year ended December 31, 2022) and Selling, general and administrative million for the year ended December 31, 2022) in our Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). As of December 31, 2022, all our Russian assets and liabilities were classified as held for sale and reported in Prepaid and Other Current Assets and Accrued Liabilities , respectively, in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. We expect to complete the sale of our Russian entities within the next 12 months, subject to regulatory approval. 

 83 

() 

2021 

() 

2020 

() 

Reserve for excess and obsolete inventories: 

2022 

() 

() 

2021 

() 

2020 

() 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets: 

2022 

() 

2021 

2020 

() 

84 

<EX-21>
 2
 nov-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name 
 
 State or Country of Incorporation 

Acker Holdings LLC 
 
 United States 

Advanced Wirecloth, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

AF Global FZE 
 
 United Arab Emirates 

American Pipe and Construction International 
 
 United States 

Ameron B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Ameron International Corporation 
 
 United States 

Ameron Pole Products LLC 
 
 United States 

Ameron Polyplaster Industria E Comercio de Tubos Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 

Ameron Singapore Holding, LLC 
 
 United States 

Andergauge Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Andergauge Redback, LLC 
 
 United States 

APL France SAS [in liquidation] 
 
 France 

APL Norway AS 
 
 Norway 

Arabian Rig Manufacturing Company 
 
 Saudi Arabia 

ASEP Otomotiv Sanayi Ticaret Ltd. 
 
 Turkey 

Big Red Tubulars Limited 
 
 Virgin Islands, British 

Bondstrand Ltd. 
 
 Saudi Arabia 

Chemineer, Inc. 
 
 United States 

Coil Services Middle East LLC 
 
 United Arab Emirates 

Co peratie Intelliserv Holding U.A. 
 
 Netherlands 

Co peratie NOV NL U.A. 
 
 Netherlands 

Elmar Far East Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 

Environmental Procedures LLC 
 
 United States 

Fiber Glass Systems (Qingdao) Composite Piping Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Fiber Glass Systems Oman L.L.C. 
 
 Oman 

Fiber Glass Systems, L.P. 
 
 United States 

Fiberspar Australia Pty. Ltd. 
 
 Australia 

Fibra Ingenieria y Construccion S.A. 
 
 Chile 

Fjords Processing (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Fjords Processing Australia Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 

Fjords Processing France SAS 
 
 France 

Fjords Processing Korea Co. Ltd. 
 
 Korea, Republic of 

Fjords Processing Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Fjords Processing Middle East DMCC 
 
 United Arab Emirates 

Fjords Processing UK Ltd. 
 
 United Kingdom 

Fryma S.a.r.l. 
 
 France 

GPEX, L.P. 
 
 United States 

Grant Prideco (Singapore) Pte Ltd 
 
 Singapore 

Grant Prideco de Venezuela, S.A. 
 
 Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of 

Grant Prideco III C. V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Grant Prideco Jersey Limited 
 
 Jersey Island/Delaware 

Grant Prideco Mauritius Limited 
 
 Mauritius 

Grant Prideco Netherlands B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Grant Prideco PC Composites Holdings, LLC 
 
 United States 

Grant Prideco, Inc. 
 
 United States 

Grant Prideco, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

GustoMSC B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Hebei Huayouyiji Tuboscope Coating Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Hydralift AmClyde, Inc. 
 
 United States 

Hydralift France SAS 
 
 France 

Intelliserv GP Holdings LLC 
 
 United States 

Intelliserv International Holding, Ltd 
 
 Cayman Islands 

IntelliServ Norway AS 
 
 Norway 

Intelliserv, Inc. 
 
 United States 

Intelliserv, LLC 
 
 United States 

JiangYin Tuboscope Tubular Development Co., Ltd 
 
 China 

Keystone Tower Systems, Inc. 
 
 United States 

Midsund Bruk AS 
 
 Norway 

Mono Group Pension Trustees Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Mono Pumps New Zealand Company 
 
 New Zealand 

Monoflo NOV S.A.I.C. 
 
 Argentina 

Moyno, Inc. 
 
 United States 

MSI Pipe Protection Technologies UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

National Oilwell (U.K.) Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

National Oilwell Algerie 
 
 Algeria 

National Oilwell de Venezuela, C.A. 
 
 Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of 

National Oilwell Varco (Beijing) Investment Management Co. Ltd. 
 
 China 

National Oilwell Varco (Thailand) Ltd. 
 
 Thailand 

National Oilwell Varco Algeria 
 
 Algeria 

National Oilwell Varco Almansoori Services 
 
 United Arab Emirates 

National Oilwell Varco Bahrain WLL 
 
 Bahrain 

National Oilwell Varco Belgium SA 
 
 Belgium 

National Oilwell Varco de Bolivia S.R.L. 
 
 Bolivia 

National Oilwell Varco de Chile - Servicios Limitada 
 
 Chile 

National Oilwell Varco Denmark I/S 
 
 Denmark 

National Oilwell Varco do Brasil Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 

National Oilwell Varco Egypt LLC 
 
 Egypt 

National Oilwell Varco Eurasia, LLC 
 
 Russian Federation 

National Oilwell Varco Guatemala, Limitada 
 
 Guatemala 

National Oilwell Varco Guyana Inc. 
 
 Guyana 

National Oilwell Varco Hungary Limited Liability Company 
 
 Hungary 

National Oilwell Varco Korea Co., Ltd. 
 
 Korea, Republic of 

National Oilwell Varco MSW S.A. 
 
 Argentina 

National Oilwell Varco Muscat L.L.C. 
 
 Oman 

National Oilwell Varco Norway AS 
 
 Norway 

National Oilwell Varco Peru S.R.L. 
 
 Peru 

National Oilwell Varco Petroleum Equipment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

National Oilwell Varco Poland Sp.z.o.o. 
 
 Poland 

National Oilwell Varco Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

National Oilwell Varco Rig Equipment Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

National Oilwell Varco Romania S.R.L. 
 
 Romania 

National Oilwell Varco Solutions, S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

National Oilwell Varco UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

National Oilwell Varco Ukraine LLC 
 
 Ukraine 

National Oilwell Varco, L.P. 
 
 United States 

National-Oilwell Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

National-Oilwell Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 

NOV - Oil Services Angola, LDA. 
 
 Angola 

NOV (Asia) Inc. 
 
 Mauritius 

NOV (Barbados) Holding SRL 
 
 Barbados 

NOV (Barbados) SRL 
 
 Barbados 

NOV (Caymans), Ltd. 
 
 Cayman Islands 

NOV (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. 
 
 Malaysia 

NOV Africa Pty Ltd 
 
 South Africa 

NOV APL Limited 
 
 Cyprus 

NOV Australia Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 

NOV Azerbaijan LLC 
 
 United States 

NOV Brandt Europe France 
 
 France 

NOV Brandt Oilfield Services Middle East LLC 
 
 United Arab Emirates 

NOV Canada ULC 
 
 Canada 

NOV CAPS Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

NOV Completion and Production Solutions Korea Ltd. 
 
 Korea, Republic of 

NOV Completion Tools LLC 
 
 Russian Federation 

NOV Denmark Co peratief U.A. 
 
 Netherlands 

NOV Doha Energy Trading and Services LLC 
 
 Qatar 

NOV Downhole Argentina, LLC 
 
 United States 

NOV Downhole Eurasia Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

NOV Downhole Italia S.R.L. 
 
 Italy 

NOV Downhole KZ, LLP 
 
 Kazakhstan 

NOV Downhole Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. 
 
 Malaysia 

NOV Downhole Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 

NOV Downhole Thailand, LLC 
 
 United States 

NOV Elmar (Middle East) Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

NOV Energy Mexico, S. de R.L. De C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

NOV Equipment Manufacturing Sole Proprietorship LLC 
 
 United Arab Emirates 

NOV Eurasia Holding LLC 
 
 United States 

NOV Expatriate Services, Inc. 
 
 United States 

NOV FGS Malaysia Sdn Bhd 
 
 Malaysia 

NOV FGS Singapore (Pte.) Ltd 
 
 Singapore 

NOV Flexibles Equipamentos E Servicos Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 

NOV Fluid Control B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

NOV Gabon SARL 
 
 Gabon 

NOV GEO LP1 LLC 
 
 United States 

NOV GEO LP2 LLC 
 
 United States 

NOV Germany Holding GmbH 
 
 Germany 

NOV Ghana Limited 
 
 Ghana 

NOV Grant Prideco L.L.C. 
 
 United Arab Emirates 

NOV Holding Danmark ApS 
 
 Denmark 

NOV Holding Sub UK 1 Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

NOV Holding UK 1 Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

NOV Holding UK 2 Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

NOV Holdings B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

NOV India Private Limited 
 
 India 

NOV Intelliserv UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

NOV International Holding LLC 
 
 United States 

NOV Intervention Stimulation Equipment US, LLC 
 
 United States 

NOV Intervention and Stimulation Equipment Aftermarket Com rcio de Equipamentos e Servi os Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 

NOV (Jiangsu) Energy Equipment Limited 
 
 China 

NOV Kenya Limited 
 
 Kenya 

NOV Kostroma LLC 
 
 Russian Federation 

NOV Kuwait Light Heavy Equipment Repairing Maintenance Co. 
 
 Kuwait 

NOV Mexico Holding LLC 
 
 United States 

NOV MFG India Private Limited 
 
 India 

NOV Middle East FZCO 
 
 United Arab Emirates 

NOV Mozambique Limitada 
 
 Mozambique 

NOV NL Mexico Holding B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

NOV Oil Gas Services Egypt (S.A.E) 
 
 Egypt 

NOV Oil Gas Services S n gal S.A.R.L. 
 
 Senegal 

NOV Oil Gas Services Uganda Limited 
 
 Uganda, Republic of 

NOV Oil and Gas Services Ghana Limited 
 
 Ghana 

NOV Oil and Gas Services Namibia (Proprietary) Limited 
 
 Namibia 

NOV Oil and Gas Services Nigeria Limited 
 
 Nigeria 

NOV Oil and Gas Services South Africa (Pty) Limited 
 
 South Africa 

NOV Oilfield Services Tanzania Limited 
 
 Tanzania, United Republic of 

NOV Oilfield Services Vostok LLC 
 
 Russian Federation 

NOV Oilfield Solutions Ltd. 
 
 Nigeria 

NOV Park II B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

NOV Process Flow Technologies AS 
 
 Norway 

NOV Process Flow Technologies Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. 
 
 Malaysia 

NOV Process Flow Technologies Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

NOV Process Flow Technologies UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

NOV Products Middle East FZE 
 
 United Arab Emirates 

NOV QFZ LLC 
 
 Qatar 

NOV Rig Solutions Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

NOV Romania, LLC 
 
 United States 

NOV Saudi Arabia Co. Ltd. 
 
 Saudi Arabia 

NOV Saudi Arabia Trading Co. 
 
 Saudi Arabia 

NOV Services Ltd. 
 
 Cayman Islands 

NOV Servicios de Personal Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

NOV Tanajib Kuwait for Services and Maintenance of Oil Rigs, Refineries and Petrochemicals, W.L.L. 
 
 Kuwait 

NOV Tuboscope Italia S.R.L. 
 
 Italy 

NOV Tuboscope Middle East LLC 
 
 United Arab Emirates 

NOV Tuboscope NL B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

NOV Tubulars and Connectors Ltd. 
 
 Nigeria 

NOV UK (Angola Acquisitions) Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

NOV UK Finance Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

NOV UK Holdings Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

NOV UK Holdings LLC 
 
 United States 

NOV UK Korea LP 
 
 United Kingdom 

NOV Wellbore Technologies do Brasil Equipamentos E Servi os Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 

NOV Wellbore Technologies Norway LLC 
 
 United States 

NOV Wellsite Services Germany GmbH 
 
 Germany 

NOV Worldwide B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

NOV-BLM SAS 
 
 France 

NOVM Holding LLC 
 
 United States 

NOW International LLC 
 
 United States 

NOW Oilfield Services, LLC 
 
 United States 

NQL Holland B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Pesaka Inspection Services SDN.BHD. 
 
 Malaysia 

Pipex Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Pipex PX Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

PT Fjords Processing Indonesia 
 
 Indonesia 

PT H-Tech Oilfield Equipment 
 
 Indonesia 

PT Managed Pressure Operations 
 
 Indonesia 

PT National Oilwell Varco 
 
 Indonesia 

PT NOV Oilfield Services 
 
 Indonesia 

PT Profab Indonesia 
 
 Indonesia 

R M Energy Systems Australia Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 

R M Energy Systems de Venezuela, C.A. 
 
 Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of 

R M Singapore Holding LLC 
 
 United States 

RE.MAC.UT. S.r.l. 
 
 Italy 

ReedHycalog International Holding, LLC 
 
 United States 

ReedHycalog UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

ReedHycalog, L.P. 
 
 United States 

RHI Holding LLC 
 
 United States 

Robannic Overseas Finance A.V.V. 
 
 Aruba 

Robbins Myers B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Robbins Myers Foundation 
 
 United States 

Robbins Myers Holdings UK Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Robbins Myers Holdings, LLC 
 
 United States 

Robbins Myers Italia S.R.L. 
 
 Italy 

Robbins Myers N.V. 
 
 Curacao 

Robbins Myers, Inc. 
 
 United States 

Romaco S.a.r.l. 
 
 France 

Slip Clutch Systems Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

STAR Sudamtex Tubulares S.A. 
 
 Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of 

Subseaflex Holding ApS 
 
 Denmark 

T-3 Energy Services Cayman Holdings, Ltd. 
 
 Cayman Islands 

T-3 Energy Services Cayman, Ltd. 
 
 Cayman Islands 

T-3 Energy Services Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

T-3 Energy Services, LLC 
 
 United States 

T-3 Investment Corporation IV 
 
 United States 

T-3 Mexican Holdings, Inc. 
 
 United States 

Telluride Insurance Limited 
 
 Bermuda 

Tianjin Grant TPCO Drilling Tools Company Limited 
 
 China 

Tuboscope Co. LLC 
 
 Oman 

Tuboscope (Holding U.S.) LLC 
 
 United States 

Tuboscope Brandt de Venezuela, S.A. 
 
 Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of 

Tuboscope Norge AS 
 
 Norway 

NOV Germany GmbH 
 
 Germany 

Tuboscope Vetco (France) SAS 
 
 France 

Tuboscope Vetco sterreich) GmbH 
 
 Austria 

Tuboscope Vetco Capital Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Tuboscope Vetco de Argentina S.A. 
 
 Argentina 

Tuboscope Vetco Moscow CJSC 
 
 Russian Federation 

Tubular Coatings Solutions Ltd. 
 
 Saudi Arabia 

Tucom Composites Polyester Sanayi Ticaret Ltd. 
 
 Turkey 

Urban WLY, LP 
 
 United States 

Varco BJ B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Varco CIS, LLC 
 
 Russian Federation 

Varco International de Venezuela, C.A. 
 
 Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of 

Varco US Holdings LLC 
 
 United States 

Varco, L.P. 
 
 United States 

Vetco Enterprise GmbH 
 
 Switzerland 

Vetco Saudi Arabia Ltd. 
 
 Saudi Arabia 

Visible Assets, Inc. 
 
 United States 

voestalpine Tubulars Corporation 
 
 United States 

voestalpine Tubulars GmbH 
 
 Austria 

voestalpine Tubulars GmbH Co KG 
 
 Austria 

Woolley, Inc. 
 
 United States 

XL Systems Antilles, N.V. 
 
 Curacao 

XL Systems Europe B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

XL Systems International, Inc. 
 
 United States 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 nov-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

Form 
 
 Description 

S-8 
 
 National-Oilwell, Inc. Stock Award and Long Term Incentive Plan, Value Appreciation and Incentive Plan A and Value Appreciation and Incentive Plan B (No. 333-15859), 

S-8 
 
 National-Oilwell Retirement and Thrift Plan (No. 333-36359), 

S-8 
 
 National Oilwell Varco, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (No. 333-123310), 

S-8 
 
 National Oilwell Varco, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (No. 333-123301), 

S-8 
 
 Varco International Inc. 2003 Equity Participation Plan; Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended; Varco International, Inc. 1990 Stock Option Plan; 1994 Directors Stock Option Plan; Varco International, Inc. 401(k)/Profit Sharing Plan (No. 333-123287), 

S-8 
 
 Varco International, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (No. 333-123286), 

S-8 
 
 National-Oilwell, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Award and Long-Term Incentive Stock Plan (No. 333-118721), 

S-8 
 
 National Oilwell Varco, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (No. 333-159333), 

S-8 
 
 National Oilwell Varco, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (No. 333-188818), 

S-8 
 
 National Oilwell Varco, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (No. 333-211537), 

S-8 
 
 National Oilwell Varco, Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (No. 333-224892), 

S-8 
 
 National Oilwell Varco, Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (No. 333-231779), 

S-3 
 
 Registration Statement on Form S-3 for the registration of debt securities (No. 333-234373), 

S-8 
 
 National Oilwell Varco, Inc. 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (No. 333-238529), and 

S-8 
 
 NOV Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (No. 333-265171) 

of our reports dated February 14, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of NOV Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of NOV Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 14, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 nov-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Clay C. Williams, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of NOV Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 14, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Clay C. Williams 

Clay C. Williams 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 nov-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jose A. Bayardo, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of NOV Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 14, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Jose A. Bayardo 

Jose A. Bayardo 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 nov-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report of NOV Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Clay C. Williams, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 14, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Clay C. Williams 

Clay C. Williams 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 nov-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report of NOV Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jose A. Bayardo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 14, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Jose A. Bayardo 

Jose A. Bayardo 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-95>
 8
 nov-ex95.htm
 EX-95

EX-95 

Exhibit 95 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Our mines are operated subject to the regulation of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA ), under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act ). The following mine safety data is provided pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ). 
 As required by the reporting requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, as amended, the table below presents the following information for the year ended December 31, 2022. (in whole dollars) (Unaudited) 

Received 

Notice 

Received 
 
 of 
 
 Legal 

Total 
 
 Notice of 
 
 Potential 
 
 Actions 

Section 

Total Dollar 

Number 
 
 Pattern of 
 
 to have 
 
 Pending 
 
 Legal 
 
 Legal 

Section 

104(d) 

Value of 

of 
 
 Violations 
 
 Patterns 
 
 as of 
 
 Actions 
 
 Actions 

104 
 
 Section 
 
 Citations 
 
 Section 
 
 Section 
 
 MSHA 

Mining 
 
 Under 
 
 Under 
 
 Last 
 
 Initiated 
 
 Resolved 

S S 
 
 104(b) 
 
 and 
 
 110(b)(2) 
 
 107(a) 
 
 Assessments 

Related 
 
 Section 
 
 Section 
 
 Day of 
 
 During 
 
 During 

Mine 
 
 Citations 
 
 Orders 
 
 Orders 
 
 Violations 
 
 Orders 
 
 Proposed 

Fatalities 
 
 104(e) 
 
 104(e) 
 
 Period 
 
 Period 
 
 Period 

Dry Creek (26-02646) 

no 
 
 no 

Osino Barite Mill (26-02724) 

no 
 
 no 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 nov-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 nov-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 nov-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 nov-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 nov-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

