<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_1110803_0001110803-23-000023.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18198045</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>344832</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5789444</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4871685</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3744185</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3190217</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001110803-23-000023.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217160630
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001110803-23-000023
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230101
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ILLUMINA, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001110803
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		IRS NUMBER:				330804655
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0101

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35406
		FILM NUMBER:		23642494

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5200 ILLUMINA WAY
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92122
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8582024500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5200 ILLUMINA WAY
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ILLUMINA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000331

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001110803-23-000023.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 ilmn-20230101.htm
 10-K

ilmn-20230101 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13a of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of February 10, 2023, there were million shares (excluding 39.9 million shares held in treasury) of the registrant s common stock outstanding. The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 3, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), based on the closing price for the common stock on The Nasdaq Global Select Market on July 1, 2022 (the last trading day before July 3, 2022), was billion. This amount excludes an aggregate of approximately 20.7 million shares of common stock held by officers and directors and each person known by the registrant to own 10 or more of the outstanding common stock. Exclusion of shares held by any person should not be construed to indicate that such person possesses the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant, or that the registrant is controlled by or under common control with such person. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

ILLUMINA, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JANUARY 1, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 See Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index within Other Key Information for a cross-reference to the parts and items requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 BUSINESS MARKET INFORMATION PAGE Business Overview 
 5 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Market Information 
 28 
 Share Repurchases and Sales 
 29 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS Management s Overview and Outlook 
 30 
 Results of Operations 
 32 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 35 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 38 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 43 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 44 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 45 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 52 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 53 
 OTHER KEY INFORMATION Controls and Procedures 
 90 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 92 
 Executive Compensation 
 92 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 92 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 93 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 93 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 93 
 Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index 
 98 

1 

Consideration Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains, and our officers and representatives may from time to time make, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as: anticipate, intend, plan, goal, seek, believe, continue, project, estimate, expect, strategy, future, likely, may, potential, predict, should, will, or similar words or phrases, or the negatives of these words, may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward looking. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make regarding: 
 our expectations as to our future financial performance, results of operations, or other operational results or metrics; 
 the benefits that we expect will result from our business activities and certain transactions we have completed, or may complete, such as product introductions, increased revenue, decreased expenses, and avoided expenses and expenditures; 
 our expectations of the effect on our financial condition of claims, litigation, contingent liabilities, and governmental investigations, proceedings, and regulations; 
 our strategies or expectations for product development, market position, financial results, and reserves; 
 our expectations regarding the outcome of the legal and regulatory proceedings, including any related appeals, related to our acquisition of GRAIL, Inc. (GRAIL) and other actions that may be taken or pursued by the European Commission, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and/or other governmental or regulatory authorities in connection with such acquisition; 
 
 the interim measures order imposed by the European Commission, the duration and impact of such order on Illumina and GRAIL, and the appointment of a monitoring trustee to monitor our compliance with such order; 
 
 the FTC s complaint counsel s appeal of an administrative law judge s decision on September 1, 2022 related to our acquisition of GRAIL and the pending decision of the full FTC; 
 
 the prohibition decision adopted by the European Commission on September 6, 2022 (the Prohibition Decision), informing us of its decision to prohibit our acquisition of GRAIL, and a Statement of Objections issued by the European Commission on December 5, 2022, informing us of the order it intends to adopt requiring us (among other things) to divest GRAIL (the EC Divestment Decision); and 
 
 other expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, anticipated developments, and other matters that are not historical facts. 
 Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy, and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 
 our expectations and beliefs regarding prospects and growth for our business and the markets in which we operate; 
 the timing and mix of customer orders among our products and services; 
 challenges inherent in developing, manufacturing, and launching new products and services, including expanding manufacturing operations and reliance on third-party suppliers for critical components; 
 the impact of recently launched or pre-announced products and services on existing products and services; 
 2 

risks and uncertainties regarding the legal and regulatory proceedings, including any related appeals, relating to our acquisition of GRAIL and our ability to achieve the expected benefits of such acquisition and other actions that have been or may be taken or pursued by the European Commission, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and/or other governmental or regulatory authorities in connection with such acquisition; 
 the interim measures order imposed by the European Commission, the duration and impact of such order on Illumina and GRAIL, which impact may include material and adverse effects on benefits we expect to achieve as a result of the acquisition of GRAIL, additional costs or liabilities, loss of revenue and other adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 our compliance with the terms of the interim measures order imposed by the European Commission, which is monitored by an appointed monitoring trustee, and which is burdensome to implement and administer, and the risk that the European Commission could impose or seek to impose fines and other penalties for alleged noncompliance with such terms; 
 the anticipated EC Divestment Decision requiring us to divest GRAIL, the terms and conditions thereof (including with respect to a divestiture of GRAIL), and the timing of and the risks, costs and business disruptions (including the diversion of management s attention) associated with any such divestiture, the announcement, pendency or implementation thereof or any associated legal or regulatory proceedings or obligations, and other uncertainties related to our compliance (or ability to comply) with the EC Divestment Decision, which may adversely affect us and our business, including current plans and operations, financial condition and results of operations; 
 any negative effects of the announcement, pendency or implementation of the Prohibition Decision or the EC Divestment Decision and/or of any divestiture of GRAIL on the market price of our common stock and on our operating results; 
 risks associated with third-party contracts or other agreements containing provisions that might be implicated by any divestiture of GRAIL, including our obligations with respect to contingent value rights (the CVRs) issued by us in connection with the GRAIL acquisition and the risks that we will be unable to fully discharge such obligations in connection with a divestiture of GRAIL, that such divestiture will result in a change in obligor on the CVRs and/or of other consequences related thereto, which may adversely affect us and our business and/or the market value of the CVRs; 
 the risk of adverse effects resulting from additional potential litigation associated with the acquisition of GRAIL; 
 the assumptions underlying our critical accounting policies and estimates; 
 our assessments and estimates that determine our effective tax rate; 
 our assessments and beliefs regarding the outcome of pending legal proceedings and any liability that we may incur as a result of those proceedings; 
 uncertainty, or adverse economic and business conditions, including as a result of slowing or uncertain economic growth, COVID-19 pandemic mitigation measures, or armed conflict; and 
 other factors detailed in our filings with the SEC, including the risks, uncertainties, and assumptions described in Risk Factors within the Business Market Information section of this report, or in information disclosed in public conference calls, the date and time of which are released beforehand. 
 Any forward-looking statement made by us in this annual report on Form 10-K is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation, and do not intend, to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, or to review or confirm analysts expectations, or to provide interim reports or updates on the progress of any current financial quarter, in each case whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise. 
 3 

Available Information 
 Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our website, www.illumina.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report. Such reports are made available as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with, or furnishing to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that electronically file with the SEC. Copies of our annual report on Form 10-K will be made available, free of charge, upon written request. 
 _______________________________________ 
 
 Assign, BaseSpace, BeadArray, Bluebee, BlueFuse, BlueGnome, cBot, Clarity LIMS, CircLigase, COVIDSeq, DesignStudio, DRAGEN, DRAGEN ORA, Emedgene, Enancio, FastTrack, Genetic Energy, GenomeStudio, Golden Gate, HiSeq, iHope, Illumina, Illumina Propel Certified, Infinium, iScan, iSelect, iSeq, MiniSeq, MiSeq, MiSeq FGx, Nextera, NextSeq, NovaSeq, Powered by Illumina, Praxis, Ribo-Zero, SureCell, TruGenome, TruSeq, TruSight, Verifi, Verinata, Verinata Health, VeriSeq, XLEAP-SBS, the pumpkin orange color, and the Genetic Energy / streaming bases design are trademarks or registered trademarks of Illumina, Inc. 
 
 GRAIL, the GRAIL logos, and other trade names, trademarks, or service marks of GRAIL are the property of GRAIL. The Galleri mark and logo are registered in numerous countries including the United States and the United Kingdom. Applications to register the Galleri mark and logo, the GRAIL mark and the logo, and marks associated with GRAIL are also pending in a variety of countries. 
 _______________________________________ 
 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this annual report on Form 10-K to Illumina, the Company, we, us, and our refer to Illumina, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 _______________________________________ 
 
 Our fiscal year is the 52 or 53 weeks ending the Sunday closest to December 31, with quarters of 13 or 14 weeks ending the Sunday closest to March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31. References to 2022, 2021, and 2020 refer to fiscal years ended January 1, 2023, January 2, 2022, and January 3, 2021, respectively. Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were both 52 weeks and fiscal year 2020 was 53 weeks. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

BUSINESS MARKET INFORMATION 
 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 We are a global leader in sequencing- and array-based solutions for genetic and genomic analysis. Our products and services serve customers in a wide range of markets, enabling the adoption of genomic solutions in research and clinical settings. We were incorporated in California in April 1998 and reincorporated in Delaware in July 2000. Our principal executive offices are located at 5200 Illumina Way, San Diego, California 92122. Our telephone number is (858) 202-4500. 
 
 Our customers include leading genomic research centers, academic institutions, government laboratories, and hospitals, as well as pharmaceutical, biotechnology, commercial molecular diagnostic laboratories, and consumer genomics companies. 
 
 Our portfolio of integrated sequencing and microarray systems, consumables, and analysis tools is designed to accelerate and simplify genetic analysis. This portfolio addresses the range of genomic complexity, price points, and throughput, enabling customers to select the best solution for their research or clinical application. 
 
 On August 18, 2021, we acquired GRAIL, a healthcare company focused on early detection of multiple cancers. GRAIL s Galleri blood test detects various types of cancers before they are symptomatic. We believe our acquisition of GRAIL will accelerate the adoption of next-generation sequencing (NGS) based early multi-cancer detection tests, enhance our position in Clinical Genomics, and increase our directly accessible total addressable market. The acquisition is subject to ongoing legal proceedings. Currently, GRAIL must be held and operated separately and independently from Illumina pursuant to interim measures ordered by the European Commission, which prohibited our acquisition of GRAIL on September 6, 2022. See note 4. Acquisitions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets and note 8. Legal Proceedings for further details. We have included the financial results of GRAIL in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
 
 Genetics Primer 
 
 The instruction set for all living cells is encoded in deoxyribonucleic acid, or DNA. The complete set of DNA for any organism is referred to as its genome. DNA contains small regions called genes, which comprise a string of nucleotide bases labeled A, C, G, and T, representing adenine, cytosine, guanine, and thymine, respectively. These nucleotide bases occur in a precise order known as the DNA sequence. When a gene is expressed, a copy of a portion of its DNA sequence called messenger RNA (mRNA) is used as a template to direct the synthesis of a particular protein. Proteins, in turn, direct all cellular function. The illustration below is a simplified gene expression schematic. 
 
 Variations among organisms are due, in large part, to differences in their DNA sequences. Changes can result from insertions, deletions, inversions, translocations, or duplications of nucleotide bases. These changes may result in certain genes becoming overexpressed (excessive protein production), underexpressed (reduced protein production), or silenced altogether, sometimes triggering changes in cellular function. The most common form of variation in humans is called a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP), which is a base change in a single position in a DNA sequence. Another type of variation, copy number variations (CNVs), occur when there are fewer or more copies of certain genes, segments of a gene, or stretches of DNA. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

In humans, genetic variation accounts for many of the physical differences we see (e.g., height, hair, eye color, etc.). Genetic variations also can have medical consequences affecting disease susceptibility, including predisposition to complex genetic diseases such as cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and Alzheimer s disease. They can affect individuals response to certain drug treatments, causing them to respond well, experience adverse side effects, or not respond at all. 
 
 Scientists are studying these variations and their consequences in humans, as well as in a broad range of animals, plants, and microorganisms. Such research takes place in government, university, pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and agrigenomics laboratories around the world, where scientists expand our knowledge of the biological functions essential for life. Beginning at the genetic level, our tools are used to elucidate the relationship between gene sequence and biological processes. Researchers who investigate human and non-human genetic variation to understand the mechanisms of disease are enabling the development of more effective diagnostics and therapeutics. They also provide greater insight into genetic variation in plants (e.g., food and biofuel crops) and animals (e.g., livestock and domestic), enabling improvements in crop yields and animal breeding programs. 
 
 By empowering genetic analysis and facilitating a deeper understanding of genetic variation and function, our tools advance disease research, drug development, and the creation of molecular diagnostic tests. We believe that this will trigger a fundamental shift in the practice of medicine and health care, and that the increased emphasis on preventive and predictive molecular medicine will usher in the era of precision health care. 
 
 Our Principal Markets 
 
 We target the markets and customers outlined below. 
 
 Research and Applied 
 
 Historically, our core business has been in the life sciences research market. This includes laboratories associated with universities, research centers, and government institutions, along with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Researchers at these institutions use our products and services for basic and translational research across a spectrum of scientific applications, including targeted, exome, and whole-genome sequencing; genetic variation; gene expression; epigenetics; and metagenomics. NGS technologies are being adopted due to their ability to cost-effectively sequence large sample sizes quickly and accurately, generating vast amounts of high-quality data. Both private and public funding drive this research, along with global initiatives to characterize genetic variation. 
 
 Our products also serve various applied markets including consumer genomics and agrigenomics. For example, in consumer genomics, our customers use our technologies to provide personalized genetic data and analysis to individual consumers. In agrigenomics, government and corporate researchers use our products and services to explore the genetic and biological basis for productivity and nutritional constitution in crops and livestock. Researchers can identify natural and novel genomic variation and deploy genome-wide marker-based applications to accelerate breeding and production of healthier and higher-yielding crops and livestock. 
 
 Clinical 
 
 We are focused on enabling translational and clinical markets through the introduction of best-in-class sequencing technology. Further, we are developing sample-to-answer solutions to catalyze adoption in the clinical setting, including in reproductive and genetic health and oncology. In reproductive health, our primary focus is driving noninvasive prenatal testing (NIPT) adoption globally through our technology, which identifies fetal chromosomal abnormalities by analyzing cell-free DNA in maternal blood. Our NGS technology is also accelerating rare and undiagnosed disease research to discover the genetic causes of inherited disorders by assessing many genes simultaneously. Using NGS can reduce costs compared to traditional methods of disease diagnosis, which are often expensive and inconclusive while requiring extensive testing. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Cancer is a disease of the genome, and the goal of cancer genomics is to identify genomic changes that transform a normal cell into a cancerous one. Understanding these genomic changes will improve diagnostic accuracy, increase understanding of the prognosis, and enable oncologists to target therapies to individuals. Customers in the translational and clinical oncology markets use our products to perform research that may help identify individuals who are genetically predisposed to cancer and to identify molecular changes in a tumor. We believe that circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) will become an important clinical tool for managing oncology patients during all stages of tumor progression. Our technology is being used to research the implications of ctDNA in treatment determination, treatment monitoring, minimal residual disease, and asymptomatic screening. For example, GRAIL s Galleri blood test for early-stage cancer detection is enabled by our sequencing technology. 
 
 Our Principal Products, Services, and Technologies 
 
 Our unique technology platforms support the scale of experimentation necessary for population-scale studies, genome-wide discovery, target selection, and validation studies (see Figure 1 below). Customers use our products to analyze the genome at all levels of complexity, from targeted panels to whole-genome sequencing. A large and dynamic Illumina user community has published hundreds of thousands of customer-authored scientific papers using our technologies. Through rapid innovation, we are changing the economics of genetic research, enabling projects that were previously considered impossible, and supporting clinical advances towards precision medicine. 
 
 Most of our product sales consist of sequencing- and array-based instruments and consumables, which include reagents, flow cells, and library preparation, based on our proprietary technologies. We also perform various services for our customers. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, instrument sales represented 16 , 17 , and 13 , respectively, of total revenue; consumable sales represented 70 , 71 , and 71 , respectively, of total revenue; and services represented 14 , 12 , and 16 , respectively, of total revenue. 
 
 Figure 1: Illumina Platform Overview: 

Sequencing 
 
 DNA sequencing is the process of determining the order of nucleotide bases (A, C, G, or T) in a DNA sample. Our portfolio of sequencing platforms represents a family of systems that we believe set the standard for productivity, cost-effectiveness, and accuracy among NGS technologies. Customers use our platforms to perform whole-genome, de novo, exome and RNA sequencing, and targeted resequencing of specific gene regions and genes. 
 
 Whole-genome sequencing determines the complete DNA sequence of an organism. In de novo sequencing, the goal is to sequence and assemble the genome of that sample without using information from prior sequencing of that species. In targeted resequencing, a portion of the sequence of an organism is compared to a standard or reference sequence from previously sequenced samples to identify genetic variation. Understanding the similarities and differences in DNA sequence between and within species helps us understand the function of the structures encoded in the DNA. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Our DNA sequencing technology is based on our proprietary reversible terminator-based sequencing chemistry, referred to as sequencing by synthesis (SBS) biochemistry. SBS tracks the addition of labeled nucleotides as the DNA chain is copied in a massively parallel fashion. In 2022, we announced XLEAP-SBS TM , a faster, higher quality, and more robust version of our SBS chemistry that delivers the highest level of data accuracy and performance. Our SBS sequencing technology provides researchers with a broad range of applications and the ability to sequence more than 20,000 human genomes per year. 
 
 Our sequencing platforms can generate between 500 megabases (Mb) and 16.0 terabases (Tb) (equivalent to approximately 128 human genomes) of genomic data in a single run, depending on the instrument and application. 
 
 There are different price points per gigabase (Gb) for each instrument, and for different applications, which range from small-genome, amplicon, and targeted gene-panel sequencing to population-scale whole human genome sequencing. Since we launched our first sequencing system in 2007, our systems have significantly reduced the cost of sequencing. In 2022, we announced the NovaSeq TM X Series (NovaSeq X and NovaSeq X Plus), our new production-scale sequencing systems that can sequence a human genome for as little as 200. 
 
 Illumina informatics products play a critical role in supporting our sequencing applications and customers needs across a range of activities, including sample preparation, instrument control and management, and post-run analysis. 
 
 Our BaseSpace Informatics Suite integrates directly with our sequencing instruments, allowing customers to manage their biological sample and sequencing runs, process and analyze the raw genomic data, and derive meaningful results. It facilitates data sharing, provides data-storage solutions and streamlines analysis through a growing number of applications developed by us and the bioinformatics community. Our DRAGEN Bio-IT Platform is used for secondary analysis and analyzes sequencing data from a variety of experiment types, including whole genomes, whole exomes, germline and somatic datasets, and RNA sequencing experiments with industry leading accuracy, speed and efficiency. Additionally, Illumina Connected Analytics is an integrated bioinformatics solution that provides a comprehensive, private, cloud-based data platform that empowers customers to manage, analyze, and explore large volumes of multi-omic data in a secure, scalable, and flexible environment. 
 
 In 2022, 2021, and 2020, total sequencing revenue comprised 91 , 91 , and 89 , respectively, of total revenue. 
 
 Arrays 
 
 Arrays are used for a broad range of DNA and RNA analysis applications, including SNP genotyping, CNV analysis, gene expression analysis, and methylation analysis, and enable the detection of millions of known genetic markers on a single array. Arrays are the primary technology used in consumer genomics applications. 
 
 Our BeadArray technology combines microscopic beads and a substrate in a proprietary manufacturing process to produce arrays that can perform many assays simultaneously. This facilitates large-scale analysis of genetic variation and biological function in a unique, high-throughput, cost-effective, and flexible manner. Using our BeadArray technology, we achieve high-throughput analysis via a high density of test sites per array and the ability to format arrays in various configurations. To serve the needs of multiple markets and market segments, we can vary the size, shape, and format of the substrate into which the beads self-assemble and create specific bead types for different applications. Our iScan System and our NextSeq 550 System can be used to image arrays. 
 
 In 2022, 2021, and 2020, total array revenue comprised 9 , 9 , and 11 , respectively, of total revenue. 
 
 Consumables 
 
 We have developed various library preparation and sequencing kits to simplify workflows and accelerate analysis. Our sequencing applications include whole-genome sequencing kits, which sequence entire genomes of any size and complexity, and targeted resequencing kits, which can sequence exomes, specific genes, RNA or other genomic regions of interest. Our sequencing kits maximize the ability of our customers to characterize the target genome accurately and are sold in various configurations, addressing a wide range of applications. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Customers use our array-based genotyping consumables for a wide range of analyses, including diverse species, disease-related mutations, and genetic characteristics associated with cancer. Customers can select from a range of human, animal, and agriculturally relevant genome panels or create their own custom arrays to investigate millions of genetic markers targeting any species. 
 
 Services 
 
 We provide whole-genome sequencing, genotyping, NIPT, and product support services. Human whole-genome sequencing services are provided through our CLIA-certified, CAP-accredited laboratory. Using our services, customers can perform whole-genome sequencing projects and microarray projects (including large-scale genotyping studies and whole-genome association studies). We also provide NIPT services through our partner laboratories that direct samples to us on a test send-out basis in our CLIA-certified, CAP-accredited laboratory. In addition, we also offer support services to customers who have purchased our products. 
 
 GRAIL 
 
 GRAIL s multi-cancer early detection test, Galleri, is designed as a screening test for adults with an elevated risk for cancer, such as those aged 50 or older, and was commercially launched in 2021 as a laboratory developed test. In addition to Galleri, GRAIL is developing solutions to help accelerate cancer diagnoses, blood-based detection for minimal residual disease, and other post-diagnostic applications. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We have an extensive intellectual property portfolio. As of January 6, 2023, excluding GRAIL, we owned or had exclusive licenses to 1,162 issued U.S. patents and 971 pending U.S. patent applications, including 58 allowed applications that have not yet issued as patents. Our issued and pending patents cover various aspects of our arrays, assays, oligo synthesis, sequencing technology, instruments, digital microfluidics, software, bioinformatics, and chemical-detection technologies, and have terms that expire between 2023 and 2043. We continue to file new patent applications to protect the full range of our technologies. We have filed or have been granted counterparts for many of these patents and applications in foreign countries. 
 
 GRAIL owns certain patent applications and intellectual property and exclusively licenses certain patents, patent applications, and other intellectual property from third parties. GRAIL s patent portfolio broadly relates to methods, techniques and chemistry used to generate and analyze data using its proprietary bioinformatics and classifiers, including, for example, cfNA sequencing, marker panels, methylation signatures, bioinformatics techniques and biologically directed machine learning classifiers, which are incorporated into GRAIL s products. As of January 3, 2023, GRAIL had exclusive licenses to more than 500 issued or granted patents and more than 300 pending patent applications globally, including more than 60 issued U.S. patents. GRAIL also owned or co-owned more than 410 pending patent applications globally, including more than 110 pending U.S. non-provisional and provisional patent applications. GRAIL s patent portfolio includes patents and patent applications related to sequencing, library preparation and enrichment, marker panels, methylation profiling, and bioinformatic techniques and classifiers. GRAIL s licensed patents and patent applications will begin to expire in 2028. The patent applications that GRAIL owns, if issued as patents, would be expected to expire at the earliest in 2037. 
 
 We protect our trade secrets, know-how, copyrights, and trademarks. Our success depends in part on obtaining patent protection for our products and processes, preserving trade secrets, patents, obtaining copyrights and trademarks, operating without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties, and acquiring licenses for technology or products. In addition, we invest in technological innovation, and we seek beneficial licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. 
 
 We are party to various exclusive and nonexclusive license agreements and other arrangements with third parties that grant us rights to use key aspects of our sequencing and array technologies, assay methods, chemical detection methods, reagent kits, and scanning equipment. We have additional nonexclusive license agreements with various third parties for other components of our products. In most cases, the agreements remain in effect over the term of the underlying patents, may be terminated at our request without further obligation, and require that we pay customary royalties. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Research and Development 
 
 We have historically made substantial investments in research and development. Our research and development efforts prioritize continuous innovation coupled with product evolution. 
 
 Research and development expense in 2022, 2021, and 2020 was 1,321 million, 1,185 million, and 682 million, respectively. We expect research and development expense to increase during 2023 to support business growth and continuing expansion in research and product-development efforts. 
 
 Marketing and Distribution 
 
 We market and distribute our products directly to customers in North America, Europe, Latin America, and the Asia-Pacific region. In addition, we sell through life-science distributors in certain markets within Europe, the Asia-Pacific region, Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa. We expect to continue increasing our sales and distribution resources during 2023 and beyond as we launch new products and expand our potential customer base. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 We manufacture sequencing and array platforms and reagent kits. In 2022, we continued to increase our manufacturing capacity, and we expect to increase our manufacturing capacity again in 2023 to meet customer demand. To address increasing product complexity and volume, we continue to automate manufacturing processes to accelerate throughput and improve quality and yield. We are committed to providing medical devices and related services that consistently meet customer and applicable regulatory requirements. We adhere to access and safety standards required by federal, state, and local health ordinances, such as standards for the use, handling, and disposal of hazardous substances. Our key manufacturing and distribution facilities operate under a quality management system certified to ISO 13485. 
 
 Raw Materials 
 
 Our manufacturing operations require a wide variety of raw materials, electronic and mechanical components, chemical and biochemical materials, and other supplies. Multiple commercial sources provide many of our components and supplies, but there are some raw materials and components that we obtain from single-source suppliers. To manage potential risks arising from single-source suppliers, we believe that, if necessary, we could redesign our products using alternative components or for use with alternative reagents or develop an internal supply capability. In addition, while we attempt to keep our inventory at minimal levels, we purchase incremental inventory as circumstances warrant to protect our supply chain. If the capabilities of our suppliers and component manufacturers are limited or stopped, due to pandemics, disasters, quality, regulatory, or other reasons, it could negatively impact our ability to manufacture our products. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Although we believe that our products and services provide significant advantages over products and services currently available from other sources, we expect continued intense competition. Our competitors offer products and services for sequencing, SNP genotyping, gene expression, and molecular diagnostics markets. In some cases, we compete for the resources our customers allocate for purchasing a wide range of sequencing and non-sequencing products used to analyze genetic variation and biological function, some of which are complementary or adjacent to our own but not directly competitive; in other cases, our products face direct competition as customers choose among sequencing and non-sequencing products that are designed to address the same use case or answer the same biological question. Some of our competitors have, or will have, substantially greater financial, technical, research, and other resources than we do, along with larger, more established marketing, sales, distribution, and service organizations. In addition, they may have greater name recognition than we do in the markets we address, and in some cases a larger installed base of systems. We expect new competitors to emerge and the intensity of competition to increase. To compete effectively, we must scale our organization and infrastructure appropriately and demonstrate that our products have superior throughput, cost, and accuracy. 
 
 Segment and Geographic Information 
 
 We have two reportable segments, Core Illumina and GRAIL, as of January 1, 2023. On August 18, 2021, we acquired GRAIL, and it operates as a separate reportable segment. We have included the financial results of GRAIL in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. Core Illumina relates to our core operations, 
 10 

Table of Contents 

excluding the results of GRAIL. See note 11. Segments and Geographic Data within the Consolidated Financial Statements section of this report for further information concerning our reportable segments. 
 
 We currently sell our products to a number of customers outside the United States, including customers in other areas of North America, Latin America, Europe, China, and the Asia-Pacific region. Shipments to customers outside the United States totaled 2,294 million, or 50 , of total revenue, in 2022, compared to 2,331 million, or 52 , and 1,584 million, or 49 , in 2021 and 2020, respectively. We consider the U.S. dollar to be the functional currency of our international operations due to the primary activities of our foreign subsidiaries. We expect that sales to international customers will continue to be an important and growing source of revenue. See note 1. Organization and Significant Accounting Policies and note 2. Revenue within the Consolidated Financial Statements section of this report for further information concerning our foreign and domestic operations. 
 
 Backlog 
 
 Our backlog was approximately 1,030 million and 1,035 million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, respectively. Generally, our backlog consists of orders believed to be firm as of the balance sheet date. However, we may allow customers to make product substitutions as we launch new products. The timing of shipments depends on several factors, including agreed upon shipping schedules, which may span multiple quarters, and whether the product is catalog or custom. We expect approximately 89 of our backlog as of January 1, 2023 to be shipped in 2023, approximately 7 in 2024, and the remainder thereafter. Although we generally recognize revenue when control of our products and services is transferred to our customers, some customer contracts might require us to defer revenue recognition beyond the transfer of control. 

Properties 
 
 The following table summarizes the facilities leased by Core Illumina and GRAIL as of January 1, 2023, including the location and size of each principal facility and their designated use. We believe our facilities are adequate for our current and near-term needs, and we will be able to locate additional facilities, as needed. 
 Location Approximate Square Feet Operation Lease Expiration Dates San Diego, CA 1,090,000 Office, Lab, Manufacturing, and Distribution 2025 2031 San Francisco Bay Area, CA 540,000 Office, Lab, and Manufacturing 2024 2033 Singapore 588,000 Office, Lab, Manufacturing, and Distribution 2024 2037 Durham, NC 201,000 Office and Lab 2033 Cambridge, United Kingdom 197,000 Office, Lab, and Manufacturing 2023 2039 Madison, WI 133,000 Office, Lab, and Manufacturing 2033 Eindhoven, the Netherlands 90,000 Office and Distribution 2036 China 67,000 Office and Lab 2023 2026 Other 136,000 Office 2023 2028 
 ________________ 
 Includes properties leased by both Core Illumina and GRAIL, except for our location in Durham, NC, which is leased entirely by GRAIL. 
 Excludes approximately 111,000 square feet for which the leases do not commence until 2023 and beyond. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 To continue as a leader in genomics, we need to harness the world s best talent and give them the opportunity to thrive. We are committed to attracting, retaining, developing, and supporting our people to enable everyone to fully contribute to our mission and deliver on the transformative power of genomics. Diversity is a competitive advantage that drives innovation in all that we do. 
 
 Our key human capital objectives include: nurture a culture of care; practice diversity and inclusion in all we do to advance equity and belonging; invest and develop our people to create a deep and diverse pipeline; and steward our employee safety and wellness. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Additional information is included in our annual Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Report located on our website at www.illumina.com/csr. Information on our website, including the CSR Report, shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. Our annual CSR Report is guided by the reporting frameworks of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB), and the Task Force for Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). 
 
 Core Illumina 
 
 As of January 1, 2023, Core Illumina s global workforce was comprised of approximately 10,200 full time employees, 60 part time employees, and 1,400 contingent workers. The regional representation includes approximately 6,300 employees in the Americas, 1,500 employees in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, and 2,400 employees in Asia-Pacific. Core Illumina s global voluntary turnover rate for 2022 was 11 . Women comprised 45 of Core Illumina s global workforce. Based on self-identification data, Core Illumina s U.S. workforce is comprised of 54 minorities. Additional details on U.S. diversity demographics for 2022 will be available in our annual CSR Report, which we expect to publish in June 2023. The annual CSR report is published on our website at www.illumina.com/csr. 
 
 GRAIL 
 
 As of January 1, 2023, GRAIL s global workforce was comprised of approximately 1,300 full time employees, the majority of which are based in the Americas, and 400 contingent workers. GRAIL s global voluntary turnover rate for 2022 was 15 . Women comprised 55 of GRAIL s global workforce. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 As a global corporate citizen, we recognize the importance of the environment to a healthy, sustainable future for our business, our patients, and communities. We are committed to the protection of our employees and the environment with an approach to continuously strengthen our environmental stewardship. We believe that we are in material compliance with current applicable laws and regulations. However, we could be held liable for damages and fines should contamination of the environment or individual exposures to hazardous substances occur. In addition, we cannot predict how changes in these laws and regulations, or the development of new laws and regulations, will affect our business operations or the cost of compliance. In addition, climate change may impact our business by increasing operating costs due to additional regulatory requirements, physical risks to our facilities, energy limitations, and disruptions to our supply chain. These potential risks are accounted for in our business planning, including investment in renewable energy, reducing energy and water consumption, greenhouse gas emissions, and waste production. As part of our climate action plan, we established emission reduction targets in line with a 1.5 degree pathway and established Net Zero emission commitments by 2050, and had those targets verified by the Sciences Based Target Initiative. Additional information is included in our annual CSR Report located on our website at www.Illumina.com/csr. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 As we expand product lines to address the diagnosis of disease, regulation by governmental authorities in the United States and other countries will become an increasingly significant factor in development, testing, production, and marketing. Products that we develop in the molecular diagnostic markets, depending on their intended use, may be regulated as medical devices or in vitro diagnostic products (IVDs) by the FDA and comparable agencies in other countries. In the United States, certain of our products may require FDA clearance following a pre-market notification process, also known as a 510(k) clearance, or premarket approval (PMA) from the FDA. The usually shorter 510(k) clearance process, which we used for the FDA-cleared assays that are run on our FDA-regulated MiSeqDx instrument, generally takes from three to six months after submission, but it can take significantly longer. The longer PMA process, which we used for our FDA-cleared RAS panel that is also run on our MiSeqDx instrument, is typically much more costly and uncertain. It can take from 9 to 18 months after a complete filing, but it can take significantly longer and requires conducting clinical studies that are generally more extensive than those required for 510(k) clearance. All of the products that are currently regulated by the FDA as medical devices and IVDs are also subject to the FDA Quality System Regulation (QSR). Obtaining the requisite regulatory approvals, including the FDA quality system inspections that are required for PMA approval, can be expensive and may involve considerable delay. 
 
 In the U.S., the products we develop for oncology and non-invasive prenatal testing will be regulated by the PMA process. We cannot be certain which of our other planned molecular diagnostic products will be subject to the shorter 510(k) clearance process, or which of these will need to go through the PMA process. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

The regulatory approval process for such products may be significantly delayed, may be significantly more expensive than anticipated, and may conclude without such products being approved by the FDA. Without timely regulatory approval, we will not be able to launch or successfully commercialize such products, which would adversely affect our earnings and competitive position. Many of the products that we are developing are the first of their kind, such as the Galleri test that has been developed by GRAIL. The regulatory approval pathways for such products, like the Galleri test, do not currently exist and therefore have a high degree of uncertainty. Core Illumina and GRAIL are separately collaborating with regulatory bodies to navigate this regulatory landscape. 
 
 Changes to the current regulatory framework, including the imposition of additional or new regulations, could arise at any time during the development or marketing of our products. This may negatively affect our ability to obtain or maintain FDA or comparable regulatory clearance or approval of our products. In addition, regulatory agencies may introduce new requirements that may change the regulatory requirements for us or our customers, or both. 
 
 If our products labeled as For Research Use Only, or RUO, are used, or could be used, for the diagnosis of disease, the regulatory requirements related to marketing, selling, and supporting such products could be uncertain. This is true even if such use by our customers occurs without our consent. If the FDA or other regulatory authorities assert that any of our RUO products are subject to regulatory clearance or approval, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our products sold as medical devices or IVDs in Europe are now regulated under the In Vitro Diagnostics Regulation (EU) 2017/746, the IVDR, that went into full enforcement in May 2022. These regulations include requirements for both presentation and review of performance data and quality-system requirements. 
 
 Certain of our products are currently available through laboratories that are certified under the Clinical Laboratory Improvements Amendments (CLIA) of 1988. These products are commonly called laboratory developed tests, or LDTs. For a number of years, the FDA has exercised its regulatory enforcement discretion not to regulate LDTs as medical devices if created and used within a single laboratory. However, the FDA is continually reexamining this regulatory approach and changes to the agency s handling of LDTs could impact our business in ways that cannot be predicted at this time. We cannot predict the nature or extent of the FDA's final guidance or regulation of LDTs, in general, or with respect to our or our customers LDTs, in particular. 
 
 Certification of CLIA laboratories includes standards in the areas of personnel qualifications, administration, and participation in proficiency testing, patient test management, and quality control procedures. CLIA also mandates that, for high complexity labs such as ours, to operate as a lab, we must have an accreditation by an organization recognized by CLIA such as the College of Pathologists (CAP), which we have obtained and must maintain. If we were to lose our CLIA certification or CAP accreditation, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, state laboratory licensing and inspection requirements may also apply to our products, which, in some cases, are more stringent than CLIA requirements. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business is subject to various risks, including those described below. In addition to the other information included in this report, the following issues could adversely affect our operating results or our stock price. 
 
 Risks Relating to Research, Development, Marketing, and Sales of Products and Services 
 
 Our continued growth is dependent on continuously developing and commercializing new products. 
 
 Our target markets are characterized by rapid technological change, changes in customer needs, existing and emerging competition, strong price competition, and frequent new product introductions. Accordingly, our continued growth depends on developing and commercializing new products and services, including improving our existing products and services, in order to address evolving market requirements on a timely basis. If we fail to innovate or adequately invest in new technologies, we could lose our competitive position in the markets that we serve. 
 
 To the extent that we fail to introduce new and innovative products, or such products are not accepted in the market or suffer significant delays in development, our financial results may suffer. An inability, for technological or other reasons, to successfully develop and introduce new products on a timely basis could reduce our growth rate or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 In the past, we have experienced, and are likely to experience in the future, delays in the development and introduction of new products. There can be no assurance that we will keep pace with the rapid rate of change in our markets or that our new products will adequately meet the requirements of the marketplace, achieve market acceptance, or compete successfully with third-party technologies. Some of the factors affecting our ability to develop and successfully commercialize new products and services include: 
 the functionality and performance of new and existing products and services; 
 the timing of introduction of new products or services relative to competing products and services; 
 availability, quality, and price relative to competing products and services; 
 scientists and customers opinions of the utility of new products or services; 
 citation of new products or services in published research; 
 regulatory trends and approvals; and 
 our ability to acquire or otherwise gain access to third party technologies, products, or businesses. 
 Our success depends upon the continued emergence and growth of markets for analysis of genetic variation, and continued substantial increases in the use of sequencing as the cost of sequencing declines. 
 
 The usefulness of our technologies depends in part upon the availability of genetic data and its usefulness in clinical, research, and consumer applications. We are focusing on markets for analysis of genetic variation or biological function, namely sequencing, genotyping, and gene expression profiling. These markets are relatively new and emerging, and they may not develop as quickly as we anticipate, or reach what we expect to be their full potential. Other methods of analysis of genetic variation and biological function may emerge and displace the methods we are developing. In addition, a reduction or delay in research and development budgets and government funding may adversely affect our business. For example, changes in the regulatory environment affecting life sciences and pharmaceutical companies, and budgetary pressures resulting in reduced allocations to government agencies that fund research and development activities, such as the U.S. National Institute of Health, or NIH, could adversely affect our business or results of operations. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

The introduction of next-generation sequencing technologies, including ours, has reduced the cost of sequencing by a factor of more than 10,000 and reduced the sequencing time per Gb by a factor of approximately 12,000 over the last 20 years. Consequently, demand for sequencing-related products and services has increased substantially as new applications are enabled and more sequencing is done in connection with existing applications. If, as we expect, the cost of sequencing continues to fall, we cannot be sure that the demand for related products and services will increase at least proportionately as new applications are enabled or more sequencing is done in connection with existing applications. In the future, if demand for our products and services due to lower sequencing costs is less than we expect, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 
 Our products may be used to provide genetic information about humans, agricultural crops, other food sources, and other living organisms. The information obtained from our products could be used in a variety of applications, which may have underlying ethical, legal, and social concerns regarding privacy and the appropriate uses of the resulting information, including preimplantation genetic screening of embryos, prenatal genetic testing, genetic engineering or modification of agricultural products, or testing genetic predisposition for certain medical conditions, particularly for those that have no known cure. Our customers implementation of our products to provide their own products and services may raise such concerns and affect our own reputation. U.S. and international governmental authorities could, for social or other purposes, call for limits on or regulation of the use of genetic testing or prohibit testing for genetic predisposition to certain conditions, particularly for those that have no known cure. Similarly, such concerns may lead individuals to refuse to use genetics tests, even if permissible. These and other ethical, legal, and social concerns about genetic testing may limit market acceptance of our technology for certain applications or reduce the potential markets for our technology, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 If we do not successfully manage the development, manufacturing, and launch of new products or services, including product transitions, our financial results could be adversely affected. 
 
 We face risks associated with launching new products and pre-announcing products and services when the products or services have not been fully developed or tested. In addition, we may experience difficulty in managing or forecasting customer reactions, purchasing decisions, transition requirements, or programs with respect to newly-launched products (or products in development), which could adversely affect sales of our existing products. If our products and services are not able to deliver the performance or results expected by our target markets or are not delivered on a timely basis, our reputation and credibility may suffer. If we encounter development challenges or discover errors in our products late in our development cycle, we may delay the product launch date. The expenses or losses associated with unsuccessful product development or launch activities, or a lack of market acceptance of our new products, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 As we announce future products or integrate new products into our portfolio, such as new instruments or instrument platforms, we face numerous risks relating to product transitions and the evolution of our product portfolio. We may be unable to accurately forecast new product demand and the impact of new products on the demand for current or established products. We may experience challenges relating to managing excess and obsolete inventories, managing new or higher product cost structures, and managing different sales and support requirements. Announcements of currently planned or other new products may cause customers to defer or stop purchasing our current or established products until new products become available. In addition, customers may defer or stop purchasing our current or established products as they assess the features and technological characteristics of new products, as compared to our current or established products, before making a financial commitment. 
 
 We face intense competition, which could render our products obsolete, result in significant price reductions, or substantially limit the volume of products that we sell. 
 
 We compete with third parties that design, manufacture, and market products and services for analysis of genetic variation and biological function and other applications using a wide range of technologies. In some cases, we compete for the resources our customers allocate for purchasing a wide range of sequencing and non-sequencing products, some of which are complementary or adjacent to our own but not directly competitive; in other cases, our products face direct competition as customers choose among sequencing and non-sequencing products that are designed to address the same use case or answer the same biological question. For example, complementary third-party sequencing technologies address use cases to which our products are not well suited. If we are unable to develop or acquire new technologies that address these complementary sequencing applications, our rate of growth and our ability to grow the overall market for sequencing could be adversely affected. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

We anticipate that we will continue to face increased competition as existing companies develop new or improved products and as new companies enter the market with new technologies. One or more of our competitors may render one or more of our technologies obsolete or uneconomical. Some of our competitors have greater financial and personnel resources, broader product lines, more focused product lines, a more established customer base, more experience and broader reach in clinical markets, and more experience in research and development than we do. Furthermore, life sciences, clinical genomics, and pharmaceutical companies, which are our potential customers and strategic partners, could also develop competing products. We believe that customers in our markets display a significant amount of loyalty to their initial supplier of a particular product; therefore, it may be difficult to generate sales to potential customers who have purchased products from competitors. To the extent we are unable to be the first to develop or supply new products, our competitive position may suffer. 
 
 The market for clinical and diagnostic products, in particular, is currently limited and highly competitive, with several large companies having significant market share, intellectual property portfolios, and regulatory expertise. For example, the market for noninvasive prenatal testing is rapidly developing, and if our competitors are able to develop and commercialize products superior to or less expensive than ours or are able to obtain regulatory clearances before we do, our business could be adversely impacted. Established clinical and diagnostic companies also have an installed base of instruments in several markets, including clinical and reference laboratories, which could deter acceptance of our products. In addition, some of these companies have formed alliances with genomics companies that provide them access to genetic information that may be incorporated into their diagnostic tests, potentially creating a competitive advantage for them. 
 
 As we develop, market, or sell diagnostic tests, we may encounter delays in receipt, or limits in the amount, of reimbursement approvals and public health funding, which will impact our ability to grow revenues in the healthcare market. 
 
 Physicians and patients may not order diagnostic tests that we develop, market, sell, or enable such as our prenatal tests or GRAIL s oncology screening tests, unless third-party payors, such as managed care organizations as well as government payors such as Medicare and Medicaid and governmental payors outside of the United States, pay a substantial portion of the test price. Third-party payors are often reluctant to reimburse healthcare providers for the use of medical tests that involve new technologies or provide novel diagnostic information. In addition, third-party payors are increasingly limiting reimbursement coverage for medical diagnostic products and, in many instances, are exerting pressure on diagnostic product suppliers to reduce their prices. Reimbursement by a payor may depend on a number of factors, including a payor's determination that tests using our technologies are: not experimental or investigational; medically necessary; appropriate for the specific patient; cost-effective; supported by peer-reviewed publications; and included in clinical practice guidelines. 
 Since each third-party payor often makes reimbursement decisions on an individual patient basis, obtaining such approvals is a time-consuming and costly process that requires us to provide scientific and clinical data supporting the clinical benefits of each of our products. As a result, there can be no assurance that reimbursement approvals will be obtained. This process can delay the broad market introduction of new products, and could have a negative effect on our results of operations. As a result, third-party reimbursement may not be consistent or financially adequate to cover the cost of diagnostic products that we develop, market, or sell. This could limit our ability to sell our products or cause us to reduce prices, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Even if tests are reimbursed, third-party payors may withdraw their coverage policies, cancel their contracts with our customers at any time, review and adjust the rate of reimbursement, require co-payments from patients, or stop paying for tests, which would reduce our revenues. In addition, insurers, including managed care organizations as well as government payors such as Medicare and Medicaid, have increased their efforts to control the cost, utilization, and delivery of healthcare services. These measures have resulted in reduced payment rates and decreased utilization for the clinical laboratory industry. Reductions in the reimbursement rate of payors may occur in the future. Reductions in the prices at which our tests are reimbursed could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Risks Relating to Supply Chain, Manufacturing, and Quality 
 
 We depend on third-party manufacturers and suppliers for some of our products, or sub-assemblies, components, and materials used in our products, and if shipments from these manufacturers or suppliers are delayed or interrupted, or if the quality of the products, components, or materials supplied do not meet our requirements, we may not be able to launch, manufacture, or ship our products in a timely manner, or at all. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

The complex nature of our products requires customized, precision-manufactured sub-assemblies, components, and materials that currently are available from a limited number of sources, and, in the case of some sub-assemblies, components, and materials, from only a single source. If deliveries from these vendors are delayed or interrupted for any reason, or if we are otherwise unable to secure a sufficient supply, we may not be able to obtain these sub-assemblies, components, or materials on a timely basis or in sufficient quantities or at satisfactory qualities. We may need to enter into contractual relationships with manufacturers for commercial-scale production of some of our products, in whole or in part, or develop these capabilities internally, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do this on a timely basis, in sufficient quantities, or on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, the lead time needed to establish a relationship with a new supplier can be lengthy, and we may experience delays in meeting demand in the event we must switch to a new supplier. The time and effort required to qualify a new supplier could result in additional costs, diversion of resources, or reduced manufacturing yields, any of which would negatively impact our operating results. Accordingly, we may not be able to establish or maintain reliable, high-volume manufacturing at commercially reasonable costs. In addition, the manufacture or shipment of our products may be delayed or interrupted if the quality of the products, sub-assemblies, components, or materials supplied by our vendors does not meet our requirements. Current or future social and environmental regulations or critical issues, such as those relating to the sourcing of minerals from conflict-affected areas such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo or the need to eliminate environmentally sensitive materials from our products, could restrict the supply of components and materials used in production or increase our costs. Any delay or interruption to our manufacturing process or in shipping our products could result in lost revenue, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 If defects are discovered in our products, we may incur additional unforeseen costs, our products may be subject to recalls, customers may not purchase our products, our reputation may suffer, and ultimately our sales and operating earnings could be negatively impacted. 
 
 Our products incorporate complex, precision-manufactured mechanical parts, electrical components, optical components, and fluidics, as well as computer software and complex surface chemistry and reagents, any of which may contain or result in errors or failures, especially when first introduced. In the course of conducting our business, we must adequately address quality issues associated with our products and services, including defects in our engineering, design, and manufacturing processes, as well as defects in third-party components included in our products. In addition, new products or enhancements may contain undetected errors or performance problems that, despite testing, are discovered only after commercial shipment. Defects or errors in our products may discourage customers from purchasing our products. The costs incurred in correcting any defects or errors may be substantial and could adversely affect our operating margins. Identifying the root cause of quality issues, particularly those affecting reagents and third-party components, may be difficult, which increases the time needed to address quality issues as they arise, and increases the risk that similar problems could recur. Because our products are designed to be used to perform complex genomic analysis, we expect that our customers will have an increased sensitivity to such defects. If we do not meet applicable regulatory or quality standards, our products may be subject to recall, and, under certain circumstances, we may be required to notify applicable regulatory authorities about a recall. If our products are subject to recall or shipment holds, our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 If we are unable to increase our manufacturing or service capacity and develop and maintain operation of our manufacturing or service capability, we may not be able to launch or support our products or services in a timely manner, or at all. 
 
 We expect to increase our manufacturing and service capacity to meet the anticipated demand for our products. Although we have consistently increased our manufacturing and service capacity, and we believe we have plans in place sufficient to ensure we have adequate capacity to meet our current business plans, there are uncertainties inherent in expanding our manufacturing and service capabilities, and we may not be able to sufficiently increase our capacity in a timely manner. For example, manufacturing and product quality issues may arise as we increase production rates at our manufacturing facilities and launch new products. Also, we may not manufacture the right product mix to meet customer demand, especially as we introduce new products. As a result, we may experience difficulties in meeting customer, collaborator, and internal demand, in which case we could lose customers or be required to delay new product introductions, and demand for our products could decline. Additionally, in the past, we have experienced variations in manufacturing conditions and quality control issues that have temporarily reduced or suspended production of certain products. Due to the intricate nature of manufacturing complex instruments, consumables, and products that contain DNA and enzymes, we may encounter similar or previously unknown manufacturing difficulties in the future that could significantly reduce production yields, impact our ability to launch or 
 17 

Table of Contents 

sell these products (or to produce them economically), or prevent us from achieving expected performance levels, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 An interruption in our ability to manufacture our products or an inability to obtain key components or raw materials due to a catastrophic disaster, infectious disease, or infrastructure failure could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We currently manufacture in a limited number of locations. Our manufacturing facilities are located in San Diego and the San Francisco Bay Area in California; Madison, Wisconsin; Cambridge, United Kingdom; and Singapore. These areas are subject to natural disasters such as earthquakes, wildfires, or floods. If a natural disaster were to damage one of our facilities significantly or if other events, such as the outbreak of a serious infectious disease, were to cause our operations to fail or be significantly curtailed, we may be unable to manufacture our products, provide our services, or develop new products. In addition, if the capabilities of our suppliers and component manufacturers are limited or stopped, due to the outbreak of a serious infectious disease, natural or other disasters, quality, regulatory, or other reasons, it could negatively impact our ability to manufacture our products. 
 
 Many of our product manufacturing and distribution processes are automated and are controlled by information management systems, including significant network and storage infrastructure. If either our information management systems or our network or storage infrastructure were to fail for an extended period of time, our ability to manufacture our products on a timely basis could be adversely impacted and we could be prevented from achieving our expected shipments in any given period. 
 
 Risk Relating to COVID-19 
 
 We are unable to predict the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will adversely impact our business operations and financial performance. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic significantly curtailed the movement of people, goods and services worldwide, including in the regions in which we sell our products and services and conduct our business operations. How COVID-19 may impact business activity going forward cannot currently be estimated with any degree of certainty and may (1) negatively impact the demand for our products and services, (2) restrict our sales operations, marketing efforts, and customer field support, (3) impede the shipping and delivery of our products to customers (4) disrupt our supply chain, and (5) limit our ability to conduct research and product development and other important business activities. We continue to monitor our operations and applicable government mandates and recommendations, and we have made modifications to our operations because of the COVID-19 pandemic. In the U.S. and in most other key markets, most of our employees continue to work remotely, while ensuring essential staffing levels in our operations remain in place, including maintaining key personnel in our laboratories and manufacturing facilities, and many may continue to work remotely for an indefinite period of time. Remote working arrangements could impact employees productivity and morale. We may incur increased costs and experience delays in sales, purchases, deliveries and other business activities associated with the invocation by customers, suppliers, service providers, and other business partners of contractual provisions they may claim are triggered by the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, concerns over the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic have caused volatility in financial and other capital markets which may adversely impact the fair value of our marketable securities. 
 
 Risk Relating to the Protection of Our Intellectual Property 
 
 Any inability to effectively protect our proprietary technologies could harm our competitive position. 
 
 The proprietary positions of companies developing tools for the life sciences, genomics, forensics, agricultural, and pharmaceutical industries, including our proprietary position, generally are uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. Our success depends to a large extent on our ability to develop proprietary products and technologies and to obtain patents and maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property in the United States and other countries. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and many companies have encountered significant challenges in establishing and enforcing their proprietary rights outside of the United States. These challenges can be caused by the absence of rules and methods for the establishment and enforcement of intellectual property rights outside of the United States. 
 
 We will be able to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our proprietary technologies are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Any finding that our patents or applications are unenforceable could harm our ability to prevent others from practicing the related technology, and a finding that others have inventorship or ownership rights to our patents and applications could require us to obtain certain rights to practice related technologies, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. Furthermore, as issued patents expire, including those related to our sequencing-by-synthesis technology, we may lose some competitive advantage as others develop, market, and sell competing products, which could negatively affect our revenue. 
 
 In addition, our existing patents and any future patents we obtain may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from practicing our technologies or from developing competing products and may therefore fail to provide us with any competitive advantage. We may need to initiate lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, or litigate against third-party claims, which would be expensive, and, if we lose, may cause us to lose some of our intellectual property rights and reduce our ability to compete in the marketplace. Furthermore, these lawsuits may divert the attention of our management and technical personnel. There is also the risk that others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or design around our patented technologies. In that regard, certain patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents issue, and publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature tend to lag behind actual discoveries by several months. 
 
 We also rely upon trade secrets and proprietary know-how protection for our confidential and proprietary information, and we have taken security measures to protect this information. These measures, however, may not provide adequate protection for our trade secrets, know-how, or other confidential information. 
 
 Risks Related to Acquisitions, Including the Acquisition of GRAIL 
 
 Our acquisitions expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, and we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of acquisitions of businesses or technologies. 
 
 As part of our strategy to develop and identify new products, services, and technologies, we have made, and may continue to make, acquisitions of technologies, products, or businesses. Acquisitions involve numerous risks and operational, financial, and managerial challenges, including the following, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations: 
 difficulties in integrating new operations, technologies, products, and personnel; 
 lack of synergies or the inability to realize expected synergies and cost-savings; 
 lengthy, expensive, and time and resource-intensive regulatory review processes, the outcomes of which can be unpredictable; 
 difficulties in managing geographically dispersed operations; 
 underperformance of any acquired technology, product, or business relative to our expectations and the price we paid; 
 negative near-term impacts on financial results after an acquisition, including acquisition-related earnings charges; 
 the potential loss of key employees, customers, and strategic partners of acquired companies; 
 claims by terminated employees and shareholders of acquired companies or other third parties related to the transaction; 
 the issuance of dilutive securities, assumption or incurrence of additional debt obligations or expenses, or use of substantial portions of our cash; 
 diversion of management s attention and company resources from existing operations of the business; 
 inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies; 
 the impairment of intangible assets as a result of technological advancements, or worse-than-expected performance of acquired companies; and 
 19 

Table of Contents 

assumption of, or exposure to, known or unknown contingent liabilities or liabilities that are difficult to identify or accurately quantify. 
 In addition, the successful integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts and expense across all operational areas, including sales and marketing, research and development, manufacturing, finance, legal, and information technologies. There can be no assurance that any of the acquisitions we make will be successful or will be, or will remain, profitable. Our failure to successfully address the above risks may prevent us from achieving the anticipated benefits from any acquisition in a reasonable time frame, or at all. 
 
 Our acquisition of GRAIL (the Acquisition) remains subject to ongoing legal and regulatory proceedings in the United States and in the European Union. Adverse decisions by the EU and/or U.S. courts, the European Commission, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the FTC) and/or other governmental or regulatory authorities and/or other adverse consequences resulting from our decision to proceed with the completion of the acquisition, could result in significant financial penalties, operational restrictions, increased costs or loss of revenues, implicate our existing contractual arrangements or require us to divest all or a portion of the assets or equity interests of GRAIL on terms that are materially worse than the terms on which we acquired GRAIL, any or all of which, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 As previously disclosed, on March 30, 2021, the FTC filed an administrative complaint alleging that our acquisition of GRAIL (the Acquisition) would violate Section 7 of the Clayton Act, as amended, 15 U.S.C. 18. We filed an answer to the FTC s complaint in the administrative court on April 13, 2021, and the administrative trial commenced on August 24, 2021. On September 1, 2022, the administrative law judge (the ALJ) ruled in favor of Illumina and found that the acquisition of GRAIL did not violate Section 7 of the Clayton Act. In the decision, the ALJ found that the FTC s complaint counsel had failed to prove its prima facie case that Illumina s acquisition of GRAIL would result in harm to competition in a putative market for multi-cancer early detection (MCED) tests. The FTC s complaint counsel appealed the ALJ s decision to the full FTC on September 2, 2022. The appeal was fully briefed as of November 10, 2022 and oral argument occurred on December 13, 2022. A decision from the full FTC is pending . We intend to continue to vigorously defend against the FTC action. 
 As previously disclosed, on April 19, 2021, the European Commission accepted a request for referral of the Acquisition (the Referral) for European Union merger review under Article 22(1) of Council Regulation (EC) No 139/2004 (the EU Merger Regulation), which had been submitted by a Member State of the European Union. The European Commission had previously notified us asserting that as a result of the Referral, pursuant to Article 22(4) of the EU Merger Regulation, we were prohibited from implementing the Acquisition (i) until the European Commission clears the Acquisition under the EU Merger Regulation or (ii) until the European Commission refuses the Referral, and therefore the European Commission s acceptance of the Referral continued the purported standstill on the completion of the Acquisition until such time as the European Commission completes its review and approves the Acquisition. On April 29, 2021, we filed an action in the General Court of the European Union (the EU General Court) asking for annulment of the European Commission s decision asserting jurisdiction to review the Acquisition under Article 22 of the EU Merger Regulation, as the Acquisition does not meet the jurisdictional criteria under the EU Merger Regulation or under the national merger control laws of any Member State of the European Union. On December 16, 2021, the EU General Court held a hearing regarding the European Commission s assertion of jurisdiction. On July 13, 2022, the EU General Court ruled that the European Commission has jurisdiction to review the Acquisition under the EU Merger Regulation. On September 22, 2022, we filed an appeal in the Court of Justice of the European Union asking for annulment of the EU General Court s decision. 
 As previously disclosed, on October 29, 2021, the European Commission adopted an order imposing interim measures (the Initial Interim Measures Order), which provided that (i) we ensure that Illumina and GRAIL will continue to operate as independent legal entities that transact at arms length, no integration activity will take place, the day-to-day operation of GRAIL will remain the sole responsibility of GRAIL s management and our management will have no involvement in or influence over GRAIL, (ii) we take certain supportive measures to preserve GRAIL s viability, marketability and competitiveness, including with respect to the provision of resources to GRAIL and the retention and/or replacement of key personnel of GRAIL, (iii) subject to limited exceptions, we implement all necessary measures to ensure that Illumina does not obtain any confidential information relating to GRAIL during the hold separate period and vice versa and (iv) we appoint an independent firm as monitoring trustee to monitor our compliance with the Initial Interim Measures Order. An independent monitoring trustee has been appointed. As the Initial Interim Measures Order was set to expire on November 3, 2022, the European Commission adopted a new order imposing interim measures (the New Interim Measures Order) on October 28, 2022. The New Interim Measures Order renews, subject to certain operational modifications, Illumina s obligations under the Initial Interim Measures 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Order (as described above), and also expressly prohibits Illumina from selling, transferring, encumbering or otherwise disposing of GRAIL or any of GRAIL s assets. Such hold separate arrangement, and our obligations pursuant thereto, have imposed implementation and administrative processes and additional costs, which have been burdensome to implement and administer, and which we expect to continue for the duration of the hold separate arrangement (pursuant to the New Interim Measures Order or any replacement thereof). Such burdens and additional costs, independently or together with additional burdens, costs and/or liabilities arising from such arrangement, may result in loss of revenue and other adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations and have an adverse impact on our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Acquisition. Further, our failure to comply with the terms of the New Interim Measures Order may result in the European Commission seeking to impose fines or other penalties on us. On December 1, 2021, we filed an action with the EU General Court asking for annulment of the Initial Interim Measures Order. The hearing of that application has been stayed pending our appeal of the judgment of the EU General Court regarding the European Commission s assertion of jurisdiction. On January 10, 2023, we filed an action with the EU General Court asking for annulment of the New Interim Measures Order. 
 On September 6, 2022, the European Commission announced that it had completed its Phase II review of the Acquisition and adopted a final decision (the Prohibition Decision), which found that, in its view, our acquisition of GRAIL was incompatible with the internal market in Europe because it results in a significant impediment to effective competition. On November 17, 2022, we filed an action with the EU General Court asking for annulment of the Prohibition Decision. On December 5, 2022, the European Commission issued a Statement of Objections informing Illumina of the order it intends to adopt requiring us (among other things) to divest GRAIL (the EC Divestment Decision). We filed a response to the Statement of Objections on January 16, 2023. Neither the Prohibition Decision nor such public statements indicate when any such EC Divestment Decision may be adopted. We intend to appeal any EC Divestment Decision (if and when adopted by the European Commission) and, if necessary, to seek interim relief suspending the divestment of GRAIL until the final determination of these appeals. 
 
 The Prohibition Decision and the EC Divestment Decision, and any order or decision by the FTC pursuant to which Illumina is required to divest GRAIL (an FTC Divestment Decision), if implemented once final and non-appealable or during the pendency of the applicable appeals proceedings, and our obligations pursuant thereto, will impose significant costs and additional liabilities on us, including significant advisory fees and additional expenses, and may result in loss of revenue and other adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such adverse effects could include being required to divest GRAIL on terms that are materially worse than the terms on which we acquired GRAIL. Furthermore, we may not be able to direct the timing, structure or financial terms of such divestment, which could result in negative financial or tax consequences. For example, we are unlikely to be able to, in a sale of GRAIL, effect such sale in a non-taxable transaction and so would incur significant tax liabilities attributable to the recognition of taxable gain equal to the difference between (i) the fair market value of any consideration received and (ii) our tax basis in GRAIL (which tax basis is currently estimated to be between 500 million and 1 billion). In addition, any such divestment will likely implicate certain provisions in our third-party contracts and other agreements, including our obligations with respect to contingent value rights (the CVRs) issued by us as part of the Acquisition, which may adversely affect us and our business and/or the market value of the CVRs or have other consequences. For example, we may be unable to fully discharge our obligations with respect to the CVRs in connection with any such divestiture, and/or such divestiture may result in a change in obligor on the CVRs. Moreover, the business of GRAIL may be adversely affected by any such divestment, which could adversely affect the market value of the CVRs. The Prohibition Decision and the implementation of the EC Divestment Decision or an FTC Divestment Decision could also divert management s attention and company resources away from existing operations and other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us, any or all of which, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. We cannot predict what other adverse consequences to, among other things, our reputation, our relationships with governmental or regulatory authorities or our ability to successfully complete future transactions may result. 
 Additionally, on July 19, 2022, the European Commission issued a Statement of Objections alleging that we breached the EU Merger Regulation by completing the Acquisition. We believe that the European Commission will likely seek to impose a fine on us pursuant to Article 14(2)(b) of the EU Merger Regulation of up to 10 of our consolidated annual revenues (the Article 14(2)(b) Fine) in Q1 2023. In addition, the European Commission, the FTC and/or other governmental or regulatory authorities may seek to impose other fines, penalties, remedies or restrictions. We intend to vigorously defend against any such fines, penalties, remedies or restrictions, but we cannot predict the scope or severity thereof or the outcome of any related proceedings. We also cannot predict what other adverse consequences to, among other things, our reputation, our relationships with governmental or regulatory authorities or our ability to successfully complete future acquisitions and/or divestitures may result from our decision to proceed with the completion of the Acquisition. We expect to continue to hold the assets or equity interests of GRAIL separate until the applicable legal and regulatory proceedings are completed or, if required, a divestment of GRAIL is effected, and such inability to integrate may materially and adversely affect or prevent the synergies and other benefits we expect to achieve as a result of the Acquisition and could result in additional costs or liabilities, loss of revenue and other 
 21 

Table of Contents 

adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As of January 1, 2023, we accrued 458 million in anticipation of a potential Article 14(2)(b) Fine, included in accrued liabilities, representing 10 of our consolidated annual revenues for fiscal year 2022 in accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies . In addition, under applicable accounting rules, we may be required from time to time to perform interim analyses of the value of GRAIL. To the extent that the value of GRAIL on a standalone basis is less than its book value, we would be required to record an impairment on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We are subject to various uncertainties and restrictions while the Acquisition remains subject to ongoing regulatory and legal review and proceedings related thereto, including the New Interim Measures Order, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 During the period in which the Acquisition remains subject to ongoing regulatory and legal review and proceedings related thereto, it is possible that customers, suppliers, commercial partners and/or other persons with whom we have a business relationship may elect to delay or defer certain business decisions or decide to seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationships with us because of the Acquisition or the various uncertainties related to the ongoing review of the Acquisition, other legal and regulatory proceedings, and/or the hold separate arrangement required by the European Commission s New Interim Measures Order, which could significantly reduce the expected benefits of the Acquisition and/or negatively affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows, and the market price of our common stock, regardless of the ultimate outcome of such review and proceedings. Uncertainty about the effects of the Acquisition (and about the related regulatory and judicial review process) on employees may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel while the Acquisition remains subject to ongoing regulatory and legal review and proceedings, and for a period of time thereafter. If key employees depart because of these or other issues, we and GRAIL may have to incur additional and significant costs in identifying, hiring and retaining replacements for departing employees and may lose significant expertise and talent. Matters relating to the Acquisition (including the regulatory and legal review and proceedings related thereto and the hold separate arrangement required by the New Interim Measures Order) require substantial commitments of time and resources by Illumina management and personnel and will continue in the future, which otherwise would have been devoted to day-to-day operations and other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us. We will also incur significant costs related to the ongoing review and proceedings related to the Acquisition (including to comply with the hold separate obligations required by the New Interim Measures Order). These costs are substantial and include financial advisory, legal, monitoring trustee, and accounting costs. 
 
 We currently are prohibited from integrating GRAIL s business, and if such integration is ultimately permitted, we may not be able to integrate GRAIL s business successfully or manage the combined business effectively. Many of the anticipated synergies and other benefits of acquiring GRAIL may not be realized or may not be realized within the expected time frame. 
 
 We and GRAIL entered into the Merger Agreement with the expectation that the Acquisition would result in various benefits, including, among other things, operating efficiencies, synergies and cost savings. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the Acquisition is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether our and GRAIL s businesses can be integrated in an efficient and effective manner. While we are subject to the New Interim Measures Order, we are not able to integrate or have any involvement in or influence over GRAIL s business and our interactions with GRAIL are subject to the review of the appointed monitoring trustee, which requires us to incur additional costs and burdens us and GRAIL with administrative inefficiencies. Such delay in integration and managerial prohibitions may materially and adversely affect the synergies and other benefits we expect to achieve as a result of the Acquisition, and there is no guarantee that we will be permitted to integrate GRAIL in a timely manner or at all. 
 
 If we are ultimately able to integrate GRAIL, it is possible that the integration process could take longer than anticipated or that the management of the combined business could be more difficult than expected, and could result in the loss of valuable employees, the disruption of ongoing businesses, processes, systems and business relationships, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies and compensation arrangements, any of which could adversely affect our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Acquisition. Our results of operations could also be adversely affected by any issues attributable to either company s operations that arise or are based on events or actions that occur before the closing of the Acquisition or during the pendency of the hold separate arrangements. The integration process is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and no assurance can be given that the anticipated benefits of the Acquisition will be realized or, if realized, the timing of their realization. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could adversely affect our and the surviving company s future businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

The market price of our common stock may decline as a result of the Acquisition and the final outcomes of the regulatory and judicial reviews thereof. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may decline as a result of the Acquisition and the final outcomes of the regulatory and judicial reviews thereof, and holders of our common stock could see a decrease in the value of their investment in our common stock, if, among other things, we are unable to achieve the expected growth in earnings, or if the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies, from the Acquisition are not realized, or if the Acquisition and integration-related costs related to the Acquisition are greater than expected, or if, as a result of unfavorable outcomes of regulatory and judicial proceedings, we are subject to fines, penalties, restrictions or remedies, including divestiture remedies. The market price of our common stock may also decline if we do not achieve the anticipated benefits of the Acquisition as rapidly or to the extent expected by financial or industry analysts or if the effects of the Acquisition on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows are not otherwise consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts. In addition, some former GRAIL stockholders may decide not to continue to hold the shares of our common stock they receive as a result of the Acquisition, and any such sales of our common stock could have the effect of depressing their market price. Moreover, general fluctuations in stock markets could have a material adverse effect on the market for, or liquidity of, our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Strategic Collaborations 
 
 If we fail to maintain and successfully manage our strategic collaborations, our future results may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Strategic collaborations require significant management attention and operational resources. If we are unable to successfully manage or meet milestones related to our strategic collaborations, or if our partners do not perform as we expect, our future results may be adversely impacted. Furthermore, dependence on collaborative arrangements may also subject us to other risks, including: 
 we may be required to relinquish important rights, including intellectual property, marketing and distribution rights; 
 we may disagree with our partners as to rights to intellectual property, the direction of research programs, or commercialization activities; 
 our revenues may be lower than if we were to develop and commercialize such products ourselves; 
 a collaboration partner could develop and market a product that is competitive with either products developed under the collaboration or other of our products, either independently or in collaboration with others, including our competitors; 
 our partners could become unable or less willing to expend their resources in support of our collaboration; 
 collaborations could expose us to additional regulatory risks; and 
 we may be unsuccessful at managing multiple simultaneous collaborations. 
 Moreover, disagreements with a partner or former partner could develop, and any conflict with a partner or former partner could reduce our ability to enter into future collaboration agreements and negatively impact our relationships with one or more existing partners. 
 
 Risks Relating to Litigation 
 
 Litigation, other proceedings, or third-party claims of intellectual property infringement could require us to spend significant time and money and could prevent us from selling our products or services. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our non-infringement of the patents or proprietary rights of third parties. Third parties have asserted and may in the future assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. As we enter new markets or introduce new products, we expect that competitors will likely claim that our products infringe their intellectual property rights as part of a business strategy to impede our successful competition. In addition, third parties may have obtained and may in the future obtain patents allowing them to claim that the use of our technologies infringes these patents. We could incur substantial costs and divert the attention of our management and technical personnel in defending ourselves against any of these claims. Any adverse ruling or perception of an 
 23 

Table of Contents 

adverse ruling in defending ourselves against these claims could have an adverse impact on our stock price, which may be disproportionate to the actual impact of the ruling itself. Furthermore, parties making claims against us may be able to obtain injunctive or other relief, which effectively could block our ability to develop further, commercialize, or sell products or services, and could result in the award of substantial damages against us. In the event of a successful infringement claim against us, we may be required to pay damages and obtain one or more licenses from third parties or be prohibited from selling certain products or services. In addition, we may be unable to obtain these licenses at a reasonable cost, if at all. We could therefore incur substantial costs related to royalty payments for licenses obtained from third parties, which could negatively affect our gross margins and earnings per share. In addition, we could encounter delays in product introductions while we attempt to develop alternative methods or products. Defense of any lawsuit or failure to obtain any of these licenses on favorable terms could prevent us from commercializing products, and the prohibition of sale of any of our products or services could adversely affect our ability to grow or maintain profitability. 
 
 If product or service liability lawsuits are successfully brought against us, we may face reduced demand for our products and incur significant liabilities. 
 
 Our products and services are used for sensitive applications, and we face an inherent risk of exposure to product or service liability claims if our products or services are alleged to have caused harm, resulted in false negatives or false positives, or do not perform in accordance with specifications. Product liability claims filed against us or against third parties to whom we may have an obligation could be costly and time-consuming to defend and result in substantial damages or reputational risk. We cannot be certain that we would be able to successfully defend any product or service liability lawsuit brought against us. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product or service liability claims may result in: decreased demand for our products; injury to our reputation; increased product liability insurance costs; costs of related litigation; and substantial monetary awards to plaintiffs. 
 Although we carry product and service liability insurance, if we become the subject of a successful product or service liability lawsuit, our insurance may not cover all substantial liabilities, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Risks Relating to Government Regulation 
 
 Our products, if used for the diagnosis of disease, could be subject to government regulation, and the regulatory approval and maintenance process for such products may be expensive, time-consuming, and uncertain both in timing and in outcome. 
 
 Our products are not subject to FDA clearance or approval if they are not intended to be used for the diagnosis, treatment or prevention of disease. However, as we expand our product line to encompass products that are intended to be used for the diagnosis of disease, such as our FDA-regulated MiSeqDx, certain of our products will become subject to regulation by the FDA, or comparable international agencies, including requirements for regulatory clearance or approval of such products before they can be marketed. Such regulatory approval processes or clearances may be expensive, time-consuming, and uncertain, and our failure to obtain or comply with such approvals and clearances could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. In addition, changes to the current regulatory framework, including the imposition of additional or new regulations, could arise at any time during the development or marketing of our products, which may negatively affect our ability to obtain or maintain FDA or comparable regulatory approval of our products, if required. 
 
 Diagnostic products are regulated as medical devices by the FDA and comparable international agencies and may require either clearance from the FDA following the 510(k) pre-market notification process or pre-market approval from the FDA, in each case prior to marketing. Obtaining the requisite regulatory approvals can be expensive and may involve considerable delay. If we fail to obtain, or experience significant delays in obtaining, regulatory approvals for diagnostic products that we develop, we may not be able to launch or successfully commercialize such products in a timely manner, or at all. 
 
 In addition, if our products labeled as For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures, or RUO, are used, or could be used, for the diagnosis of disease, the regulatory requirements related to marketing, selling, and supporting such products could change or be uncertain, even if such use by our customers is without our consent. If the FDA or other regulatory authorities assert that any of our RUO products are subject to regulatory clearance or approval, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

If the FDA requires in the future that any of our LDT products be subject to regulatory clearance or approval, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Certain of our diagnostic products are currently available through laboratories that are certified under the Clinical Laboratory Improvements Amendments (CLIA) of 1988. These products are commonly called laboratory developed tests, or LDTs. For a number of years, the FDA has exercised its regulatory enforcement discretion not to regulate LDTs as medical devices if created and used within a single laboratory. However, the FDA has been reconsidering its enforcement discretion policy and has commented that regulation of LDTs may be warranted because of the growth in the volume and complexity of testing services utilizing LDTs. We cannot predict the nature or extent of the FDA's final guidance or regulation of LDTs, in general, or with respect to our LDTs, in particular. If the FDA requires in the future that LDT products are subject to regulatory clearance or approval, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Relating to Information Technology Security and Continuity 
 
 Despite using commercially reasonable measures to secure our systems, networks, and products, security breaches, including with respect to cyber-security, and other disruptions could compromise our information, products, and services, disrupt our or our customers operations, and expose us to liability, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information (and that of our customers), and personally identifiable information of our customers and employees and store it in our data centers and on our networks. Our customers also collect sensitive data and information using our products. The secure maintenance of information is important to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology infrastructure and our products may in the future be, and have in the past been, impacted by cyber-attacks, employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions due to the inherent features of Internet and technical limitations. 
 
 We and users of our products may face cyber-attacks, including from nation state actors or advanced persistent threats who attempt to penetrate our or our customers network security, including our data centers; sabotage or otherwise disable our research, products, and services, including instruments at our customers sites; misappropriate our or our customers' and partners' proprietary information, which may include personally identifiable information; or cause interruptions of our or our customers internal operations, systems and services. Any such breach could compromise our or our customers networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or exfiltrated. Any such access, disruption, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in an adverse impact on our or our customers business, legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and damage to our reputation. 
 
 Disruption of critical information technology systems could have an adverse effect on our operations, business, customer relations, and financial condition. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our IT systems, which are used extensively in virtually all aspects of our business. IT systems may be vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, power loss, natural disasters, human acts, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, unauthorized access to customer or employee data or company trade secrets, and other attempts to harm our systems. Certain of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality. Despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in, among other consequences, disruption of our operations, which could harm our reputation and financial results. 
 
 As we continuously adjust our workflow and business practices and add additional functionality to our enterprise software, problems could arise that we have not foreseen, including interruptions in service, loss of data, inaccurate data, or reduced functionality. Such problems could adversely impact our ability to run our business in a timely manner. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Doing business internationally, especially in emerging markets, creates operational risk for our business. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Conducting and launching operations on an international scale requires close coordination of activities across multiple jurisdictions and consumes significant management resources. If we fail to coordinate and manage these activities effectively, including the risks noted below, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. We have sales offices located internationally throughout Europe, the Asia-Pacific region, and Brazil, as well as manufacturing and research facilities in Singapore and the United Kingdom. Shipments to customers outside the United States comprised 50 , 52 , and 49 of our total revenue in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 We are subject to the following risks and challenges associated with conducting business globally, particularly in emerging international markets, where we expect a growing proportion of our business to be located: 
 longer payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable outside of the United States; 
 longer sales cycles due to the volume of transactions taking place through public tenders; 
 challenges in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 tariffs and other trade barriers; 
 lack of consistency, and unexpected changes, in legislative or regulatory requirements of foreign countries into which we sell our products; 
 increased risk of governmental and regulatory scrutiny and investigations; 
 the burden of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, regulations, and legal standards; 
 operating in locations with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices; 
 import and export requirements, tariffs, taxes, and other trade barriers; 
 weak or no protection of intellectual property rights; 
 possible enactment of laws regarding the management of and access to data and public networks and websites; 
 potential negative impact of a global health crisis, such as the outbreak of a serious infectious disease, to our commercial or manufacturing operations, including the loss of productivity from our own workforce and consequences of any restrictions on the movement of people or materials; 
 possible future limitations on foreign-owned businesses; 
 significant taxes; and 
 general geopolitical risks beyond our control, including political, social and economic instability, changes in diplomatic and trade relations, and security concerns in general. 
 Additionally, we must comply with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, anti-competition regulations and sanctions imposed by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control and other similar laws and regulations. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, restrictions on our business conduct and on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our ability to attract and retain employees, our international operations, our business and our operating results. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies. 
 
 As we continue to expand our business into multiple international markets, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. Any of these risks could harm our international operations and negatively impact our sales, adversely affecting our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 
 The armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the international sanctions imposed on Russia, and the restrictions imposed on exports to Russia could negatively affect our business. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

As a result of the armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine, doing business in the Ukraine may not be practicable. In addition, the U.S. and other countries have imposed sanctions on Russia, including its major financial institutions and certain other businesses and individuals, as well as restrictions on exports to Russia. These sanctions and export restrictions have increased in magnitude over time. Russia has responded in kind, and the continuation of the conflict may result in additional sanctions and export restrictions being enacted by the U.S. or other countries. The impact of these sanctions and export restrictions, along with the spillover effect of ongoing civil, political and economic disturbances on surrounding areas, has affected our ability to ship products into the region, and has reduced our sales. Further, sanctions or export restrictions may limit or prohibit our ability to collect or pay liabilities owed by or to certain Russian entities or to supply products and services, directly or indirectly, into Russia at all. Although we currently do not expect the conflict to have a material adverse effect on our financial results, the impact of these events on general economic conditions is currently unknown and could in the future have a negative effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition or growth prospects. 
 
 We are exposed to risks associated with transactions denominated in foreign currency. 
 
 During 2022, more than half of our international sales were denominated in foreign currencies while the majority of our purchases of raw materials were denominated in U.S. dollars. Changes in the value of the relevant currencies may affect the cost of certain items required in our operations. Changes in currency exchange rates may also affect the relative prices at which we are able to sell products in the same market. Our revenues from international customers may be negatively impacted as increases in the U.S. dollar relative to our international customers local currency could make our products more expensive, impacting our ability to compete. Our costs of materials from international suppliers may increase if, in order to continue doing business with us, they raise their prices as the value of the U.S. dollar decreases relative to their local currency. Foreign policies and actions regarding currency valuation could result in actions by the United States and other countries to offset the effects of such fluctuations. Recent global financial conditions have led to a high level of volatility in foreign currency exchange rates and that level of volatility may continue, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to taxation in multiple jurisdictions. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgments based on interpretations of existing tax laws or regulations are required in determining the provision for income taxes. Our effective income tax rate could be adversely affected by various factors, including, but not limited to, changes in the mix of earnings in tax jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in existing tax policies, laws, regulations, or rates, changes in the level of non-deductible expenses (including share-based compensation), location of operations, changes in our future levels of research and development spending, mergers and acquisitions, or the result of examinations by various tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other taxing authority disagrees with the positions taken on our tax returns, we could have additional tax liability, including interest and penalties. If material, payment of such additional amounts upon final adjudication of any disputes could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period, and we may not be able to sustain operating profitability. 
 
 Our revenue is subject to fluctuations due to the timing of sales of high-value products and services, the effects of new product launches and related promotions, the timing and availability of our customers funding, the impact of seasonal spending patterns, the timing and size of research projects our customers perform, changes in overall spending levels in the life sciences industry, and other unpredictable factors that may affect customer ordering patterns. In particular, collaboration agreements and large-scale government funded projects such as population genomic projects are the result of lengthy and complex negotiations, and the timing of revenue recognition in connection with these agreements and projects may be subject to significant uncertainty because of the long-term nature of development and collaboration projects, as well as sample availability for population genomics projects. 
 
 Given the difficulty in predicting the timing and magnitude of sales for our products and services, we may experience quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in revenue resulting in the potential for a sequential decline in quarterly revenue. While we anticipate future growth, there is some uncertainty as to the timing of revenue on a quarterly basis. This is because a substantial portion of our quarterly revenue is typically recognized in the last month of a quarter and because the pattern for revenue generation during that month is normally not linear, with a concentration of orders in the final weeks of the quarter. In light of that, our manufacturing and shipping operations may experience increased pressure 
 27 

Table of Contents 

and demand during the time period shortly before the end of a fiscal quarter; delays related to our manufacturing and shipping operations during this time period could delay the recognition of revenue. 
 
 From time to time, we receive large orders that have a significant effect on our operating results in the period in which the order is recognized as revenue. The timing of such orders is difficult to predict, and the timing of revenue recognition from such orders may affect period-to-period changes in net sales. As a result, our operating results could vary materially from quarter-to-quarter based on the receipt of such orders and their ultimate recognition as revenue. 
 
 Adverse economic or market conditions may harm our business. 
 
 Worsening economic conditions, including inflation, increasing interest rates, decreasing economic activity, volatility in equity and credit markets or other changes in the economic environment, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. For example, we depend on third-party manufacturers and suppliers for some of our products, or sub-assemblies, components, and materials used in our products, and the suppliers of these inputs may seek to raise prices in the current inflationary economic environment. If our costs increase and we are unable to successfully pass along those increased costs to our customers, our revenue and or operating profitability may be adversely affected. In addition, we have a variable-interest-rate credit facility (see note 5 . Debt and Other Commitments ), under which we have no currently outstanding debt, and we may in the future raise additional debt or refinance existing debt. Our cost of borrowing in the future may be higher than it has been to date because interest rates have risen and may continue to increase. An increased cost of borrowing may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 See discussion of legal proceedings in note 8. Legal Proceedings within the Consolidated Financial Statements section of this report, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

MARKET INFORMATION 
 
 Our common stock has been quoted on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ILMN since July 28, 2000. The following table sets forth, for the fiscal periods indicated, the quarterly high and low sales prices per share of our common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 2022 2021 High Low High Low First Quarter 428.00 302.79 555.77 356.00 Second Quarter 371.16 180.00 487.00 368.07 Third Quarter 236.29 173.45 526.00 391.33 Fourth Quarter 248.87 179.75 425.00 341.03 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder returns on our common stock for the last five fiscal years with the cumulative total stockholder returns on the Nasdaq Composite Index, the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index, and the S P 500 Index for the same period. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 29, 2017 in our common stock and in each index and that all dividends were reinvested. No cash dividends have been declared on our common stock. Stockholder returns over the indicated period should not be considered indicative of future stockholder returns. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Compare 5-Year Cumulative Total Return among Illumina, Nasdaq Composite Index, 
 Nasdaq Biotechnology Index, and S P 500 Index 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of February 10, 2023, we had 620 record holders of our common stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never paid cash dividends and have no present intention to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The indenture for our convertible senior notes due in 2023, which are convertible into cash and, in certain circumstances, shares of our common stock, requires us to increase the conversion rate applicable to the notes if we pay any cash dividends. 

SHARE REPURCHASES AND SALES 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 
 There were no purchases of equity securities in 2022. 
 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 There were no sales of unregistered securities in 2022. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS 
 
 Our Management s Discussion and Analysis (MD A) will help readers understand our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flow. It is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes. This MD A is organized as follows: 
 
 Management s Overview and Outlook. High level discussion of our operating results and significant known trends that affect our business. 
 Results of Operations. Detailed discussion of our revenues and expenses. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources. Discussion of key aspects of our consolidated statements of cash flows, changes in our financial position, and our financial commitments. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. Discussion of critical accounting policies and the significant assumptions, estimates, and judgments we make in applying such policies. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk. Discussion of our financial instruments exposure to market risk. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements. Summary of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our consolidated financial statements. 
 This MD A generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 2021 . 
 
 This MD A discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See Consideration Regarding Forward-Looking Statements preceding the Business Market Overview section of this report for additional factors relating to such statements. See Risk Factors within the Business Market Information section of this report for a discussion of certain risk factors applicable to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Operating results are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur in future periods. 

MANAGEMENT S OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK 
 
 This overview and outlook provide a high-level discussion of our operating results and significant known trends that affect our business. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important to understanding our financial results for the periods being reported herein as well as our future financial performance. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive, nor is it intended to be a substitute for the detailed discussion and analysis provided elsewhere in this report. 
 
 About Illumina 
 
 Our focus on innovation has established us as a global leader in DNA sequencing and array-based technologies, serving customers in the research, clinical and applied markets. Our products are used for applications in the life sciences, oncology, reproductive health, agriculture and other emerging segments. 
 
 Our customers include leading genomic research centers, academic institutions, government laboratories, and hospitals, as well as pharmaceutical, biotechnology, commercial molecular diagnostic laboratories, and consumer genomics companies. 
 
 Our comprehensive line of products addresses the scale of experimentation and breadth of functional analysis to advance disease research, drug development, and the development of molecular tests. This portfolio of leading-edge sequencing and array-based solutions addresses a range of genomic complexity and throughput, enabling researchers and clinical practitioners to select the best solution for their scientific challenge. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

On August 18, 2021, we acquired GRAIL, a healthcare company focused on early detection of multiple cancers. GRAIL s Galleri blood test detects various types of cancers before they are symptomatic. We believe our acquisition of GRAIL will accelerate the adoption of next-generation sequencing based early multi-cancer detection tests, enhance our position in Clinical Genomics, and increase our directly accessible total addressable market. The acquisition is subject to ongoing legal proceedings, and, currently, GRAIL must be held and operated separately and independently from Illumina pursuant to interim measures ordered by the European Commission, which prohibited our acquisition of GRAIL on September 6, 2022. See note 4. Acquisitions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets and note 8. Legal Proceedings for further details. We have included the financial results of GRAIL in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
 
 We have two reportable segments, Core Illumina and GRAIL, as of January 1, 2023. Core Illumina relates to our core operations, excluding the results of GRAIL. See note 11. Segments and Geographic Data for additional details. 
 
 Our financial results have been, and will continue to be, impacted by several significant trends, which are described below. While these trends are important to understanding and evaluating our financial results, this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto within the Consolidated Financial Statements section of this report, and the other transactions, events, and trends discussed in Risk Factors within the Business Market Information section of this report. 
 
 Financial Overview 
 
 Since 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic and international efforts to control its spread have significantly curtailed the movement of people, goods, and services worldwide, including in the regions where we sell our products and services and conduct our business operations. In addition, armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine, which began in 2022, and the sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries, may impact our ability to ship products into affected regions and to designated customers. Furthermore, macroeconomic factors such as inflation, exchange rates and concerns about an economic downturn have impacted both Illumina directly and our customers behavior. For example, some customers experienced supply chain pressures that delayed their lab expansions and others are managing inventory and capital more conservatively. We expect these factors to continue to impact our sales and results of operations in 2023, the size and duration of which is significantly uncertain. 
 
 Financial highlights for 2022 included the following: 
 Revenue increased 1 in 2022 to 4.6 billion compared to 4.5 billion in 2021 primarily due to growth in sequencing consumables revenue and service and other revenue, partially offset by a decrease in sequencing instruments revenue. We expect our revenue to continue to increase in 2023. In September 2022, we announced the upcoming launch of the NovaSeq X Series, our latest high-throughput instrument that became available in Q1 2023. 
 Gross profit as a percentage of revenue (gross margin) was 64.8 in 2022 compared to 69.7 in 2021. The decrease in gross margin was driven primarily by the gross loss incurred by GRAIL in 2022 and by less fixed cost leverage related to Core Illumina. Our gross margin depends on many factors, including: market conditions that may impact our pricing; sales mix changes among consumables, instruments, services, and development and licensing revenue; product mix changes between established products and new products; excess and obsolete inventories; royalties; our cost structure for manufacturing operations relative to volume; freight costs; and product support obligations. 
 Loss from operations increased to (4.2) billion in 2022 compared to (123) million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to an impairment of 3.9 billion on goodwill related to GRAIL, a legal contingency of 458 million related to a potential fine we expect the European Commission to impose related to the closing of our acquisition of GRAIL, a loss of 145 million related to our settlement of litigation with BGI, and a decrease of 182 million in gross profit, partially offset by a decrease in selling, general and administrative expense of 795 million. We expect our operating expenses to continue to grow on an absolute basis in 2023. 
 Our effective tax rate was (1.6) and 13.8 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022, the variance from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 was primarily because of the tax impacts of the impairment of goodwill and the potential European Commission fine related to the GRAIL acquisition, both of which are nondeductible for tax purposes, the tax impact of capitalizing research and development expense for tax purposes, and the tax impact of GRAIL pre-acquisition net operating losses on GILTI and utilization of 
 31 

Table of Contents 

U.S. foreign tax credits. This was partially offset by the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, such as in Singapore and the United Kingdom. 
 
 Our future effective tax rate may vary from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate due to the mix of earnings in tax jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates and the other factors discussed in the risk factor We are subject to risks related to taxation in multiple jurisdictions in Risk Factors within the Business Market Information section of this report. We anticipate that our future effective tax rate will be lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 due to the portion of our earnings that will be subject to lower statutory tax rates. 
 We ended 2022 with cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaling 2.0 billion, of which approximately 487 million was held by our foreign subsidiaries. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 To enhance comparability, the following table sets forth audited consolidated statement of operations data for 2022, 2021, and 2020, stated as a percentage of total revenue. (1) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Product revenue 86.2 87.7 84.4 Service and other revenue 13.8 12.3 15.6 Total revenue 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of revenue: Cost of product revenue 25.0 23.4 24.3 Cost of service and other revenue 6.4 5.3 6.8 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 3.8 1.6 0.9 Total cost of revenue 35.2 30.3 32.0 Gross profit 64.8 69.7 68.0 Operating expense: Research and development 28.8 26.2 21.1 Selling, general and administrative 28.3 46.2 29.0 Legal contingency and settlement 13.5 Goodwill impairment 85.4 Total operating expense 156.0 72.4 50.1 (Loss) income from operations (91.2) (2.7) 17.9 Other income (expense): Interest income 0.2 1.3 Interest expense (0.6) (1.3) (1.5) Other (expense) income, net (3.0) 23.5 8.7 Total other (expense) income, net (3.4) 22.2 8.5 (Loss) income before income taxes (94.6) 19.5 26.4 Provision for income taxes 1.5 2.7 6.1 Net (loss) income (96.1) 16.8 20.3 
 _____________ 
 (1) Percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Revenue 
 2022-2021 Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Change Change Core Illumina: Consumables 3,246 3,220 26 1 Instruments 729 753 (24) (3) Total product revenue 3,975 3,973 2 Service and other revenue 578 546 32 6 Total Core Illumina revenue 4,553 4,519 34 1 GRAIL: Service and other revenue 55 12 43 358 Eliminations (24) (5) (19) 380 Total consolidated revenue 4,584 4,526 58 1 
 
 The increase in Core Illumina consumables revenue in 2022 was primarily due to an increase in sequencing consumables revenue of 26 million, driven primarily by growth in the instrument installed base, partially offset by the impact of challenging macroeconomic factors on our customers. Core Illumina instruments revenue decreased in 2022, primarily due to a decrease in sequencing instruments revenue of 26 million, which was driven by fewer shipments of our high-throughput instruments, as customers managed capital purchases more conservatively in response to the challenging macro environment and anticipated the availability of the NovaSeq X in 2023, partially offset by increased shipments of our mid-throughput instruments, driven by our NextSeq 1000/2000 instrument. Core Illumina service and other revenue increased in 2022, primarily due to increased revenue from extended maintenance service contracts and sequencing services, partially offset by revenue from a patent litigation settlement in 2021. Core Illumina revenue was adversely impacted by 84 million in 2022 due to unfavorable foreign exchange rate fluctuations, which is net of amounts reclassified to revenue of 53 million in 2022 related to our cash flow hedges. 
 
 GRAIL service and other revenue in 2022 and 2021, for the period subsequent to the acquisition, related primarily to sales of Galleri. 
 
 Gross Margin 
 2022-2021 Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Change Change Gross profit (loss): Core Illumina 3,107 3,195 (88) (3) GRAIL (117) (41) (76) 185 Eliminations (18) (18) 100 Consolidated gross profit 2,972 3,154 (182) (6) Gross margin: Core Illumina 68.2 70.7 GRAIL Consolidated gross margin 64.8 69.7 
 _____________ 
 Not meaningful. 
 
 The decrease in Core Illumina gross margin in 2022 was driven primarily by less fixed cost leverage on lower manufacturing volumes and higher freight costs, partially offset by favorable product mix. The decrease was also driven by increased revenue in 2021 from a patent litigation settlement. 
 
 GRAIL gross loss, in 2022 and 2021, for the period subsequent to the acquisition, was primarily due to amortization of intangible assets of 134 million and 45 million, respectively. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Operating Expense 
 2022-2021 Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Change Change Research and development: Core Illumina 1,004 885 119 13 GRAIL 330 300 30 10 Eliminations (13) (13) 100 Consolidated research and development 1,321 1,185 136 11 Selling, general and administrative: Core Illumina 1,003 1,502 (499) (33) GRAIL 296 590 (294) (50) Eliminations (2) (2) 100 Consolidated selling, general and administrative 1,297 2,092 (795) (38) Legal contingency and settlement: Core Illumina 619 619 100 Goodwill impairment: GRAIL 3,914 3,914 100 Total consolidated operating expense 7,151 3,277 3,874 118 
 
 Core Illumina R D expense increased by 119 million, or 13 , primarily due to increases in headcount, as we continue to invest in the research and development of new products and enhancements to existing products, and restructuring charges of 6 million, which consisted primarily of employee severance costs, recorded in Q4 2022, partially offset by a decrease in licensing fees related to co-development agreements and performance-based compensation. 
 
 GRAIL R D expense for 2022 consisted primarily of expenses related to headcount, including performance-based compensation, and clinical trials. GRAIL R D expense for 2021, for the period subsequent to the acquisition, consisted primarily of 167 million of share-based compensation expense related to the acceleration of outstanding equity awards as part of the acquisition, as well as other compensation costs related to the acquisition, and expenses related to headcount and clinical trials. 
 
 Core Illumina SG A expense decreased by 499 million, or 33 , primarily due to the decrease in fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities of 205 million, primarily related to our GRAIL acquisition, a decrease in expenses related to our acquisition of GRAIL, which included 245 million in Continuation Payments made to GRAIL in 2021, and a decrease in performance-based compensation, partially offset by an increase in headcount, and restructuring charges of 24 million recorded in Q4 2022, which consisted primarily of employee severance costs and a lease impairment charge. 
 
 GRAIL SG A expense for 2022 consisted primarily of expenses related to headcount, including performance-based compensation, and professional services. GRAIL SG A expense for 2021, for the period subsequent to the acquisition, consisted primarily of 448 million of share-based compensation expense related to the acceleration of outstanding equity awards as part of the acquisition, as well as other compensation and transaction costs related to the acquisition, and expenses related to headcount. 
 Core Illumina legal contingency and settlement primarily consisted of an accrual of 458 million for the potential fine that the European Commission may impose of up to 10 of our consolidated annual revenues and a net loss of 145 million related to the settlement of our litigation with BGI. See note 8. Legal Proceedings for additional details. 
 GRAIL goodwill impairment consisted of a goodwill impairment charge of 3,914 million as a result of performing an interim impairment test in Q3 2022 due to the identification of certain triggering events. See note 4. Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets for additional details. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Other Income (Expense) 
 2022-2021 Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Change Change Interest income 11 11 100 Interest expense (26) (61) 35 (57) Other (expense) income, net (142) 1,068 (1,210) (113) Total other (expense) income, net (157) 1,007 (1,164) (116) 
 
 Total other (expense) income, net primarily relates to Core Illumina for all periods presented. 
 
 Interest income consisted primarily of interest on our money market funds, which benefited from higher yields in 2022 due to rising interest rates. Interest expense consisted primarily of accrued interest on our Term Notes. The decrease in 2022 primarily relates to the accretion of the original debt discount on our convertible senior notes prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06. The decrease in 2022 was also due to the recognition of interest expense in 2021 associated with the amortization of debt issuance costs related to the termination of our Bridge Facility. The decrease in other (expense) income, net was primarily due to gains recorded in 2021, including a gain of 899 million from our previously held investment in GRAIL, recorded as part of the acquisition, a gain of 86 million related to the exchange of certain GRAIL contingent value rights, and a 26 million gain on our derivative assets related to the terminated PacBio acquisition. The decrease is also attributable to a net loss on our strategic investments of 122 million in 2022 compared to a net gain of 18 million in 2021, and an unrealized loss of 7 million on our Helix contingent value right in 2022 compared to an unrealized gain of 30 million in 2021. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 2022-2021 Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Change Change (Loss) income before income taxes (4,336) 884 (5,220) (590) Provision for income taxes 68 122 (54) (44) Net (loss) income (4,404) 762 (5,166) (678) Effective tax rate (1.6) 13.8 
 
 In 2022, the variance from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 was primarily because of the 822 million tax impact from the impairment of goodwill and the 96 million tax impact from the potential European Commission fine related to the GRAIL acquisition, both of which are nondeductible for tax purposes, the 87 million tax impact of capitalizing research and development expense for tax purposes beginning in 2022, in accordance with the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and the 60 million tax impact of GRAIL pre-acquisition net operating losses on GILTI and the utilization of the U.S. foreign tax credits. The tax expense in 2022 was also favorably impacted by the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, such as in Singapore and the United Kingdom. In 2021, the variance from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 was primarily attributable to the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, such as in Singapore and the United Kingdom. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 At January 1, 2023, we had approximately 2.0 billion in cash and cash equivalents, of which approximately 487 million was held by our foreign subsidiaries. Cash and cash equivalents increased by 779 million from the prior year due to the factors described in the Cash Flow Summary below. Our primary source of liquidity, other than our holdings of cash, cash equivalents, and investments, has been cash flows from operations and, from time to time, issuances of debt. Our ability to generate cash from operations provides us with the financial flexibility we need to meet operating, investing, and financing needs. Historically, we have liquidated our short-term investments and/or issued debt to finance our business needs as a supplement to cash provided by operating activities. As of January 1, 2023, we had 26 million remaining in short-term investments comprised of marketable equity securities. 
 As of January 1, 2023, the fair value of our contingent consideration liability related to our acquisition of GRAIL was 412 million, of which 411 million was included in other long-term liabilities. The contingent value rights issued as part of the acquisition entitle the holders to receive future cash payments on a quarterly basis (Covered Revenue Payments) representing a pro rata portion of certain GRAIL-related revenues (Covered Revenues) each year for a 12- 
 35 

Table of Contents 

year period. This will reflect a 2.5 payment right to the first 1 billion of revenue each year for 12 years. Revenue above 1 billion each year will be subject to a 9 contingent payment right during this same period. We expect Covered Revenues for Q4 2022 to be approximately 23 million and for related Covered Revenue Payments to total approximately 217,000 in Q1 2023. In Q4 2022, we paid 99,000 in Covered Revenue Payments related to Covered Revenues for Q3 2022 of 10 million. 
 
 We grant cash incentive equity awards to GRAIL employees that generally have terms of four years and vest in equal annual installments. As of January 1, 2023, the aggregate cash value of awards outstanding and unvested was 293 million, and we accrued an estimated liability of 36 million, included in accrued liabilities. In addition, we have an outstanding performance-based award for which vesting is based on GRAIL s future revenues. The award has an aggregate potential value of up to 78 million, which is expected to be settled in cash, and expires, to the extent unvested, in August 2030. As of January 1, 2023, it was not probable that the performance conditions associated with the award will be achieved. 
 
 As a result of our decision to proceed with the completion of our acquisition of GRAIL during the pendency of the European Commission s review, the European Commission will likely seek to impose a fine on us. As of January 1, 2023, we accrued 458 million, included in accrued liabilities, representing 10 of our consolidated annual revenues for fiscal year 2022, as further disclosed in note 8 . Legal Proceedings . 
 
 On December 13, 2022, we issued term notes due 2025 with an aggregate principal amount of 500 million and term notes due 2027 with an aggregate principal amount of 500 million. The net proceeds from the issuance were 991 million. The 2025 Term Notes and the 2027 Term Notes accrue interest at a rate of 5.800 and 5.750 per annum, respectively, payable semi-annually in June and December of each year. The 2025 Term Notes mature on December 12, 2025 and the 2027 Term Notes mature on December 13, 2027. 
 
 On March 23, 2021, we issued term notes due 2023 with an aggregate principal amount of 500 million and term notes due 2031 with an aggregate principal amount of 500 million. The net proceeds from the issuance were 992 million. The 2023 Term Notes and the 2031 Term Notes accrue interest at a rate of 0.550 and 2.550 per annum, respectively, payable semi-annually in March and September of each year. The 2023 Term Notes, which are classified as short-term, mature on March 23, 2023 and the 2031 Term Notes mature on March 23, 2031. 
 
 We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the Term Notes, at our option, at any time prior to maturity. 
 
 Our convertible senior notes, with an aggregate principal amount of 750 million, which are due on August 15, 2023 and are classified as short-term, were not convertible as of January 1, 2023. The holders may convert their notes on or after May 15, 2023 until August 11, 2023. 
 
 On January 4, 2023, we entered into a new credit agreement which provides us with a 750 million senior unsecured five-year revolving credit facility, including a 40 million sublimit for swingline borrowings and a 50 million sublimit for letters of credit (the New Credit Facility). The New Credit Facility matures, and all amounts outstanding thereunder become due and payable in full, on January 4, 2028, subject to two one-year extensions at our option, the consent of the extending lenders, and certain other conditions. Concurrently, we terminated our credit agreement dated as of March 8, 2021 and the commitments thereunder, under which we had no outstanding borrowings. 
 
 We had 11 million and up to 88 million, respectively, remaining in our capital commitments to two venture capital investment funds as of January 1, 2023, that are callable through April 2026 and July 2029, respectively. 
 
 The impact of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act resulted in a one-time transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries which we elected to pay in installments. As of January 1, 2023, we owed 74 million, which we expect to pay over the next three years. 
 
 Authorizations to repurchase 15 million of our common stock remained available as of January 1, 2023 under the 750 million share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors on February 5, 2020. The repurchases may be completed under a 10b5-1 plan or at management s discretion. We do not intend to make any share repurchases during fiscal year 2023. 
 
 Our other short-term and long-term material cash requirements, from known contractual obligations as of January 1, 2023, include operating lease liabilities, uncertain tax positions, and amounts due under our executive deferred compensation plan, as discussed in the Consolidated Financial Statements section of this report. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

We anticipate that our current cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, together with cash provided by operating activities and available borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility, are sufficient to fund our near-term capital and operating needs for at least the next 12 months. Operating needs include the planned costs to operate our business, including amounts required to fund working capital and capital expenditures. Our primary short-term needs for capital, which are subject to change, include: 
 
 support of commercialization efforts related to our current and future products; 
 acquisitions of equipment and other fixed assets for use in our current and future manufacturing and research and development facilities; 
 the continued advancement of research and development efforts; 
 potential strategic acquisitions and investments; 
 repayment of debt obligations; and 
 the expansion needs of our facilities, including costs of leasing and building out additional facilities. 
 We expect that our revenue and the resulting operating income, as well as the status of each of our new product development programs, will significantly impact our cash management decisions. 
 
 Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of our available funds will depend on many factors, including: 
 our ability to successfully commercialize and further develop our technologies and create innovative products in our markets; 
 scientific progress in our research and development programs and the magnitude of those programs; 
 competing technological and market developments; and 
 the need to enter into collaborations with other companies or acquire other companies or technologies to enhance or complement our product and service offerings. 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 In millions 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 392 545 1,080 Net cash used in investing activities (591) (1,069) (554) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 1,000 (51) (766) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (22) (3) 8 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 779 (578) (232) 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities in 2022 primarily consisted of net adjustments of 4,592 million and net changes in operating assets and liabilities of 204 million, less net loss of 4,404 million. The primary non-cash adjustments to net loss included goodwill impairment of 3,914 million, depreciation and amortization expenses of 394 million, share-based compensation of 366 million, and net losses on strategic investments of 122 million, partially offset by a gain recorded on our contingent consideration liabilities of 205 million and deferred income taxes of 23 million. Cash flow impact from changes in net operating assets and liabilities were primarily driven by an increase in accrued liabilities, partially offset by an increase in inventory and a decrease in accounts payable. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities in 2021 primarily consisted of net income of 762 million less net adjustments of 65 million and net changes in operating assets and liabilities of 152 million. The primary non-cash adjustments to net income included a gain on our previously held investment in GRAIL of 899 million, a gain on the exchange of GRAIL contingent value rights of 86 million, deferred income taxes of 76 million, a gain on our Helix contingent value right of 30 million, a gain on derivative assets related to a terminated acquisition of 26 million, and net gains on strategic investments of 18 million, partially offset by share-based compensation of 754 million, depreciation and amortization expenses of 251 million, and accretion of debt discount on our convertible senior notes of 32 million. Cash flow impact from changes in net operating assets and liabilities were primarily driven by 
 37 

Table of Contents 

increases in accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, inventory, and other assets, partially offset by increases in accrued liabilities and accounts payable. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 591 million in 2022. We invested 286 million in capital expenditures, primarily associated with our investment in facilities, paid 180 million for an intangible asset related to our settlement with BGI, paid 85 million, net of cash acquired, for an acquisition, and used 40 million for purchases of strategic investments. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 1,069 million in 2021. We paid 2,444 million, net of cash acquired, for acquisitions, invested 208 million in capital expenditures, primarily associated with our investment in facilities, and purchased 77 million of available-for-sale debt securities and 52 million of strategic investments. We received 1,362 million related to maturities and sales of our available-for-sale debt securities, 298 million related to sales of our strategic investments and 52 million from PacBio for repayment of Continuation Advances. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities totaled 1,000 million in 2022. We received 991 million in net proceeds from the issuance of debt and 63 million in proceeds from the sale of shares under our employee stock purchase plan and the issuance of common stock through the exercise of stock options, partially offset by 54 million used to pay taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities totaled 51 million in 2021. We made payments on our convertible senior notes due in 2021 of 517 million and used 511 million to pay taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards, of which 419 million was for taxes paid for the common stock issued related to the GRAIL acquisition. In addition, we paid 71 million related to our contingent consideration liabilities, of which 57 million related to the exchange of GRAIL contingent value rights. We received 988 million in net proceeds from the issuance of debt and 60 million in proceeds from the sale of shares under our employee stock purchase plan and the issuance of common stock through the exercise of stock options. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Management bases its estimates on historical experience, market and other conditions, and various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable. Although these estimates are based on management s best knowledge of current events and actions that may impact us in the future, the estimation process is, by its nature, uncertain given that estimates depend on events over which we may not have control. Though the COVID-19 pandemic, the armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and macroeconomic factors such as inflation, exchange rates and concerns about an economic downturn present additional uncertainty, we continue to use the best information available to inform our critical accounting estimates. If market and other conditions change from those that we anticipate, our consolidated financial statements may be materially affected. In addition, if our assumptions change, we may need to revise our estimates, or take other corrective actions, either of which may also have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We believe that the following critical accounting policies and estimates have a higher degree of inherent uncertainty and require our most significant judgments. In addition, had we used estimates different from any of these, our consolidated financial statements could have been materially different from those presented. Members of our senior management have discussed the development and selection of our critical accounting policies and estimates, and our disclosure regarding them, with the audit committee of our board of directors. Our accounting policies are more fully described in note 1. Organization and Significant Accounting Policies in the Consolidated Financial Statements section of this report. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Our revenue is generated primarily from the sale of products and services. Product revenue primarily consists of sales of instruments and consumables used in genetic analysis. Service and other revenue primarily consists of revenue generated from genotyping and sequencing services, instrument service contracts, development and licensing agreements, and cancer detection testing services related to the GRAIL business. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

We recognize revenue when control of our products and services is transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive from our customers in exchange for those products and services. This process involves identifying the contract with a customer, determining the performance obligations in the contract, determining the contract price, allocating the contract price to the distinct performance obligations in the contract, and recognizing revenue when the performance obligations have been satisfied. Revenue recognition for contracts with multiple deliverables is based on the separate satisfaction of each distinct performance obligation within the contract. A performance obligation is considered distinct from other obligations in a contract when it provides a benefit to the customer either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer and is separately identified in the contract. We consider a performance obligation satisfied once we have transferred control of a good or service to the customer, meaning the customer has the ability to use and obtain the benefit of the good or service. The contract price is allocated to each performance obligation in proportion to its standalone selling price. We determine our best estimate of standalone selling price using average selling prices over a rolling 12-month period coupled with an assessment of current market conditions. If the product or service has no history of sales or if the sales volume is not sufficient, we rely upon prices set by management, adjusted for applicable discounts. 
 
 Revenue from product sales is recognized generally upon delivery to the end customer, which is when control of the product is deemed to be transferred. Invoicing typically occurs upon shipment and payment is typically due within 30 days from invoice. In instances where right of payment or transfer of title is contingent upon the customer s acceptance of the product, revenue is deferred until all acceptance criteria have been met. Revenue from genotyping and sequencing services, including cancer detection testing services related to the GRAIL business, is recognized when earned, which is generally at the time the genotyping or sequencing analysis data is made available to the customer. Revenue from instrument service contracts is recognized as the services are rendered, typically evenly over the contract term. Revenue from development and licensing agreements generally includes upfront and periodic licensing fees, contract research and development services, or payments for development and regulatory milestones. Revenue for these agreements is recognized when each distinct performance obligation is satisfied. 
 
 Revenue is recorded net of discounts, distributor commissions, and sales taxes collected on behalf of governmental authorities. Employee sales commissions are recorded as selling, general and administrative expense when incurred as the amortization period for such costs, if capitalized, would have been one year or less. 
 
 In certain markets, products and services are sold to customers through distributors. In most sales through distributors, the product is delivered directly to customers by us. The terms of sales transactions through distributors are consistent with the terms of direct sales to customers. 
 
 Inventory Valuation 
 
 Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We regularly review inventory for excess and obsolete products and components, taking into account product life cycles, quality issues, historical experience, and usage forecasts. We record write-downs of inventory for potentially excess, obsolete, or impaired goods in order to state inventory at net realizable value. We make assumptions about future demand, market conditions, and the release of new products that may supersede old ones. However, if actual market conditions are less favorable than anticipated, additional inventory write-downs could be required. 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 We are involved in various lawsuits and claims arising in the ordinary course of business, including actions with respect to intellectual property, employment, and contractual matters. In connection with these matters, we assess, on a regular basis, the probability and range of possible loss based on the developments in these matters. A liability is recorded in the consolidated financial statements if it is believed to be probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable and unfavorable resolutions could occur, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. We regularly review outstanding legal matters to determine the adequacy of the liabilities accrued and related disclosures in consideration of many factors, which include, but are not limited to, past history, scientific and other evidence, and the specifics and status of each matter. We may change our estimates if our assessment of the various factors changes and the amount of ultimate loss may differ from our estimates, resulting in a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Under the acquisition method of accounting, we allocate the fair value of the total consideration transferred to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition. The fair values assigned, defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between willing market participants, are based on estimates and assumptions determined by management. These valuations require us to make estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. We record the excess consideration over the aggregate fair value of tangible and intangible assets, net of liabilities assumed, as goodwill. Costs that we incur to complete the business combination, such as legal and other professional fees, are expensed as they are incurred. 
 
 In connection with certain acquisitions, contingent consideration can be earned by the sellers upon completion of certain future performance milestones. In these cases, a liability is recorded on the acquisition date, as a component of accrued liabilities and/or other long-term liabilities, for an estimate of the acquisition-date fair value of the contingent consideration. We generally use a Monte Carlo simulation or an income approach to estimate the fair value of contingent consideration. Estimates and assumptions used in a Monte Carlo simulation include forecasted revenues, a revenue risk premium, a revenue volatility estimate, an operational leverage ratio and a counterparty credit spread. An income approach utilizes inputs such as anticipated future cash flows, risk-free adjusted discount rates, and nonperformance risk, as well as management judgment regarding the probability of achieving certain future milestones. Future changes in our estimates could result in expenses or gains. Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration subsequent to the acquisition date are recognized in selling, general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 We typically use the discounted cash flow method to value our acquired intangible assets. This method requires management judgment to forecast future operating results and establish residual growth rates and discount factors. The estimates we use to value and amortize intangible assets are consistent with the plans and estimates that we use to manage our business and are based on available historical information and industry estimates and averages. If the subsequent actual results and updated projections of the underlying business activity change compared with the assumptions and projections used to develop these values, we could experience impairment charges. In addition, we have estimated the economic lives of certain acquired assets and these lives are used to calculate depreciation and amortization expense. If our estimates of the economic lives change, depreciation or amortization expense could be accelerated or extended. We capitalize in-process research and development (IPR D), which is considered indefinite lived until the completion or abandonment of the associated research and development efforts. Upon reaching the end of the relevant research and development project (i.e., upon commercialization), the IPR D asset is amortized over its estimated useful life. If the relevant research and development project is abandoned, the IPR D asset is expensed in the period of abandonment. 
 
 If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of a reporting period that falls within the measurement period (not to exceed a year from the date of acquisition), we report provisional amounts in our financial statements. During the measurement period, we adjust the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. We record these adjustments to the provisional amounts with a corresponding offset to goodwill. Any adjustments identified after the measurement period are recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets with Indefinite Lives Impairment Assessment 
 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives (i.e., IPR D) are not amortized, however they are tested annually for impairment, in the second quarter of our fiscal year, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying value. Events that would indicate impairment and trigger an interim impairment test include, but are not limited to, current economic and market conditions, including a decline in market capitalization, a significant adverse change in legal factors, business climate or operational performance of the business, and an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. 
 
 We perform our goodwill impairment analysis at the reporting unit level, which aligns with our reporting structure and availability of discrete financial information. During the goodwill impairment review, we assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair values of our reporting units are less than the carrying amounts, including goodwill. The qualitative factors include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, and our overall financial performance. If, after assessing the totality of these qualitative factors, we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair values of our reporting units are less than the carrying amounts, then no additional assessment is deemed necessary. Otherwise, we proceed to compare the estimated fair values of the reporting units with the carrying values, including goodwill. If the carrying amounts of the 
 40 

Table of Contents 

reporting units exceed the fair values, we record an impairment loss based on the difference. If a quantitative assessment is performed, the evaluation includes management estimates of cash flow projections based on internal future projections and/or use of a market approach by looking at market values of comparable companies. Key assumptions include, but are not limited to, future revenue growth, operating margins, capital expenditures, terminal growth rates and discount rates. We also consider our market capitalization as a part of our analysis. We may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment in a period and proceed to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. 
 
 Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets Impairment Assessment 
 
 We perform regular reviews to determine if any event has occurred that may indicate that the carrying values of our intangible assets with finite lives and other long-lived assets are impaired. If indicators of impairment exist, we assess the recoverability of the affected assets by determining whether their carrying amounts exceed their undiscounted expected future cash flows. If the affected assets are not recoverable, we estimate the fair value of the assets and record an impairment loss if the carrying value exceeds the fair value. Factors that may indicate potential impairment include a significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization compared to net book value, significant changes in the ability of an asset to generate positive cash flows and the pattern of utilization of a particular asset. 
 
 In order to estimate the fair values of identifiable intangible assets with finite lives and other long-lived assets, we estimate the present value of future cash flows from those assets. The key assumptions that we use in our cash flow model are the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the asset over an extended period of time and a rate of return that considers the relative risk of achieving the cash flows, the time value of money, and other factors that a willing market participant would consider. Management judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. 
 
 Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective. They can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. For example, if our future operating results do not meet current forecasts or if we experience a sustained decline in our market capitalization that is determined to be indicative of a reduction in fair value of our reporting units, we may be required to record future impairment charges for purchased intangible assets with finite lives. Impairment charges could materially decrease our future results of operations and result in lower asset values on our balance sheet. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 
 We measure and recognize compensation expense for all share-based payments based on estimated fair value. Share-based compensation expense is recognized based on the fair value on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards. The fair value of our restricted stock and performance stock units is based on the market price of our common stock on the date of grant. The determination of the amount of share-based compensation expense for our performance stock units requires the use of certain estimates and assumptions that affect the amount of share-based compensation expense recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. At each reported period, we reassess the probability of the achievement of corporate performance goals to estimate the amount of shares to be released. Any increase or decrease in share-based compensation expense resulting from an adjustment in the estimated shares to be released is treated as a cumulative catch-up in the period of adjustment. If any of the assumptions or estimates used change significantly, share-based compensation expense may differ materially from what we have recorded in the current period. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect our best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. Judgments and estimates based on interpretations of existing tax laws or regulations in the United States and the numerous foreign jurisdictions where we are subject to income tax are required in determining our provision for income taxes. Changes in tax laws, statutory tax rates, and estimates of our future taxable income could impact the deferred tax assets and liabilities provided for in the consolidated financial statements and would require an adjustment to the provision for income taxes. 
 
 Deferred tax assets are regularly assessed to determine the likelihood they will be recovered from future taxable income. A valuation allowance is established when we believe it is more likely than not the future realization of all or some of a deferred tax asset will not be achieved. In evaluating our ability to recover deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative evidence. Factors reviewed include the cumulative pre-tax book income for the past three years, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, our history of 
 41 

Table of Contents 

earnings and reliability of our forecasts, projections of pre-tax book income over the foreseeable future, and the impact of any feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. 
 
 We recognize the impact of a tax position in our consolidated financial statements only if that position is more likely than not of being sustained upon examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. Tax authorities regularly examine our returns in the jurisdictions in which we do business and we regularly assess the tax risk of our return filing positions. Due to the complexity of some of the uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in payments that are materially different from our current estimate of the tax liability. These differences, as well as any interest and penalties, will be reflected in the provision for income taxes in the period in which they are determined. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our current investment policy with respect to our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments focuses on maintaining acceptable levels of interest rate risk and liquidity. To achieve these objectives, our policy allows us to maintain a portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term investments in a variety of securities, including money market funds, U.S. Treasury debt and corporate debt securities. Our policy also limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer and type of instrument. Under our current policies, we do not use interest rate derivative instruments to manage exposure to interest rate changes. As of January 1, 2023, our cash equivalents consisted primarily of U.S. government money market funds that invest in very liquid investments, namely, cash, government securities and purchase agreements that are collateralized fully with government securities. U.S. government money market funds provide same day liquidity and have a net asset value of 1.00. We have historically maintained a relatively short average maturity for our investment portfolio, and we believe a hypothetical 100 basis point adverse move in interest rates along the entire interest rate yield curve would not materially affect the fair value of our interest-sensitive financial instruments. We held no debt securities as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 In March 2021, we issued 500 million of 0.550 notes due 2023 and 500 million of 2.550 notes due 2031. In December 2022, we issued 500 million of 5.800 notes due 2025 and 500 million of 5.750 notes due 2027. We carry the notes at the principal amount, less unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, on our consolidated balance sheets. Because the notes have fixed annual interest rates, we do not have any economic interest rate exposure or financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates. The fair value of the notes, however, may fluctuate when interest rates change. See note 5. Debt and Other Commitments for more information. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 We conduct a portion of our business in currencies other than our U.S. dollar functional currency. These transactions give rise to cash flows and monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar; the value of these amounts are exposed to changes in currency exchange rates from the time the transactions are forecasted or originated until the time the cash settlement is converted into U.S. dollars. Our foreign currency exposures are primarily concentrated in the euro, Japanese yen, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, Singapore dollar, Chinese Yuan Renminbi, and British pound. We use forward exchange contracts to manage these foreign currency risks and to hedge portions of our foreign currency exposure associated with forecasted revenue transactions. We only use derivative financial instruments to reduce foreign currency exchange rate risks; we do not hold any derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The counterparties to these forward exchange contracts expose us to credit-related risks in the event of their non-performance. We mitigate this risk by actively monitoring credit ratings and only selecting major financial institutions as counterparties. Additionally, our risk of credit-related loss is limited to the fair value of these financial contracts, which were not material to our financial position. 
 
 Our forward exchange contracts used to manage foreign currency risks related to monetary assets and liabilities have terms of one month or less. Realized and unrealized gains or losses on the fair value of these financial contracts are included in the determination of net income (loss), as they have not been designated for hedge accounting. These contracts, which settle monthly, effectively fix the exchange rate at which these specific monetary assets and liabilities will be settled, so that gains or losses on the forward contracts offset the gains or losses from changes in the value of the underlying monetary assets and liabilities. As of January 1, 2023, the total notional amounts of outstanding forward contracts in place for these foreign currency purchases was 485 million. Our forward exchange contracts used to hedge portions of our foreign currency exposure associated with forecasted revenue transactions have terms of up to 24 months. These derivative financial instruments are designated as cash flow hedges. Gains and losses on these financial contracts, which settle monthly, are generally recorded to revenue in the same period the underlying hedged transactions are recorded. As of January 1, 2023, the total notional amounts of outstanding forward contracts in place for these foreign currency purchases was 425 million. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 For a summary of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our consolidated financial statements see note 1. Organization and Significant Accounting Policies within the Consolidated Financial Statements section of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 45 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 52 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 53 
 1. Organization and Significant Accounting Policies 
 53 
 2. Revenue 
 62 
 3. Investments and Fair Value Measurements 
 63 
 4. Acquisitions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 66 
 5. Debt and Other Commitments 
 71 
 6. Stockholders Equity 
 75 
 7. Supplemental Balance Sheet and Statement of Operations Details 
 79 
 8. Legal Proceedings 
 81 
 9. Income Taxes 
 84 
 10. Employee Benefit Plans 
 87 
 11. Segments and Geographic Data 
 88 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Illumina, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Illumina, Inc. (the Company) as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 1, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 1, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Adoption of ASU No. 2020-06 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for convertible debt instruments as a result of the adoption of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40), effective January 3, 2022. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

45 

Table of Contents 

Interim goodwill impairment assessment of GRAIL reporting unit 
 Description of the Matter The Company tests goodwill for impairment annually, as of May, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The Company identified certain triggering events that occurred in the three months ended October 2, 2022 that required an interim goodwill impairment test. Reporting units are tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. As discussed in Note 4 to the financial statements, as a result of the interim impairment assessment, the Company recorded an impairment loss of 3.9 billion related to the GRAIL reporting unit. The carrying value of goodwill as of January 1, 2023 was 3.2 billion, of which 2.2 billion related to the GRAIL reporting unit. 
 
 Auditing the Company s goodwill impairment assessment was complex due to the significant estimation uncertainty in determining the fair value of the GRAIL reporting segment. Management used a combination of income- and market-based approaches to estimate the fair value of the GRAIL reporting unit. A significant emphasis is placed on the appropriateness of the estimate considerations used by management to determine the fair value of the GRAIL reporting unit due to sensitivity of the fair value to the underlying assumptions. The significant assumptions include forecasted revenues for GRAIL and the discount rate used to discount future cash flows. These significant assumptions related to the fair value of the GRAIL reporting unit are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company's process for determining the fair value of the GRAIL reporting unit used in the goodwill impairment assessment. This included controls over management s development of the above-described assumptions used in the valuation model applied. 
 
 In testing the valuation of the GRAIL reporting unit, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the Company s use of the income- and market-based approaches and testing the significant assumptions used in the model, as described above. We evaluated the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in supporting the assumptions and estimates. We evaluated the reasonableness of projected revenue growth used within the valuations against analyst expectations, industry trends, market trends, and other market information. In addition, we involved valuation specialists to assist in evaluating the Company s selection of the discount rate by comparing it against a discount rate range that was independently developed using publicly available market data for comparable entities. 
 GRAIL contingent consideration 
 Description of the Matter In connection with the August 18, 2021 acquisition of GRAIL, the Company recognized a contingent consideration liability at the estimated fair value on the acquisition date. The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of the contingent consideration liability each reporting period. As disclosed in Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements, the fair value of the contingent consideration liability as of January 1, 2023 is 412 million. The Company recognized a 203 million gain in the current year as a result of the change in the fair value of the contingent consideration liability. 
 
 Auditing the valuation of the contingent consideration liability was complex and required significant auditor judgment due to the high degree of subjectivity in evaluating significant assumptions. The significant assumptions to the model include forecasted revenues for GRAIL and the discount rate based on the estimated timing of payments. These assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company's process for determining the fair value of the contingent consideration liability related to the GRAIL acquisition. This included controls over management s development of the above-described assumptions used in the valuation model applied. 
 
 In testing the valuation of the contingent consideration liability, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the Company s use of the Monte Carlo simulation model and testing the significant assumptions used in the model, as described above. We evaluated the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in supporting the assumptions and estimates. We evaluated the reasonableness of projected revenue growth used within the valuations against analyst expectations, industry trends, market trends, and other market information. In addition, we involved valuation specialists to assist in evaluating the methodology used to calculate the fair value of the contingent consideration liability as well as the Company s selection of the discount rate. Our valuation specialists evaluated the discount rate by comparing it against a discount rate range that was independently developed using publicly available market data for comparable entities. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2000. 

February 17, 2023 
 47 

Table of Contents 

ILLUMINA, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except par value) 
 January 1, 2023 January 2, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventory, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Term notes, current portion Convertible senior notes, current portion Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Term notes Convertible senior notes Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, million shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 
 Common stock, par value, million shares authorized; million shares issued and million outstanding at January 1, 2023; million shares issued and million outstanding at January 2, 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Retained earnings Treasury stock, million shares at both January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

ILLUMINA, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 
 Years Ended January 1, 2023 January 2, 2022 January 3, 2021 Revenue: Product revenue Service and other revenue Total revenue Cost of revenue: Cost of product revenue Cost of service and other revenue Amortization of acquired intangible assets Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expense: Research and development Selling, general and administrative Legal contingency and settlement Goodwill impairment Total operating expense (Loss) income from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) Total other (expense) income, net ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) Provision for income taxes Net (loss) income ) (Loss) earnings per share: Basic ) Diluted ) Shares used in computing (loss) earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

ILLUMINA, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In millions) 
 
 Years Ended January 1, 2023 January 2, 2022 January 3, 2021 Net (loss) income ) Unrealized loss on available-for-sale debt securities, net of deferred tax ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on cash flow hedges, net of deferred tax ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

ILLUMINA, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In millions) 
 Additional Accumulated Other Total Common Stock Paid-In Comprehensive Retained Treasury Stock Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Income Earnings Shares Amount Equity Balance as of December 29, 2019 ) ) Net income Unrealized loss on available-for-sale debt securities, net of deferred tax ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of repurchases ) ) ) Share-based compensation Balance as of January 3, 2021 ) ) Net income Unrealized loss on available-for-sale debt securities, net of deferred tax ) ) Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges, net of deferred tax Issuance of common stock, net of repurchases ) ) ) GRAIL acquisition Exchange of GRAIL contingent value rights Share-based compensation Balance as of January 2, 2022 ) ) Net loss ) ) Unrealized loss on cash flow hedges, net of deferred tax ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of repurchases ) Share-based compensation Cumulative-effect adjustment from adoption of ASU 2020-06, net of deferred tax ) ) Balance as of January 1, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

ILLUMINA, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In millions) Years Ended January 1, 2023 January 2, 2022 January 3, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation expense Amortization of intangible assets Share-based compensation expense Accretion of debt discount on convertible senior notes Deferred income taxes ) ) Goodwill impairment Gain on previously held investment in GRAIL ) Gain on exchange of GRAIL contingent value rights ) Net losses (gains) on strategic investments ) ) Loss (gain) on Helix contingent value right ) ) (Gain) loss on derivative assets related to terminated acquisition ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities ) Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities, net ) ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Other long-term liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Maturities of available-for-sale securities Purchases of available-for-sale securities ) ) Sales of available-for-sale securities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Net (purchases) sales of strategic investments ) ) Cash received (paid for) derivative assets related to terminated acquisition ) Net cash paid for acquisitions ) ) ) Cash paid for intangible asset ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments on convertible senior notes ) Payments on contingent consideration liabilities ) Net proceeds from issuance of debt Common stock repurchases ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for operating lease liabilities 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this report to Illumina, the Company, we, us, and our refer to Illumina, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Variable Interest Entities (VIEs) 

Use of Estimates 

Fiscal Year 

53 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Concentrations of Risk 
 
 , , and of total revenue in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Customers outside the United States represented and of our gross trade accounts receivable balance as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, respectively. 
 
 We had no customers that provided more than 10 of total revenue in 2022, 2021, and 2020. We perform regular reviews of customer activity and associated credit risks and do not require collateral or enter into netting arrangements. Historically, we have not experienced significant credit losses from accounts receivable. 
 
 Financial Instruments 
 
 We are also subject to risks related to our financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, investments, and accounts receivable. Most of our cash and cash equivalents as of January 1, 2023 were deposited with U.S. financial institutions, either domestically or with their foreign branches. Our investment policy restricts the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer to of the portfolio or of the total issue size outstanding at the time of purchase and to any one industry sector, as defined by Clearwater Analytics (Industry Sector Report), to of the portfolio at the time of purchase. There is no limit to the percentage of the portfolio that may be maintained in debt securities, U.S. government-sponsored entities, U.S. Treasury securities, and money market funds. Historically, we have not experienced significant credit losses from financial instruments. 
 
 Suppliers 
 
 We require customized products and components that currently are available from a limited number of sources. We source certain key products and components included in our products from single vendors. Historically, we have not experienced significant issues sourcing materials to build our products. 
 
 Segments 

54 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively, and decreased our deferred tax liabilities, included in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, and additional paid-in capital by million and million, respectively. Interest expense recognized post-adoption has decreased as a result of accounting for our convertible senior notes as a single liability measured at amortized cost. See note 5. Debt and Other Commitments for additional details on the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 
 
 Accounting Pronouncements Adopted in 2020 
 
 In May 2020, the SEC issued Final Rule Release No. 33-10786, Amendments to Financial Disclosures about Acquired and Disposed Businesses , which amends the disclosure requirements applicable to acquisitions and dispositions of businesses, including the required pro forma financial information. Among other changes, the final amendments revised the investment and income tests used to determine whether a business acquisition is significant and reduced the filing requirements for financial statements and pro forma financial information of a significant acquired business to cover a maximum of two years. We adopted the amendments in 2020 in connection with our acquisition of GRAIL, which is further described in note 4. Acquisitions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets . 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , which amends the impairment model by requiring entities to use a forward-looking approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments, including trade receivables and available-for-sale debt securities. We adopted the standard on its effective date in the first quarter of 2020 using a modified retrospective approach. The cumulative effect of applying the new credit loss standard was not material and, therefore, did not result in an adjustment to retained earnings. There was no material difference to the consolidated financial statements in 2020 due to the adoption of ASU 2016-13. 
 
 In accordance with ASU 2016-13, a company no longer evaluates whether available-for-sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position are other than temporarily impaired. Instead, a company assesses whether such unrealized loss positions are credit-related. The credit-related portion of unrealized losses, and any subsequent improvements, are recorded in interest income through an allowance account. Unrealized gains and losses that are not credit-related are included in accumulated other comprehensive income. We estimate our allowance for credit losses on our trade receivables as described in our Accounts Receivable policy, below. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 

55 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 days from invoice. In instances where right of payment or transfer of title is contingent upon the customer s acceptance of the product, revenue is deferred until all acceptance criteria have been met. Revenue from genotyping and sequencing services, including cancer detection testing services related to the GRAIL business, is recognized when earned, which is generally at the time the genotyping or sequencing analysis data is made available to the customer. Revenue from instrument service contracts is recognized as the services are rendered, typically evenly over the contract term. Revenue from development and licensing agreements generally includes upfront and periodic licensing fees, contract research and development services, or payments for development and regulatory milestones. Revenue for these agreements is recognized when each distinct performance obligation is satisfied. 
 
 Revenue is recorded net of discounts, distributor commissions, and sales taxes collected on behalf of governmental authorities. Employee sales commissions are recorded as selling, general and administrative expense when incurred as the amortization period for such costs, if capitalized, would have been one year or less. 

Earnings (Loss) per Share 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Effect of potentially dilutive common shares from: Equity awards Weighted average shares used in calculating diluted earnings (loss) per share Antidilutive shares: Convertible senior notes Equity awards Potentially dilutive shares excluded from calculation due to antidilutive effect 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 

Cash Equivalents and Debt Securities 
 
 We have historically held and, from time to time, may hold debt securities in U.S. government-sponsored entities, corporate debt securities, and U.S. Treasury securities. In 2021, we sold all of our available-for-sale debt securities in order to fund the GRAIL acquisition, and we did not hold any debt securities in 2022. We have the ability, if necessary, to liquidate such short-term debt securities to meet our liquidity needs. Accordingly, investments with contractual maturities greater than one year from the date of purchase are classified as short-term investments in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Accounts Receivable 

Inventory 

Property and Equipment 

to years 
 Machinery and equipment to years 
 Computer hardware and software to years 
 Furniture and fixtures years 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million square feet of office, lab, manufacturing, and distribution facilities under various non-cancellable operating lease agreements (real estate leases). Our real estate leases have remaining lease terms of approximately year to years, which represent the non-cancellable periods of the leases and include extension options that we determined are reasonably certain to be exercised. We exclude extension options that are not reasonably certain to be exercised from our lease terms, ranging from approximately years to years. Our lease payments consist primarily of fixed rental payments for the right to use the underlying leased assets over the lease terms, as well as payments for common-area-maintenance and administrative services. We often receive customary incentives from our landlords, such as reimbursements for tenant improvements and rent abatement periods, which effectively reduce the total lease payments owed for these leases. Leases are classified as operating or financing at commencement. We do not have any material financing leases. 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets represent the present value of our remaining lease payments over the remaining lease terms. We do not allocate lease payments to non-lease components; therefore, fixed payments for common-area-maintenance and administrative services are included in our operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities. We use our incremental borrowing rate to calculate the present value of our lease payments, as the implicit rates in our leases are not readily determinable. Operating lease costs consist primarily of the fixed lease payments included in our operating lease liabilities and are recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. We sublease certain real estate to third parties and this sublease income is also recorded on a straight-line basis. 
 
 Business Combinations 

Goodwill, Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets 

59 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Derivative Financial Instruments 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 months and are designated as cash flow hedges. Changes in fair value of our cash flow hedges are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income and are reclassified to revenue in the same period the underlying hedged transactions are recorded. We regularly review the effectiveness of our cash flow hedges and consider them to be ineffective if it becomes probable that the forecasted transactions will not occur in the identified period. Changes in fair value of the ineffective portions of our cash flow hedges, if any, are recognized in other (expense) income, net. As of January 1, 2023, we had foreign currency forward contracts in place to hedge exposures associated with forecasted revenue transactions denominated in the euro, Japanese yen, Australian dollar, and Canadian dollar. As of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, the total notional amounts of outstanding cash flow hedge contracts in place for these foreign currency purchases were million and million, respectively. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million to revenue in 2022 and 2021, respectively. amounts were reclassified to revenue in 2020. As of January 1, 2023, the fair value of the foreign currency forward contracts recorded in total assets and in total liabilities was million and million, respectively. As of January 2, 2022, the fair value of foreign currency forward contracts recorded in total assets was million. The estimated net gains reported in accumulated other comprehensive income that are expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months are million as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 Warranties 
 
 warranty on instruments. Additionally, we provide a warranty on consumables through the expiration date, which generally ranges from six to after the manufacture date. At the time revenue is recognized, an accrual is established for estimated warranty expenses based on historical experience as well as anticipated product performance. We periodically review the warranty reserve for adequacy and adjust the warranty accrual, if necessary, based on actual experience and estimated costs to be incurred. Warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of product revenue. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 
 given that we have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying such cash dividends. The risk-free interest rate is based upon U.S. Treasury securities with remaining terms similar to the expected term of the share-based awards. 

Shipping and Handling Expenses 

61 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Advertising Costs 
 
 Advertising costs were million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Income Taxes 

Instruments Total product revenue Service and other revenue Total revenue 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Europe, Middle East, and Africa Greater China (2) 
 Asia-Pacific Total revenue 
 _____________ 
 (1) Revenue for the Americas region included United States revenue of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Region includes revenue from China, Taiwan, and Hong Kong. 
 
 Performance Obligations 
 
 We regularly enter into contracts with multiple performance obligations. These contracts are believed to be firm as of the balance sheet date. However, we may allow customers to make product substitutions as we launch new products. The timing of shipments depends on several factors, including agreed upon shipping schedules, which may span multiple quarters. Most performance obligations are generally satisfied within a short time frame, approximately three to , after the contract execution date. As of January 1, 2023, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was million, of which approximately is expected to be converted to revenue in 2023, approximately in the following , and the remainder thereafter. 
 
 Contract Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Contract assets, which consist of revenue recognized and performance obligations satisfied or partially satisfied in advance of customer billing, as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 were million and million, respectively, all of which were short-term and recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets. 
 
 million and million, respectively, of which the short-term portions of million and million, respectively, were recorded in accrued liabilities and the remaining long-term portions were recorded in other long-term liabilities. Revenue recorded in 2022 included million of previously deferred revenue that was included in contract liabilities as of January 2, 2022. 

million and million, respectively. ) Less: Net losses recognized during the period on marketable equity securities sold during the period Net unrealized (losses) gains recognized during the period on marketable equity securities still held at the reporting date ) 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively. 
 
 Revenue recognized from transactions with our strategic investees was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Venture Funds 
 
 We invest in venture capital investment funds (the Funds) with capital commitments of million, callable through April 2026, and up to million, callable through July 2029, respectively, of which million and up to million, respectively, remained callable as of January 1, 2023. Our investments in the Funds are accounted for as equity-method investments. The aggregate carrying amounts of the Funds, included in other assets, were million and million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, respectively. We recorded a net unrealized loss of million in 2022, and net unrealized gains of million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, in other (expense) income, net. 
 
 Helix Contingent Value Right 
 
 In conjunction with the deconsolidation of Helix Holdings I, LLC (Helix) in April 2019, we received a contingent value right with a -year term that entitles us to consideration dependent upon the outcome of Helix s future financing and/or liquidity events. Changes in the fair value of our contingent value right resulted in an unrealized loss of million in 2022 and unrealized gains of million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, included in other (expense) income, net. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Marketable equity securities Helix contingent value right Deferred compensation plan assets Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities: Contingent consideration liabilities Deferred compensation plan liability Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 Our marketable equity securities are measured at fair value based on quoted trade prices in active markets. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 -year period. As defined in the Contingent Value Rights Agreement , this will reflect a payment right to the first billion of revenue each year for years. Revenue above billion each year will be subject to a contingent payment right during this same period. Covered Revenues for Q4 2021, Q1 2022, Q2 2022, and Q3 2022 were million in aggregate, driven primarily by sales of GRAIL s Galleri test. The aggregate Covered Revenue Payments relating to such periods were approximately in 2022; however, pursuant to the Contingent Value Rights Agreement, a portion of the Covered Revenue Payments were applied to reimburse us for certain expenses. 
 We use a Monte Carlo simulation to estimate the fair value of contingent consideration related to the GRAIL acquisition. Estimates and assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation include forecasted revenues for GRAIL, a revenue risk premium, a revenue volatility estimate, an operational leverage ratio and a counterparty credit spread. These unobservable inputs represent a Level 3 measurement because they are supported by little or no market activity and reflect our own assumptions in measuring fair value. The fair value of our contingent consideration liability related to the GRAIL acquisition was million and million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, was included in other long-term liabilities, with the remaining balances included in accrued liabilities. 
 
 Acquisition of GRAIL Other acquisition Measurement period adjustment ) Cash payments ) Exchange of GRAIL contingent value rights ) Change in estimated fair value Balance as of January 2, 2022 Acquisition Change in estimated fair value ) Balance as of January 1, 2023 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million as a result of revised future cash flow estimates. The measurement period adjustment would have resulted in an increase of million to the gain recorded in Q3 2021 for the change in the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration liability. The measurement period adjustment was recorded in our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 2021 and was made to reflect facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. 
 
 million as a result of an acquisition completed in Q2 2021. The acquisition-date fair value of the contingent consideration was derived using the income approach. Assumptions used to estimate the liability included the probability of achieving certain milestones and a discount rate. These unobservable inputs represented a Level 3 measurement because they were supported by little or no market activity and reflected our own assumptions in measuring fair value. We recorded an expense of million in selling, general and administrative expense in 2021 due to the change in estimated fair value of the contingent consideration and made a payment of million in Q4 2021 upon achievement of the milestones. 

million common shares as part of the consideration. 
 
 GRAIL is a separate reportable segment. See note 11. Segment and Geographic Data for more information. We have included the financial results of GRAIL in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
 
 In Q4 2021, we recorded a measurement period adjustment related to the valuations of contingent consideration and our previously held investment in GRAIL that reduced the acquisition-date fair value of each by million and million, respectively, and reduced the acquisition-date fair value of goodwill by million. 
 
 Fair value of common stock issued Fair value of contingent consideration Fair value of previously held investment Settlement of preexisting relationships Total purchase price 
 
 The contingent consideration relates to the GRAIL stockholders who elected to receive contingent value rights as part of the acquisition (the Contingent Value Rights Agreement ). The contingent value rights entitle the holders to receive future cash payments representing a pro rata portion of certain GRAIL-related revenues each year for a -year period starting at the acquisition date. This will reflect a payment right to the first billion of revenue each year for years. Revenue above billion each year will be subject to a contingent payment right during this same period. The acquisition-date fair value of the contingent consideration was measured using a Monte Carlo simulation. Estimates and assumptions used in the fair value assessment included forecasted revenues for GRAIL, a revenue risk premium, a revenue volatility estimate, an operational leverage ratio and a counterparty credit spread. In December 2021, we exchanged approximately million contingent value rights, that were issued as part of the acquisition, for an aggregate cash payment of million and the issuance of million in shares of our common stock. As a result of the exchange, we recognized a gain of million in other (expense) income, net in 2021, which 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and the total consideration transferred of million. 
 
 Prior to the acquisition, we owned a interest in GRAIL. Authoritative guidance on accounting for business combinations requires that an acquirer remeasure its previously held equity investment in the acquiree at its acquisition-date fair value and recognize the resulting gain or loss in earnings. We remeasured our previously held equity investment to its fair value, as of the date of acquisition, based on the fair value of total consideration transferred and a discount for lack of control. Estimates and assumptions used in the remeasurement represent a Level 3 measurement because they are supported by little or no market activity and reflect our own assumptions in measuring the fair value. As a result of the remeasurement, we valued our previously held equity investment in GRAIL at billion and recognized a gain of million, included in other (expense) income, net, in 2021. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition, we accelerated the vesting of certain outstanding and unvested equity awards of GRAIL employees. Approximately million was included in the purchase price related to the fair value of accelerated equity awards attributable to the pre-combination period, with the fair value attributable to the post-combination period of million included in share-based compensation expense in 2021. In addition, we issued Illumina equity awards to GRAIL employees in exchange for any of their remaining outstanding and unvested GRAIL equity awards (the replacement awards at acquisition. The replacement awards consist of restricted stock units and performance stock options. The terms of the replacement awards are substantially similar to the former GRAIL equity awards for which they were exchanged. The fair value of the replacement awards was million, all of which is attributable to post-combination service, and will be recognized as share-based compensation expense over the remaining vesting period subsequent to the acquisition. The weighted-average acquisition-date fair value of the replacement performance stock options was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: (i) market price of per share, which was the closing price of Illumina s common stock on the acquisition date; (ii) weighted average expected term ranging from years to years; (iii) weighted-average risk-free interest rate ranging from to ; (iv) weighted average annualized volatility ranging from to ; and (v) dividend yield. The weighted-average acquisition-date fair value per share of the replaced performance stock options was . Refer to note 6. Stockholders Equity for more information. 
 
 We finalized the allocation of the purchase price in August 2022. 
 Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets ) Other current and noncurrent assets Deferred tax liability ) ) Long-term lease liabilities ) ) Other current and noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) Total net assets acquired ) 
 
 We recorded a measurement period adjustment in Q3 2022 to decrease goodwill and increase deferred tax assets by million, as a result of finalizing GRAIL s U.S. tax returns. In Q4 2021, we recorded measurement period adjustments to decrease intangible assets, specifically, developed technology, as a result of revised future cash flow estimates and to decrease deferred tax liability as a result of changes in net operating loss estimates from the initial purchase price allocation. These measurement period adjustments were made to reflect facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. The measurement period adjustment related to the developed technology intangible asset would have resulted in an insignificant decrease in amortization expense recorded in Q3 2021. The measurement period adjustments have been and were recorded in our consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 2022 and 2021, as appropriate. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Trade name In-process research and development (IPR D) Indefinite Total intangible assets 
 
 The fair values of the developed technology, trade name and IPR D were estimated using an income approach. Under the income approach, an intangible asset s fair value is equal to the present value of future economic benefits to be derived from ownership of the asset. The estimated fair values were developed by discounting future net cash flows to their present value at market-based rates of return and inclusive of an assumption for technology obsolescence. The useful lives of the intangible assets for amortization purposes were determined by considering the period of expected cash flows used to measure the fair values of the intangible assets adjusted as appropriate for entity-specific factors including legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic and other factors that may limit the useful life. The developed technology and trade name assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. As of January 1, 2023, the research and development project had not been completed or abandoned and, therefore, the IPR D intangible asset is not currently subject to amortization. 
 
 The transaction costs associated with the acquisition of GRAIL, excluding any Continuation Payments paid to GRAIL prior to the close of the acquisition, consisted primarily of legal, regulatory and financial advisory fees of approximately million, which were expensed as incurred as selling, general and administrative expense in 2021. 
 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 
 
 Net income 
 
 The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for information purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed at the beginning of our fiscal year 2020. In addition, the unaudited pro forma financial information is not a projection of future results of operations of the combined company nor does it reflect the expected realization of any synergies or cost savings associated with the acquisition. The unaudited pro forma financial information includes adjustments to reflect the elimination of intercompany transactions, incremental amortization and depreciation expense of the identifiable intangible assets and property and equipment acquired, respectively, the additional interest expense associated with the issuance of debt to finance the acquisition, and share-based compensation expense. 
 
 Prior to the acquisition, we were required to make monthly cash payments to GRAIL of million (the Continuation Payments) through the earlier of the consummation of the acquisition or termination of the GRAIL Merger Agreement, subject to certain exceptions. We made Continuation Payments to GRAIL totaling million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, which were recorded as selling, general and administrative expense. Subsequent to the acquisition, we did not make any additional Continuation Payments. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Acquisitions Measurement period adjustments Balance as of January 2, 2022 Impairment ) Acquisition Measurement period adjustments ) Balance as of January 1, 2023 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 We test goodwill for impairment annually, as of May, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. We performed our annual impairment test in Q2 2022, as of May 2022. We performed a qualitative assessment for the Core Illumina reporting unit, noting no impairment. For the GRAIL reporting unit, we performed a quantitative assessment and determined a fair value for the reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model, which included assumptions for projected cash flows and a discount rate of . The selected discount rate was determined using a weighted average cost of capital for risk factors specific to GRAIL and other market and industry data. The estimates and assumptions used represent a Level 3 measurement because they are supported by little or no market activity and reflect our own assumptions in measuring fair value. Based on the quantitative test performed, the fair value of the GRAIL reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by million and goodwill impairment was recorded in Q2 2022. 
 On July 13, 2022, the EU General Court ruled that the European Commission has jurisdiction under the EU Merger Regulation to review our acquisition of GRAIL. Additionally, on September 6, 2022, the European Commission issued its decision prohibiting the acquisition. Refer to note 8. Legal Proceedings for additional details. These decisions, along with a continued and significant decrease in the Company s stock price and market capitalization, led us to believe that a triggering event occurred and that an interim goodwill and intangible asset impairment test was required in Q3 2022. 
 
 Based on our interim analysis, we concluded that our GRAIL reporting unit s carrying value exceeded its estimated fair value. As a result, we recorded million of goodwill impairment related to our GRAIL reporting unit in Q3 2022, primarily due to the negative impact of current capital market conditions and a higher discount rate selected for the fair value calculation of the GRAIL reporting unit. No impairment was recorded for our Core Illumina reporting unit, noting its fair value exceeded its carrying value by more than billion. 
 We performed our interim goodwill impairment test using a combination of both an income and a market approach to determine the fair value of each reporting unit. The income approach utilized the estimated discounted cash flows for each reporting unit while the market approach utilized comparable company information. Estimates and assumptions used in the income approach included projected cash flows for both the GRAIL and Core Illumina reporting units and a discount rate for each reporting unit. Discount rates were determined using a weighted average cost of capital for risk factors specific to each reporting unit and other market and industry data. For the GRAIL reporting unit, the discount rate selected was . The estimates and assumptions used in our assessment represent a Level 3 measurement because they are supported by little or no market activity and reflect our own assumptions in measuring fair value. The assumptions used in our impairment analysis are inherently subject to uncertainty and we note that small changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the concluded value. In order to further validate the reasonableness of the fair values concluded for our reporting units, a reconciliation to market capitalization was performed by estimating a reasonable implied control premium and other market factors. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million. 
 In conjunction with the interim goodwill impairment test in Q3 2022, we also evaluated the IPR D intangible asset, assigned to the GRAIL reporting unit, for potential impairment. We performed our interim impairment test by comparing the carrying value of the IPR D intangible asset to its estimated fair value, which was determined by the income approach, using a discounted cash flow model. Estimates and assumptions used in the income approach included projected cash flows and a discount rate. These estimates and assumptions represent a Level 3 measurement because they are supported by little or no market activity and reflect our own assumptions in measuring fair value. Based on our interim impairment test, the carrying value of the IPR D intangible asset did not exceed its estimated fair value. As a result, no impairment for the IPR D intangible asset was recorded. 
 We also performed a recoverability test for the definite-lived intangible assets assigned to the GRAIL reporting unit, which includes developed technology and trade name, noting no impairment. Additionally, no impairment was noted for the definite-lived intangible assets assigned to our Core Illumina reporting unit. 
 Intangible Assets ) ) Licensed technologies ) ) Trade name ) ) Customer relationships ) ) License agreements ) ) Database ) Total finite-lived intangible assets, net ) ) In-process research and development (IPR D) Total intangible assets, net ) ) 
 As a result of an acquisition in Q2 2022, we recorded a developed technology intangible asset of million, with a useful life of years, and a database intangible asset of million, with a useful life of years. We are still finalizing the allocation of the purchase price as additional information is received to complete our analysis. We expect to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but no later than one year after the acquisition date. In addition, we recorded a licensed technology intangible asset of million, with a useful life of years, as a result of our litigation settlement with BGI in Q3 2022. Refer to note 8. Legal Proceedings for additional details. 
 As a result of an acquisition completed in Q2 2021, we recorded an IPR D intangible asset of million, with an indefinite useful life. As of January 1, 2023, the research and development project had not been completed or abandoned and, therefore, the IPR D intangible asset is not currently subject to amortization. Additionally, as a result of another acquisition completed in Q3 2021, we recorded a developed technology intangible asset of million, with a useful life of years. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

Principal amount of 2023 Term Notes outstanding Principal amount of 2027 Term Notes outstanding Principal amount of 2025 Term Notes outstanding Unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs ) ) Net carrying amount of term notes Less: current portion ) Term notes, non-current Fair value of term notes outstanding (Level 2) 
 
 Interest expense recognized on the Term Notes, which included amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs, was million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Term Notes due 2023 (2023 Term Notes) and Term Notes due 2031 (2031 Term Notes) 
 
 On March 23, 2021, we issued million aggregate principal amount of term notes due 2023 (2023 Term Notes) and million aggregate principal amount of term notes due 2031 (2031 Term Notes). We received net proceeds from the issuance of million, after deducting discounts and debt issuance costs. The 2023 and 2031 Term Notes accrue interest at a rate of and per annum, respectively, payable semi-annually. Interest is payable on March 23 and September 23 of each year, beginning on September 23, 2021. The 2023 Term Notes mature on March 23, 2023 and the 2031 Term Notes mature on March 23, 2031. 
 
 We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2023 or 2031 Term Notes, at our option, at any time prior to maturity. The 2023 Term Notes and, prior to December 23, 2030, the 2031 Term Notes are redeemable at make-whole premium redemption prices as defined in the applicable forms of note. After December 23, 2030, the 2031 Term Notes are redeemable at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus any accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Term Notes due 2025 (2025 Term Notes) and Term Notes due 2027 (2027 Term Notes) 
 
 On December 13, 2022, we issued million aggregate principal amount of term notes due 2025 (2025 Term Notes) and million aggregate principal amount of term notes due 2027 (2027 Term Notes). We received net proceeds from the issuance of million, after deducting discounts and debt issuance costs. The 2025 and 2027 Term Notes accrue interest at a rate of and per annum, respectively, payable semi-annually. Interest for the 2025 Term Notes is payable on June 12 and December 12 of each year, beginning on June 12, 2023. Interest for the 2027 Term Notes is payable on June 13 and December 13 of each year, beginning on June 13, 2023. The 2025 Term Notes mature on December 12, 2025 and the 2027 Term Notes mature on December 13, 2027. 
 
 We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2025 or 2027 Term Notes, at our option, at any time prior to maturity. Prior to November 12, 2025 for the 2025 Term Notes, and prior to November 13, 2027 for the 2027 Term Notes, the notes are redeemable at make-whole premium redemption prices as defined in the applicable forms of note. After November 12, 2025 for the 2025 Term Notes and after November 13, 2027 for the 2027 Term Notes, the notes are redeemable at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus any accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 
 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (2023 Convertible Notes) 
 
 In millions January 1, 2023 January 2, 2022 Principal amount outstanding Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs ) ) Net carrying amount of liability component Less: current portion ) Convertible senior notes, non-current Carrying value of equity component, net of debt issuance costs Fair value of convertible senior notes outstanding (Level 2) 
 
 In August 2018, we issued million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2023 (2023 Convertible Notes). The net proceeds from the issuance, after deducting the offering expenses payable by us, were million. The 2023 Convertible Notes carry no coupon interest and mature on August 15, 2023. 
 
 The 2023 Convertible Notes will be convertible into cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election, based on an initial conversion rate, subject to adjustment, of 2.1845 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of notes (which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock), only in the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on September 30, 2018 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price in effect on each applicable trading day; (2) during the business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of 2023 Convertible Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (3) if we call any or all of the notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events described in the indenture. Regardless of the foregoing circumstances, the holders may convert their notes on or after May 15, 2023 until August 11, 2023. The 2023 Convertible Notes were not convertible as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 It is our intent and policy to settle conversions through combination settlement; this involves repayment of an amount of cash equal to the principal amount and delivery of the share amount in excess of the conversion value over the principal amount in shares of common stock. In general, for each 1,000 in principal, the principal amount of cash upon settlement is defined as the lesser of 1,000 and the conversion value during the -day observation period. The conversion value is the sum of the daily conversion value, which is the product of the effective conversion rate divided by days and the daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) of our common stock. The share amount is 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of the conversion price then in effect (currently for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus any accrued and unpaid special interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 
 The 2023 Convertible Notes were initially accounted for in accordance with authoritative guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. The guidance required the carrying amount of the liability component to be estimated by estimating the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated conversion feature. Because at issuance we had no outstanding non-convertible public debt, we determined that market-traded senior, unsecured corporate bonds represented a similar liability without a conversion option. Based on market data available for publicly traded, senior, unsecured corporate bonds issued by companies in our industry, and with similar maturities to the 2023 Convertible Notes, we estimated an implied interest rate of , assuming no conversion option. Assumptions used in the estimate represented what market participants would use in pricing the liability component, including market interest rates, credit standing, and yield curves, all of which are defined as Level 2 observable inputs. The estimated implied interest rate was applied to the 2023 Convertible Notes, which resulted in a fair value of the liability component in aggregate of million upon issuance, calculated as the present value of implied future payments based on the million aggregate principal amount. The million difference million, net of tax) between the aggregate principal amount of million and the estimated fair value of the liability component was recorded in additional paid-in capital as the 2023 Convertible Notes were not considered redeemable. As a policy election under applicable guidance related to the calculation of diluted earnings (loss) per share, we had elected the combination settlement method as our stated settlement policy and applied the treasury stock method in the calculation of the potential dilutive impact of the 2023 Convertible Notes on earnings (loss) per share each period. 
 
 As of January 3, 2022, we adopted ASU 2020-06, which removed the requirement to separate the embedded conversion feature from the notes and requires the notes to be accounted for as a single liability measured at amortized cost. Accordingly, we reclassified the unamortized debt discount from additional paid-in capital to convertible senior notes in the consolidated balance sheets on January 3, 2022. This resulted in an increase to our convertible senior notes and retained earnings of million and million, respectively, and a decrease to our deferred tax liabilities, included in other long-term liabilities, and additional paid-in capital of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Interest expense recognized on the 2023 Convertible Notes, which included amortization of debt issuance costs, was million in 2022. Interest expense recognized on the 2023 Convertible Notes in 2021 and 2020 was million and million, respectively, which included amortization of the original debt discount and debt issuance costs. 
 
 Convertible Senior Notes due 2021 (2021 Convertible Notes) 
 
 In June 2014, we issued million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2021 (2021 Convertible Notes). The 2021 Convertible Notes were convertible into cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election, based on conversion rates as defined in the indenture. The 2021 Convertible Notes matured on June 15, 2021, by which time the principal had been converted and was repaid in cash. The excess of the conversion value over the principal amount was paid in shares of common stock. Interest expense recognized on the 2021 Convertible Notes, which included amortization of debt discount and issuance costs, was million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 3, 2022 did not impact the accounting for the 2021 Convertible Notes since they were converted and repaid prior to the date of adoption. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Conversion value over principal amount, paid in shares of common stock Number of shares of common stock issued upon conversion Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 On March 8, 2021, we entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement), which provides us with a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility, including a million sublimit for swingline borrowings and a million sublimit for letters of credit (the Credit Facility). The proceeds of the loans under the Credit Facility may be used to finance working capital needs and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 Any loans under the Credit Facility will have a variable interest rate based on either the eurocurrency rate or the alternate base rate, plus an applicable spread that varies with the Company s debt rating. The Credit Agreement includes an option for us to elect to increase the commitments under the Credit Facility or to enter into one or more tranches of term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to million, subject to the consent of the lenders providing the additional commitments or term loans, as applicable, and certain other conditions. 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains financial and operating covenants. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, we are required to maintain a ratio of total debt to annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), calculated based on the four consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the most recent fiscal quarter, of not greater than to 1.00 as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Upon the consummation of any Qualified Acquisition (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and us providing notice to the Administrative Agent, the ratio increases to to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter in which the acquisition is consummated and the three consecutive fiscal quarters thereafter. The operating covenants include, among other things, limitations on (i) the incurrence of indebtedness by our subsidiaries, (ii) liens on our and our subsidiaries assets, and (iii) certain fundamental changes and the disposition of assets by us and our subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement contains other customary covenants, representations and warranties, and events of default. 
 
 The Credit Facility matures, and all amounts outstanding thereunder become due and payable in full, on March 8, 2026, subject to extensions at our option, the consent of the extending lenders and certain other conditions. We may prepay amounts borrowed and terminate commitments under the Credit Facility at any time without premium or penalty. 
 
 As of January 1, 2023, there were borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility, and we were in compliance with all financial and operating covenants. 
 
 On January 4, 2023, we terminated the Credit Agreement dated as of March 8, 2021 and the commitments thereunder, and we entered into a new credit agreement which provides us with a million senior unsecured revolving credit facility, including a million sublimit for swingline borrowings and a million sublimit for letters of credit (the New Credit Facility). The New Credit Facility matures, and all amounts outstanding thereunder become due and payable in full, on January 4, 2028, subject to extensions at our option, the consent of the extending lenders, and certain other conditions. The proceeds of the loans under the New Credit Facility may be used to finance working capital needs and for general corporate purposes. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total remaining lease payments (1) 
 Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities Less: current portion ) Long-term operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term years Weighted-average discount rate 
 _____________ 
 (1) Total remaining lease payments exclude million of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. 
 
 Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease costs 
 
 Purchase Obligations 
 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into agreements to purchase goods or services that are not cancelable without penalty, primarily related to licensing and supply arrangements. For those agreements with variable terms, we do not estimate the total obligation beyond any minimum quantities or pricing as of the reporting date. Licensing agreements under which we commit to minimum royalty payments, some of which are subject to adjustment, may be terminated prior to the expiration of underlying intellectual property under certain circumstances. Annual minimum payments for noncancelable purchase obligations as of January 1, 2023 totaled million, less than half of which are due within the next twelve months. 

million shares remained available for future grants under the 2015 Stock Plan. There is no set number of shares reserved for issuance under the New Hire Stock and Incentive Plan. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

period with equal vesting annually. We issue PSU for which the number of shares issuable at the end of a performance period is based on our performance relative to specified earnings per share targets and continued employment through the vesting period. 
 
 Awarded ) Vested ) ) Cancelled ) ) Outstanding at January 3, 2021 Awarded Vested ) ) Cancelled ) ) Outstanding at January 2, 2022 Awarded ) Vested ) ) Cancelled ) ) Outstanding at January 1, 2023 _____________ 
 (1) In connection with the GRAIL acquisition, replacement awards of RSU were awarded to GRAIL employees in 2021. 

PSU Fair value of restricted stock vested: RSU PSU 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Exercised ) Outstanding at January 3, 2021 Granted Exercised ) ) Cancelled ) Outstanding at January 2, 2022 Granted Exercised ) Outstanding at January 1, 2023 Exercisable at January 1, 2023 
 _____________ 

The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding as of January 1, 2023 was million. Aggregate intrinsic value represents the product of the number of options outstanding multiplied by the difference between our closing stock price per share on the last trading day of the fiscal period, which was as of December 30, 2022, and the exercise price. Total intrinsic value of options exercised was , million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The weighted-average remaining life of options outstanding was years as of January 1, 2023. 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of performance stock options outstanding as of January 1, 2023 was million. The total intrinsic value of performance stock options exercised was million in 2021. Outstanding performance stock options, in general, have contractual terms of from the respective grant dates. 
 
 Liability-Classified Awards 
 
 During 2022 and 2021, we granted GRAIL employees cash-based equity incentive awards. For purposes of valuation and performance measurement of the awards, GRAIL s stand-alone valuation, as determined by GRAIL using a reasonable calculation and based on advice from independent valuation experts and analyses, is used. The awards generally have terms of and vest in four equal installments on each anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued employment through the vesting period. These awards are accounted for as liability-classified awards. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Granted Cancelled ) Change in fair value Outstanding at January 2, 2022 Granted Vested and paid in cash ) Cancelled ) Change in fair value Outstanding at January 1, 2023 Estimated liability as of January 1, 2023 (included in accrued liabilities) 
 
 We recognized share-based compensation expense of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of January 1, 2023, approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to awards issued to date was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of GRAIL, we assumed a performance-based award for which vesting is based on GRAIL s future revenues. The award has an aggregate potential value of up to million and expires, to the extent unvested, in August 2030. As of January 1, 2023, it was not probable that the performance conditions associated with the award will be achieved and, therefore, share-based compensation expense, or corresponding liability, has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements to-date. We assess the probability of achieving the performance conditions associated with the award on a quarterly basis at each reporting period. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 A total of million shares of our common stock have been reserved for issuance under our 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP. The ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase common stock at a discount through payroll deductions during defined offering periods. The price at which stock is purchased under the ESPP is equal to of the fair market value of the common stock on the first day of the offering period or purchase date, whichever is lower. The initial offering period commenced in July 2000. 
 
 Approximately shares during 2022 and approximately shares during each of the years 2021 and 2020 were issued under the ESPP. As of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, there were approximately million and million shares available for issuance under the ESPP, respectively. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 We did t repurchase any shares during 2022 or 2021. During 2020, we repurchased approximately million shares for million. As of January 1, 2023, authorizations to repurchase approximately million of our common stock remained available under the million share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors on February 5, 2020. The repurchases may be completed under a 10b5-1 plan or at management s discretion. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Cost of service and other revenue Research and development Selling, general and administrative Share-based compensation expense, before taxes Related income tax benefits ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense, net of taxes 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of GRAIL, we recognized share-based compensation expense of million in 2021 related to the fair value of accelerated equity awards attributable to the post-combination period, of which million was recorded in research and development expense and million in selling, general and administrative expense. We also recognized million and million of expense in 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the replacement awards. 
 
 In February 2021, we modified the metrics and reduced the maximum potential payouts for our performance stock units granted in 2019 and 2020, which vested at the end of the periods ended January 2, 2022 and January 1, 2023, respectively. The modifications affected employees with units granted in 2019, which resulted in total incremental share-based compensation cost of approximately million, and employees with units granted in 2020, which resulted in total incremental share-based compensation cost of approximately million. 
 
 Additionally, in August 2020, we modified the performance period for our performance stock units granted in 2018, which vested at the end of the period ended January 3, 2021. This modification affected employees and resulted in total incremental share-based compensation cost of approximately million in 2020. 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected term - year 
 - year 
 - year 
 Expected dividends 
 Weighted-average grant-date fair value per share 
 
 As of January 1, 2023, approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock, stock options and ESPP shares issued to date was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total accounts receivable, net 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Work in process Finished goods Inventory, gross Inventory reserve ) ) Total inventory, net 
 
 Property and Equipment 
 Machinery and equipment Computer hardware and software Furniture and fixtures Buildings Construction in progress Total property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 
 Property and equipment, net included non-cash expenditures of million, million and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which were excluded from the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 Accrued Liabilities 
 Contract liabilities, current portion Accrued compensation expenses Accrued taxes payable Operating lease liabilities, current portion Liability-classified equity incentive awards Other, including warranties (2) 
 Total accrued liabilities 
 _____________ 
 (1) See note 8. Legal Proceedings for additional details. 
 (2) See table below for changes in the reserve for product warranties. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Additions charged to cost of product revenue Repairs and replacements ) Balance as of January 3, 2021 Additions charged to cost of product revenue Repairs and replacements ) Balance as of January 2, 2022 Additions charged to cost of product revenue Repairs and replacements ) Balance as of January 1, 2023 
 
 Gain on exchange of GRAIL contingent value rights (Loss) gain on Helix contingent value right ) Gain (loss) on derivative assets related to terminated acquisition ) (Losses) gains on strategic investments, net ) Other ) Other (expense) income, net ) 

81 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of our consolidated annual revenues in Q1 2023. On July 19, 2022, the European Commission issued a Statement of Objections alleging that we breached the EU Merger Regulation by completing our acquisition of GRAIL. As a result, we have accrued million, included in accrued liabilities, as of January 1, 2023, which represents of our consolidated annual revenues for fiscal year 2022 in accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies . 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, with the parties agreeing that the judgment against BGI and the judgment against the Company in the above-referenced litigations are satisfied in total. In addition, the Company received from BGI a fully paid-up license to U.S. Patent Nos. 8,617,811, 9,222,132, 9,523,125, 10,662,473, 11,098,356 and 11,214,832, U.S. Patent Application Nos. 61/024,396, 61/024,110, 16/882,461, 17/407,935 and 17/523,706, and U.S. patents and patent applications related to each of the foregoing U.S. patents and patent applications until their expiration the 2-channel technology patents ). Our license allows the Company to use the 2-channel technology in all its current and future platforms with no additional royalties owed. BGI received from us a fully paid-up license to U.S. Patent Nos. 9,217,178, 9,303,290 and 9,970,055 the image mix patents and U.S. patents and applications related to each of the foregoing U.S. patents until their expiration. The parties agreed to a litigation standstill for patent and antitrust actions in the United States and its territories until October 1, 2025, as set forth in the Agreement. The standstill does not apply to the parties patents or patent applications related to non-invasive prenatal testing, nor to any intellectual property of Grail, LLC, related to multi-cancer early detection. None of the parties make any admission of liability in entering into the Agreement. 
 We allocated the million payment on a relative fair value basis, resulting in million capitalized as an intangible asset for the value of the license, which is amortized over a period of years on a straight-line basis, million allocated to the release of past damages claimed, and a million gain for damages awarded to us. The fair value of the license was estimated using a discounted cash flow model, which included assumptions for projected revenues covered by the license, an estimated royalty rate and a discount rate. The fair value of the past damages claimed was estimated based on applicable historical revenues and an estimated royalty rate. These inputs represent a Level 3 measurement because they are supported by little or no market activity and reflect our own assumptions in measuring fair value. 
 RavGen 
 On December 3, 2020, RavGen filed a patent infringement suit against the Company claiming the Company s use of Streck, Inc. sample collection tubes in its Verifi, Verifi Plus, and VeriSeq NIPT and liquid biopsy oncology products infringe U.S. Patent Nos. 7,332,277 and 7,727,720 (RavGen, Inc. v. Illumina, Inc., United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Case No. 1:20-cv-01644-UNA). The patents-in-suit are directed to the use of a sample-stabilizing agent that inhibits the lysis of cells. RavGen is seeking, among other things, an unspecified amount of damages, an injunction, and reasonable attorneys fees. The patents expire March 13, 2023. 
 On January 27, 2021, the Company filed its Answer and Counterclaims denying all allegations in the Complaint and seeking declaratory judgment of non-infringement and invalidity. 
 On July 20, 2021, the Company filed Petitions for Inter Partes Review (IPR) of the 277 and 720 patents-in-suit with the US Patent Trial and Appeal Board seeking to invalidate certain claims of the patents (PTAB) (IPR2021-01272 and IPR2021-01271). On January 26, 2022, the PTAB instituted the IPRs. On January 25, 2023, the PTAB issued Final Written Decisions in the IPRs that no challenged claim was unpatentable due to anticipation or obviousness. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) Foreign Total (loss) income before income taxes ) State Foreign Total current provision Deferred: Federal ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred (benefit) expense ) ) Total tax provision 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 State, net of federal benefit ) Research and other credits ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance Impact of R D expense capitalization Impact of net operating losses on GILTI and foreign tax credits Impact of foreign operations ) ) ) Impact of foreign derived intangible income (FDII) deduction ) ) ) Cost sharing adjustment ) Stock compensation ) ) Officer compensation Accrual of potential fine Goodwill impairment Impact of acquisition related items ) ) Other ) ) Total tax provision 
 
 We have elected to account for the global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) as a period cost in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The impact of foreign operations primarily represents the difference between the actual provision for income taxes for our legal entities that operate primarily in jurisdictions that have statutory tax rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 . The most significant tax benefits from foreign operations were from our earnings in Singapore and the United Kingdom, which had statutory tax rates of 17 and 19 , respectively, in 2022. The impact of foreign operations also includes the impact of GILTI and the U.S. foreign tax credit impact of non-U.S. earnings before the tax impact of net operating losses, and uncertain tax positions related to foreign items. 
 
 The impact of R D expense capitalization is primarily the tax impact of capitalizing research and development expenses for tax purposes beginning in 2022, in accordance with the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, on GILTI and the utilization of the U.S. foreign tax credits. 
 
 The impact of net operating losses on GILTI and foreign tax credits is primarily the tax impact of GRAIL pre-acquisition net operating losses on GILTI and the utilization of the U.S. foreign tax credits. 
 
 The impact of acquisition related items includes the tax impact of the gain on our previously held investment in GRAIL, acquisition related compensation, continuation payments, transaction costs, and changes to the contingent value rights associated with the GRAIL acquisition. 
 
 On June 22, 2020, the Supreme Court denied petition for certiorari for Altera Corporation v. Commissioner. This effectively means the Ninth Circuit decision that stock-based compensation must be included in intercompany cost sharing is final. As a result, tax expense of million was recorded in 2020. A tax benefit of million was recorded in 2022 due to the reversal of tax expense recorded in prior years after closure of an audit. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Tax credits Other accruals and reserves Stock compensation Capitalized U.S. R D expenses Other amortization Operating lease liabilities Investments Other Total gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets ) ) Total deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax liabilities: Purchased intangible amortization ) ) Convertible debt ) Property and equipment ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Investments ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets (liabilities), net ) 
 
 A valuation allowance is established when it is more likely than not the future realization of all or some of the deferred tax assets will not be achieved. The evaluation of the need for a valuation allowance is performed on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis and includes a review of all available positive and negative evidence, including operating results and forecasted ranges of future taxable income. Based on the available evidence as of January 1, 2023, we were not able to conclude it is more likely than not certain deferred tax assets will be realized. Therefore, a valuation allowance of million was recorded against certain U.S. and foreign deferred tax assets, of which million was recorded as an adjustment to goodwill as a result of acquisitions that occurred in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 As of January 1, 2023, we had net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state tax purposes of million and million, respectively, which will begin to expire in 2023 and 2029, respectively, unless utilized prior. We also had federal and state tax credit carryforwards of million and million, which will begin to expire in 2032 and 2027, respectively, unless utilized prior. 
 
 Pursuant to Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, utilization of net operating losses and credits may be subject to annual limitations in the event of any significant future changes in its ownership structure. These annual limitations may result in the expiration of net operating losses and credits prior to utilization. The deferred tax assets as of January 1, 2023 are net of any previous limitations due to Section 382 and 383. 
 
 Our manufacturing operations in Singapore operate under various tax holidays and incentives, a portion of which begin to expire in 2023. These tax holidays and incentives resulted in a million, million, and million decrease to the provision for income taxes in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. These tax holidays and incentives resulted in an increase in diluted (loss) earnings per share of , , and , in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 As of January 1, 2023, we asserted that million of foreign earnings would not be indefinitely reinvested, and accordingly, recorded a deferred tax liability of million. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Increases related to prior year tax positions Decreases related to prior year tax positions ) ) Increases related to current year tax positions Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 Included in the balance of uncertain tax positions as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, was million and million, respectively, of net unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would reduce the effective income tax rate in future periods. 
 
 Any interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are reflected in the provision for income taxes. We recognized income of million in 2022, expense of million in 2021, and income of million in 2020, related to potential interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions. We recorded a liability for potential interest and penalties of million and million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Tax years 1997 to 2021 remain subject to future examination by the major tax jurisdictions in which we are subject to tax. The Internal Revenue Service completed an examination of the U.S. Corporation Income Tax Returns for tax years 2017, 2018, and 2020. Given the uncertainty of potential adjustments from examination as well as the potential expiration of the statute of limitations, it is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits could change significantly over the next 12 months. Due to the number of years remaining that are subject to examination, we are unable to estimate the full range of possible adjustments to the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits. 

million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 The Illumina, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan) allows senior level employees to contribute up to of their base salary and of their variable cash compensation, and members of the board of directors to contribute up to of their director fees and equity awards. Under the Plan, we credit the participants contributions with earnings that reflect the performance of certain independent investment funds. On a discretionary basis, we may also make employer contributions to participant accounts in any amount determined by us. The vesting schedules of employer contributions are at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee. However, all employer contributions shall become vested upon the occurrence of the participant s disability, death or retirement or a change in control of Illumina. The benefits under this plan are unsecured. Participants are generally eligible to receive payment of their vested benefit at the end of their elected deferral period or after termination of their employment for any reason or at a later date to comply with the restrictions of Section 409A. 
 
 million and million, respectively, and our liabilities were million and million, respectively. The assets and liabilities are classified as other assets and accrued liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets. Changes in the values of the assets held by the rabbi trust are recorded in other (expense) income, net in the consolidated statements of operations, and changes in the values of the deferred compensation liabilities are recorded in cost of revenue or operating expenses. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 reportable segments, Core Illumina and GRAIL. We do not allocate expenses between segments. 
 
 On August 18, 2021, we acquired GRAIL and it operates as a separate reportable segment. We have included the results of operations of GRAIL in our consolidated statements of operations from the date of acquisition. See note 4. Acquisitions, Goodwill and Intangible Assets for further details. Core Illumina sells products and provides services to GRAIL, and vice versa, in accordance with contractual agreements between the entities. 
 
 Core Illumina : 
 
 Core Illumina s products and services serve customers in the research, clinical and applied markets, and enable the adoption of a variety of genomic solutions. Core Illumina includes all of our operations, excluding the results of GRAIL. 
 
 GRAIL : 
 
 GRAIL is a healthcare company focused on early detection of multiple cancers . 
 
 GRAIL Eliminations ) ) Consolidated revenue Depreciation and amortization: Core Illumina GRAIL Consolidated depreciation and amortization Income (loss) from operations: Core Illumina GRAIL ) ) Eliminations ) Consolidated (loss) income from operations ) ) 
 
 Total other (expense) income, net primarily relates to Core Illumina, and we do not allocate income taxes to our segments. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 GRAIL Eliminations ) ) Consolidated total assets Capital expenditures: Core Illumina GRAIL Eliminations ) Consolidated capital expenditures 
 
 Geographic Data 

Singapore United Kingdom Other countries Total net long-lived assets 
 Refer to note 2. Revenue for revenue by geographic area. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 We design our internal controls to provide reasonable assurance that (1) our transactions are properly authorized; (2) our assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use; and (3) our transactions are properly recorded and reported in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also maintain internal controls and procedures to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and our established financial policies. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we continued to monitor and evaluate the design and operating effectiveness of key controls, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our internal control environment. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer (CEO) and chief financial officer (CFO), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act)), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of January 1, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 1, 2023. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Illumina, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Illumina, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Illumina, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Illumina, Inc. as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 1, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 San Diego, California 
 February 17, 2023 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Directors 
 
 Information concerning our directors is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Proposal One: Election of Directors, Information About Directors, Director Compensation, and Board of Directors and Corporate Governance to be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC no later than May 1, 2023. 
 
 Executive Officers 
 
 Information concerning our executive officers is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Executive Officers to be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC no later than May 1, 2023. 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Information concerning compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance to be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC no later than May 1, 2023. 
 
 Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 
 Information concerning the audit committee financial expert as defined by the SEC rules adopted pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Board of Directors and Corporate Governance to be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC no later than May 1, 2023. 
 
 Code of Conduct 
 
 We have a code of conduct for our directors, officers, and employees, which is available on our website at www.illumina.com in the Corporate Governance portal of the Investor Information section under Company. A copy of the Code of Conduct is available in print free of charge to any stockholder who requests a copy. Interested parties may address a written request for a printed copy of the Code of Ethics to: Corporate Secretary, Illumina, Inc., 5200 Illumina Way, San Diego, California 92122. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement regarding any amendment to, or a waiver from, a provision of the Code of Ethics for our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, by posting such information on our website. The information on, or that can be accessed from, our website is not incorporated by reference into this report. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information concerning executive compensation is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Director Compensation, and Executive Compensation to be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC no later than May 1, 2023. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information concerning the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and information covering securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Stock Ownership of Principal Stockholders and Management, Executive Compensation, and Equity Compensation Plan Information to be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC no later than May 1, 2023. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information concerning certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Proposal One: Election of Directors, Information About Directors, Director Compensation, Executive Compensation, and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions to be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC no later than May 1, 2023. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information concerning principal accountant fees and services is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Proposal Two: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Independent Registered Public Accountants to be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC no later than May 1, 2023. 

EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying Index to Exhibits below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this report. 
 
 Financial Statements 
 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements within the Consolidated Financial Statements section of this report. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All financial schedules have been omitted as the required information is not applicable, not material, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Consolidated Financial Statements section of this report. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Index to Exhibits 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Filing Filed Number Exhibit Description Form File Number Exhibit Date Herewith 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 20, 2020, among Illumina, Inc., SDG Ops, Inc., SDG Ops, LLC and GRAIL, Inc. 
 8-K 001-35406 2.1 9/21/2020 2.2 Amendment, dated as of February 5, 2021 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 20, 2020, among Illumina, Inc., SDG Ops, Inc., SDG Ops, LLC, and GRAIL, Inc. 
 8-K 001-35406 2.1 2/5/2021 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 10-Q 001-35406 3.1 8/11/2022 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 8-K 001-35406 3.1 2/7/2023 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 
 S-1/A 333-33922 4.1 7/3/2000 4.2 Indenture related to the 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023, dated as of August 21, 2018, between Illumina and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 8-K 001-35406 4.1 8/21/2018 4.3 Description of Illumina, Inc. s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934 
 10-K 001-35406 4.5 2/17/2021 4.4 Indenture related to the 0.55 notes due 2023 and 2.55 notes due 2031 dated as of March 12, 2021, between Illumina and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 S-3 333-54195 4.6 3/12/2021 4.5 Form of Officer s Certificate setting forth the terms and forms of the 2023 Notes and 2031 Notes. 
 8-K 001-35406 4.2 3/22/2021 4.6 Contingent Value Rights Agreement by and among Illumina, Inc., Compute r share Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Shareholder Representative Services LLC dated as of August 18, 2021 
 8-K 001-35406 4.1 8/18/2021 4.7 Form of Officer s Certificate setting forth the terms and forms of the 2025 Notes and 2027 Notes 
 8-K 001-35406 4.2 12/13/2022 +10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Illumina and each of its directors and executive officers 
 10-Q 000-30361 10.55 7/25/2008 +10.2 Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement between Illumina and each of its executive officers 
 10-K 000-30361 10.34 2/26/2009 +10.3 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated through April 29, 2020 
 10-Q 001-35406 10.4 8/7/2020 +10.4 New Hire Stock and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated through October 28, 2009 
 10-K 000-30361 10.7 2/26/2010 10.5 License Agreement, effective as of May 6, 1998, between Tufts University and Illumina 
 10-Q 000-30361 10.5 5/3/2007 +10.6 The Solexa Unapproved Company Share Option Plan 
 8-K 000-30361 99.3 11/26/2007 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 +10.7 The Solexa Share Option Plan for Consultants 
 8-K 000-30361 99.4 11/26/2007 +10.8 Solexa Limited Enterprise Management Incentive Plan 
 8-K 000-30361 99.5 11/26/2007 +10.9 Amended and Restated Solexa 2005 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 000-30361 10.25 2/26/2009 +10.10 Amended and Restated Solexa 1992 Stock Option Plan 
 10-K 000-30361 10.26 2/26/2009 +10.11 Amended and Restated 2015 Stock and Incentive Plan 
 8-K 001-35406 10.1 2/7/2023 +10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Employees Under Amended and Restated 2015 Stock and Incentive Plan 
 8-K 001-35406 10.4 2/7/2023 +10.13 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement (Relative TSR) for Employees Under Amended and Restated 2015 Stock and Incentive Plan 
 8-K 001-35406 10.2 2/7/2023 +10.14 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement (Adjusted EPS) for Employees Under Amended and Restated 2015 Stock and Incentive Plan 
 8-K 001-35406 10.3 2/7/2023 +10.15 Form of Option Agreement for Employees Under 2015 Stock and Incentive Plan 
 X 10.16 Amended and Restated Lease between BMR-9885 Towne Centre Drive LLC and Illumina for the 9885 Towne Centre Drive property, dated January 26, 2007 
 10-Q 000-30361 10.41 5/3/2007 10.17 Lease between BMR-9885 Towne Centre Drive LLC and Illumina for the 9865 Towne Centre Drive property, dated January 26, 2007 
 10-Q 000-30361 10.42 5/3/2007 10.18 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement, dated March 27, 2012, between ARE-SD Region No. 32, LLC and Illumina 
 10-Q 001-35406 10.1 5/3/2012 10.19 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Lease Agreement, dated March 27, 2012, between ARE-SD Region No. 32, LLC and Illumina 
 10-K 001-35406 10.23 2/18/2015 10.20 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Lease Agreement, dated March 27, 2012, between ARE-SD Region No. 32, LLC and Illumina 
 10-K 001-35406 10.24 2/18/2015 10.21 Amended and Restated Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Lease Agreement, dated March 27, 2012, between ARE-SD Region No. 32, LLC and Illumina 
 10-K 001-35406 10.18 2/13/2018 +10.22 Deferred Compensation Plan, effective December 1, 2007 
 14D-9 005-60457 99(e)(6) 2/7/2012 10.23 Lease between BMR-Lincoln Centre LP and Illumina, dated December 30, 2014 
 10-K 001-35406 10.26 2/18/2015 10.24 Pooled Patents Agreement between Illumina and Sequenom, Inc., dated December 2, 2014 (with certain confidential portions omitted) 
 10-K 001-35406 10.27 2/18/2015 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 10.25 First Amendment to Pooled Patents Agreement between Illumina and Sequenom, Inc., effective as of April 21, 2016 
 10-K 001-35406 10.22 2/13/2018 10.26 Second Amendment to Pooled Patents Agreement between Illumina and Sequenom, Inc., effective as of April 17, 2017 
 10-K 001-35406 10.23 2/13/2018 10.27 Third Amendment to Pooled Patents Agreement between Illumina and Sequenom, Inc., effective as of August 28, 2017 (with certain confidential portions omitted) 
 10-K 001-35406 10.24 2/13/2018 10.28 Fourth Amendment to Pooled Patents Agreement between Illumina and Sequenom, Inc., effective as of March 15, 2018 
 10-K 001-35406 10.25 2/11/2020 10.29 Fifth Amendment to Pooled Patents Agreement between Illumina and Sequenom, Inc., effective as of April 12, 2019 (with certain confidential portions omitted) 
 10-K 001-35406 10.25 2/11/2020 10.30 Sixth Amendment to Pooled Patents Agreement between Illumina and Sequenom, Inc., effective as of May 8, 2020 (with certain confidential portions omitted) 
 10-Q 001-35406 10.1 10/30/2020 10.31 Agreement for Lease between Granta Park Park Jco 1 Limited and Illumina, dated June 25, 2015 
 10-Q 001-35406 10.1 7/31/2015 10.32 Third Amendment to Lease between ARE-SD Region No. 32, LLC and Illumina, dated September 2, 2015 
 10-K 001-35406 10.29 3/2/2016 10.33 First Amendment to Lease between BMR-Lincoln Center LP and Illumina, dated February 23, 2016 
 10-K 001-35406 10.30 3/2/2016 10.34 Fourth Amendment to Lease between ARE-SD Region No. 32, LLC and Illumina, dated April 14, 2016 
 10-K 001-35406 10.28 2/14/2017 10.35 Second Amendment to Lease between BMR-Lincoln Center LP and Illumina dated August 15, 2016 
 10-K 001-35406 10.29 2/14/2017 10.36 Deed of Variation to the Agreement for Lease between Granta Park Jco 1 Limited and Illumina dated October 24, 2016 
 10-K 001-35406 10.30 2/14/2017 10.37 Third Amendment to Lease between BMR-Lincoln Center LP and Illumina dated January 18, 2018 
 10-Q 001-35406 10.10 4/25/2018 10.38 Selling Investor Support Agreement dated as of September 20, 2020, among Illumina, Inc. and each of the stockholders party thereto 
 8-K 001-35406 10.01 9/21/2020 10.39+ Form of Insurance Matters Agreement 
 10-Q 001-35406 10.1 11/5/2021 10.40 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2023, among the Company, as the borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, an issuing bank and the swingline lender, and the other issuing banks from time to time party thereto 
 8-K 001-35406 10.1 1/4/2023 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 10.41 Underwriting Agreement, dated November 29, 2022, between the Company and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. 
 8-K 001-35406 1.1 12/13/2022 21.1 Subsidiaries of Illumina 
 X 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page) X 31.1 Certification of Francis A. deSouza pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 Certification of Joydeep Goswami pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 Certification of Francis A. deSouza pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 Certification of Joydeep Goswami pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - formatted in Inline XBRL and included as Exhibit 101 X 
 _______________________________________ 
 + Management contract or corporate plan or arrangement 
 Supplemental Information 
 
 No Annual Report to stockholders or proxy materials has been furnished to stockholders as of the date of this report. The Annual Report to stockholders and proxy material will be furnished to our stockholders after the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and we will furnish such material to the SEC at that time. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 FORM 10-K CROSS-REFERENCE INDEX 
 Page PART I Item 1 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments None Item 2 
 Properties 
 11 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable PART II Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 ; 29 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 90 
 Item 9B Other Information None Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not Applicable PART III Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 92 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 92 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 92 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 93 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 93 
 PART IV Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 93 
 Signatures 
 99 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 17, 2023. 
 ILLUMINA , I NC. 
 By /s/ F RANCIS A. DE S OUZA 
 Francis A. deSouza 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 February 17, 2023 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENT, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Francis A. deSouza and Joydeep Goswami, and each or any one of them, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their, his, or her substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ F RANCIS A. DE S OUZA 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 17, 2023 Francis A. deSouza /s/ J OYDEEP G OSWAMI 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 17, 2023 Joydeep Goswami /s/ S COTT E RICKSEN 
 Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 17, 2023 Scott Ericksen /s/ J OHN W. T HOMPSON 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors February 17, 2023 John W. Thompson /s/ F RANCES A RNOLD 
 Director February 17, 2023 Frances Arnold, Ph.D. /s/ C AROLINE D. D ORSA 
 Director February 17, 2023 Caroline D. Dorsa /s/ R OBERT S. E PSTEIN 
 Director February 17, 2023 Robert S. Epstein, M.D. /s/ S COTT G OTTLIEB 
 Director February 17, 2023 Scott Gottlieb, M.D. /s/ G ARY S. G UTHART 
 Director February 17, 2023 Gary S. Guthart, Ph.D. /s/ P HILIP W. S CHILLER 
 Director February 17, 2023 Philip W. Schiller /s/ S USAN E. S IEGEL 
 Director February 17, 2023 Susan E. Siegel 
 100 

<EX-10.15>
 2
 formofoptionagreementforem.htm
 EX-10.15

Document 

ILLUMINA, INC. 
 2015 STOCK AND INCENTIVE PLAN 
 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Illumina, Inc. 2015 Stock and Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 I. NOTICE OF GRANT 
 You have been granted an option to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, as follows 
 Name of Optionee 
 Grant Date 
 Vesting Commencement Date 
 Exercise Price per Share 
 Number of Shares Subject to the Option 
 Type of Option 
 Incentive Stock Option Nonstatutory Stock Option 
 Term Expiration Date 
 Vesting Schedule Subject to accelerated vesting as set forth below, this Option may be exercised, in whole or in part, in accordance with the following schedule 
 Twenty-five percent (25 of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on the one (1) year anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date, and twenty-five percent (25 of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest on each anniversary thereafter on the same day of the month as the Vesting Commencement Date (and if there is no corresponding day, on the last day of the month), subject to Optionee continuing to be a Service Provider through each such date. 

II. AGREEMENT 
 A. Grant of Option . 
 1. The Optionee is hereby granted an Option to purchase the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Grant at the per share for the shares issued pursuant to exercise of an Option (the Exercise Price set forth in the Notice of Grant, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 2. If this Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option in the Notice of Grant section of this Agreement, then no installment of Optioned Shares for which this Option becomes exercisable shall qualify for favorable tax treatment as an Incentive Stock Option if (and to the extent) the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the date on which the Administrator granted this Option, as set forth in the Notice of Grant (the Grant Date )) of the Optioned Shares for which such installment first becomes exercisable hereunder would, when added to the aggregate value (determined as of the respective date or dates of grant) of the Optioned Shares or other securities for which this Option or any other Incentive Stock Options granted to Optionee prior to the Grant Date (whether under the Plan or any other option plan of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary) first become exercisable during the same calendar year, exceed One Hundred Thousand Dollars 100,000) in the aggregate. Should such One Hundred Thousand Dollar 100,000) limitation be exceeded in any calendar year, this Option shall nevertheless become exercisable for the excess Optioned Shares in such calendar year as a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 
 B. Exercise of Option . 
 1. Right to Exercise . This Option shall vest and become exercisable in one or more installments in accordance with the vesting schedule set out in the Notice of Grant and the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. As this Option becomes vested and exercisable for such installments, those installments shall accumulate, and this Option shall remain vested and exercisable for the accumulated installments until the date upon which this Option expires, if not terminated earlier in accordance with this Option Agreement and the Plan Expiration Date ), as set forth in the Notice of Grant, or sooner termination under this Paragraph B. In no event may this Option be exercised for any fractional shares. 
 2. Post-Service Exercisability . 
 (a) Should Optionee cease to be a Service Provider for any reason (other than death or Disability) while holding this Option, then Optionee shall have a period of three (3) months (commencing with the date of such cessation of service) during which to exercise this Option. 
 (b) Should Optionee die while holding this Option, then the personal representative of Optionee s estate or the person or persons to whom this Option is transferred pursuant to Optionee s will or the laws of inheritance shall have the right to exercise this Option. However, if Optionee has designated one or more beneficiaries of this Option in a form acceptable to the Administrator, then those persons shall have the exclusive right to exercise this Option following Optionee s 

death. Any such right to exercise this Option shall lapse, and this Option shall cease to be outstanding, upon the expiration of the twelve (12)-month period measured from the date of Optionee s death. 
 (c) Should Optionee cease to be a Service Provider by reason of Disability while holding this Option, then Optionee shall have a period of twelve (12) months (commencing with the date of such cessation of service) during which to exercise this Option. 
 (d) During the limited period of post-service exercisability, this Option may not be exercised in the aggregate for more than the number of Optioned Shares for which this Option is exercisable at the time the Optionee ceases to be a Service Provider. Upon the expiration of such limited exercise period or (if earlier) upon the Expiration Date, this Option shall terminate and cease to be outstanding for any exercisable Optioned Shares for which this Option has not been exercised. However, this Option shall, immediately upon Optionee s cessation of Service Provider status for any reason, terminate and cease to be outstanding with respect to any Optioned Shares for which this Option is not otherwise at that time exercisable. 
 (e) In no event shall this Option be exercisable at any time after the Expiration Date. 
 3. Method of Exercise . This Option is exercisable through E Trade. The Optionee will receive a welcome kit from E Trade explaining this service. No Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of this Option unless such issuance and exercise complies with Applicable Laws. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the purchased Shares shall be considered transferred to the Optionee on the date this Option is exercised with respect to such purchased Shares. 
 4. Method of Payment . Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price shall be made through E Trade and may be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of the Optionee 
 (a) cash 
 (b) check 
 (c) consideration received through a special sale and remittance procedure pursuant to which Optionee (or any other person or persons exercising the Option) shall concurrently provide irrevocable instructions (i) to E Trade to effect the immediate sale of the purchased Optioned Shares and remit to the Company, out of the sale proceeds available on the settlement date, sufficient funds to cover the aggregate Exercise Price payable for the purchased Optioned Shares plus all applicable Federal, state and local income and employment or other taxes required to be withheld by the Company by reason of such exercise and (ii) to the Company to deliver the certificates for the purchased Optioned Shares directly to E Trade in order to complete the sale or 
 (d) other Shares which, in the case of Shares acquired directly or indirectly from the Company, (i) have been owned by the Optionee for more than six (6) months on the date of surrender, and 
 2 

(ii) have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Optioned Shares for which this Option is exercised. 
 C. Non-Transferability of Option . This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Optionee only by the Optionee. However, Optionee may designate one or more persons as the beneficiary or beneficiaries of this Option, and this Option shall, in accordance with such designation, automatically be transferred to such beneficiary or beneficiaries upon the Optionee s death with holding this Option. Such beneficiary or beneficiaries shall take the transferred option subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including (without limitation) the limited time period during which this Option may be exercised following Optionee s death. The terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, beneficiaries, successors and assigns of the Optionee. 
 D. Term of Option . This Option shall have a maximum term of seven (7) years measured from the Grant Date and shall expire at the close of business on the Expiration Date, unless sooner terminated. This Option may be exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option Agreement. 
 E. Adjustment in Optioned Shares . Should any change be made to the Common Stock by reason of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination of shares, exchange of shares or other change affecting the outstanding Common Stock as a class without the Company s receipt of consideration, appropriate adjustments shall be made to (1) the total number and or class of securities subject to this Option and (2) the Exercise Price in order to reflect such change and thereby preclude a dilution or enlargement of benefits hereunder provided that the aggregate Exercise Price shall remain the same. 
 F. Certain Tax Matters . 
 1. Responsibility for Taxes . Optionee acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or any Subsidiary employing Optionee (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance contributions, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax related items related to Optionee s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Optionee Tax-Related Items ), is and remains Optionee s responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. Optionee further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (A) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of this Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of this Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends and (B) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of this Option to reduce or eliminate Optionee s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Optionee is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, Optionee acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 2. Withholding Taxes . Prior to the relevant taxable or tax-withholding event, as applicable, Optionee agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items. In this regard, Optionee authorizes the Company and 
 3 

or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to any applicable withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (A) withholding from Optionee s wages or other cash compensation payable to Optionee or amounts that are owed to Optionee by the Company and or the Employer, (B) requiring Optionee to make a payment in cash, (C) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired at exercise of this Option either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Optionee s behalf pursuant to this authorization) without further consent, or (D) any other method determined by the Administrator to be in compliance with the Plan and Applicable Laws. The Company and or the Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates in Optionee s jurisdiction(s), in which case, Optionee may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Shares. In the event of over-withholding, if Optionee is not refunded any amounts, the Optionee may be able to seek a refund from the local tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, Optionee may be required to pay any additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the Company and or the Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares as authorized under the Plan, for tax purposes, Optionee shall be deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the exercise of this Option, notwithstanding that a number of Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. Optionee agrees to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Optionee s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares, if Optionee fails to comply with the Optionee s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 G. Notice of Disqualifying Disposition of Shares . If this Option is designated an Incentive Stock Option in the Notice of Grant section of this Agreement, then the Optionee shall, upon any sale or other disposition of the Optioned Shares effected on or before the later of two years after the Grant Date or one year after the exercise date, immediately notify the Company in writing of such sale or disposition. The Optionee agrees that he or she may be subject to income tax withholding by the Company on the compensation income recognized from such early disposition of the Optioned Shares acquired pursuant to this Option by payment in cash or out of the current earnings paid to the Optionee. 
 H. Successors and Assigns . Except to the extent otherwise provided in this Option Agreement, the provisions of this Option Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and its successors and assigns and Optionee, the legal representatives, heirs and legatees of Optionee s estate and any beneficiaries of this Option designated by Optionee. 
 I. Severability Notices . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. Any notice required to be given or delivered to the Company under the terms of this Option Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be given or delivered to Optionee shall be in writing and addressed to Optionee at the address indicated below Optionee s 
 4 

signature line. All notices shall be deemed effective upon personal delivery or upon deposit in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid and properly addressed to the party to be notified. 
 J. Entire Agreement Construction . The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Optionee with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Optionee s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Optionee. Subject to Section 4(c) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail. 
 K. Governing Law . This Agreement and the Option hereunder shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, excluding the choice of law rules thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly under the Option or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California, and agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of San Diego County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Southern District of California, and no other courts, where this Option is made and or to be performed. 
 L. Counterparts . This Option may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 
 M. NO GUARANTEE OF CONTINUED SERVICE . OPTIONEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED AN OPTION OR PURCHASING SHARES HEREUNDER). OPTIONEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE WITH OPTIONEE S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY S RIGHT TO TERMINATE OPTIONEE S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 
 N. Limitation of Rights . The Optionee shall not have any privileges of a shareholder of the Company with respect to the Common Stock payable hereunder, including without limitation any right to vote such Common Stock or to receive dividends or other distributions in respect thereof, until the date of the issuance to the Optionee of a share certificate evidencing such Common Stock by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company. 
 O. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the legatees, distributees, and personal representatives of the Optionee and the successors of the Company. 
 5 

P. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws . Optionee acknowledges that he or she may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, including but not limited to the United States, Optionee s country, the broker s country and the country or countries in which the Shares are listed, which may affect Optionee s ability, directly or indirectly, to purchase or sell or attempt to sell Shares or rights to Shares (e.g., Options), or rights linked to the value of Shares, during such times as Optionee is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the applicable jurisdiction or Optionee s country). Local insider trading laws and regulations prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Optionee placed before possessing the inside information. Furthermore, Optionee understands that he or she may be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties by sharing with them Company insider information, or otherwise causing third parties to buy or sell Company securities Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Optionee acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and Optionee should speak to his or her personal advisor on this matter. 
 Q. Electronic Delivery and Participation . The Company has complete discretion to deliver by electronic means any documents related to current or future Options that may be granted under the Plan and to request the Optionee s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Optionee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 R. No Waiver . The Optionee acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by the Optionee or any other participant. 
 S. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Optionee s participation in the Plan, or Optionee s acquisition or sale of the Shares underlying the Option. Optionee is hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisers regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 _____________________________________ 
 By your signature and the signature of the Company s representative below, you and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. Optionee has reviewed the Plan and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Option Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Option Agreement. Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and Option Agreement. Optionee further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below. 

6 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 fy2210-kex211subsidiariesq4.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 
 The following is a list of subsidiaries of Illumina, Inc. as of January 1, 2023, omitting subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary 
 Name of Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction 
 Doing Business As 
 Advanced Liquid Logic Inc. Delaware Advanced Liquid Logic Inc. BlueBee Belgium BVBA Belgium BlueBee Belgium BVBA BlueBee Holding BV Netherlands BlueBee Holding BV Conexio Genomics Pty Ltd. Australia Conexio Genomics Pty Ltd. Emedgene Technologies Ltd Israel Emedgene GRAIL, LLC Delaware GRAIL, LLC IDbyDNA Inc. Delaware IDbyDNA Inc. Illumina AB Sweden Illumina AB Illumina Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Illumina Australia Pty. Ltd. Illumina Austria GmbH Austria Illumina Austria GmbH Illumina Belgium BV Belgium Illumina Belgium BVBA Illumina Brasil Produtos de Biotecnologia Ltda. Brazil Illumina Brazil Illumina Cambridge, Ltd. United Kingdom Illumina Cambridge, Ltd. Illumina Canada ULC Canada Illumina Canada ULC Illumina (China) Scientific Co Ltd China Illumina China (Scientific) Co Ltd Illumina (China) Scientific Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch China Illumina (China) Scientific Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch Illumina (China) Scientific Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Branch China Illumina (China) Scientific Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Branch Illumina (China) Scientific Co., Ltd. Hangzhou Branch China Illumina (China) Scientific Co., Ltd. Hangzhou Branch Illumina (China) Scientific Co., Ltd. Nanjing Branch China Illumina (China) Scientific Co., Ltd. Nanjing Branch Illumina Colombia S.A.S. Colombia Illumina Colombia S.A.S. Illumina Denmark ApS Denmark Illumina Denmark ApS Illumina Diagnostics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Illumina Diagnostics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Illumina Finland Oy Finland Illumina Finland Oy Illumina France Holding Sarl France Illumina France Holding Sarl Illumina France Sarl France Illumina France Sarl Illumina GmbH Germany Illumina GmbH Illumina Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Illumina Hong Kong Limited Illumina India Biotechnology Private Limited India Illumina India Biotechnology Private Limited Illumina Ireland Commercial Limited Ireland Illumina Ireland Commercial Limited Illumina Italy S.r.l. Italy Illumina Italy S.r.l. Illumina Korea Ltd. Republic of Korea Illumina Korea Ltd. Illumina K.K. Japan Illumina K.K. Illumina M xico Productos de Biotecnolog a, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Illumina M xico Productos de Biotecnolog a, S. de R.L. de C.V. Illumina Middle East FZE United Arab Emirates Illumina Middle East FZE Illumina Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Illumina Netherlands B.V. Illumina Norway AS Norway Illumina Norway AS 

Illumina New Zealand Limited New Zealand Illumina New Zealand Limited Illumina Productos de Espana, S.L.U. Spain Illumina Productos de Espana, S.L.U. Illumina Rus LLC Russia Illumina Rus Illumina Shanghai (Trading) Co., Ltd. China Illumina Shanghai (Trading) Co., Ltd. Illumina Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Illumina Singapore Pte. Ltd Illumina Software, Inc. Delaware Illumina Software, Inc. Illumina Switzerland GmbH Switzerland Illumina Switzerland GmbH Illumina US Manufacturing Operations, Inc. Delaware Illumina US Manufacturing Operations, Inc. Illumina Taiwan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. Taiwan Illumina Taiwan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. Illumina Turkey Biotechnology Limited Turkey Illumina Turkey Biotechnology Limited Verinata Health, Inc. Delaware Verinata Health, Inc. 
 All listed subsidiaries are wholly-owned, direct or indirect, subsidiaries of Illumina, Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex231consentfy2210-k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-254195) of Illumina, Inc., and 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-206215) of Illumina, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated February 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Illumina, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Illumina, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Illumina, Inc. for the year ended January 1, 2023. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 San Diego, California 
 February 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 fy22q4ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF FRANCIS A. DESOUZA PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Francis A. deSouza, certify that 
 1 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Illumina, Inc. 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated February 17, 2023 
 By s F RANCIS A. DE S OUZA 
 Name Francis A. deSouza Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 fy22q4ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF JOYDEEP GOSWAMI PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Joydeep Goswami, certify that 
 1 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Illumina, Inc. 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated February 17, 2023 
 By s J OYDEEP G OSWAMI 
 Name Joydeep Goswami Title Chief Financial Officer, Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 fy22q4ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF FRANCIS A. DESOUZA PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 
 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES- 
 OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Illumina, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Francis A. deSouza, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 17, 2023 
 By s FRANCIS A. DESOUZA Name Francis A. deSouza Title Chief Executive Officer 
 This certification accompanying the Report is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities such Section, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before, on or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 fy22q4ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF JOYDEEP GOSWAMI PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 
 SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Illumina, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joydeep Goswami, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 17, 2023 
 By s J OYDEEP G OSWAMI 
 Name Joydeep Goswami Title Chief Financial Officer, Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer 
 This certification accompanying the Report is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities such Section, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before, on or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ilmn-20230101.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ilmn-20230101_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ilmn-20230101_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ilmn-20230101_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ilmn-20230101_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

