<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1604821_0001558370-23-002460.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14713212</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>480208</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1947333</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5369002</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2404091</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4105913</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002460.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301060502
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002460
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Natera, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001604821
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		IRS NUMBER:				010894487
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37478
		FILM NUMBER:		23689565

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13011 MCCALLEN PASS
		STREET 2:		BUILDING A SUITE 100
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78753
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-249-9090

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13011 MCCALLEN PASS
		STREET 2:		BUILDING A SUITE 100
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78753

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002460.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 ntra-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

 01-0894487 State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files) . No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion based on the last reported sale price of 35.44 per share as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022, the last trading day of the most recently completed second fiscal quarter. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o As of February 17, 2023, the number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, was . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Information required in response to Part III of this annual report on Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by reference to portions of the Registrant s proxy statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2022. The proxy statement will be filed by the registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 
 Natera, Inc. FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 3 PART I Item 1. Business 6 Item 1A. Risk Factors 29 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 66 Item 2. Properties 66 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 67 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 67 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 68 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 70 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 71 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 82 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 83 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 125 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 125 Item 9B. Other Information 128 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 128 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 128 Item 11. Executive Compensation 128 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 128 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 128 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 128 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 129 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 133 Signatures 135 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report contains forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections titled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, but are also contained elsewhere in this report. Forward-looking statements include information concerning our future results of operations and financial position, strategy and plans, and our expectations for future operations. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and, in some cases, can be identified by terms such as believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, design, intend, expect, could, plan, potential, predict, seek, should, would or the negative version of these words and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including those described in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, forward-looking statements represent our beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this report. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. You should read this report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: our expectations regarding revenue, expenses and other operating results; our expectation that, for the foreseeable future, a significant portion of our revenues will be derived from sales of Panorama and Horizon; our ability to increase demand and reimbursement for our tests, particularly Panorama, Horizon, Signatera and Prospera; our expectation that Panorama will be adopted for the screening of microdeletions and that third-party payer reimbursement will be available for this testing, including our expectations that the results from our single nucleotide polymorphism-based Microdeletion and Aneuploidy RegisTry, or SMART, Study may support broader use of and reimbursement for the use of Panorama for microdeletions; our expectations of the reliability, accuracy, and performance of our tests, as well as expectations of the benefits of our tests to patients, providers, and payers; our ability to successfully develop additional revenue opportunities, expand our product offerings to include new tests, and expand adoption of our current and future technologies through Constellation, our cloud-based distribution model; our efforts to successfully develop and commercialize our oncology and organ health products; our ability to comply with federal, state, and foreign regulatory requirements, programs and policies and to successfully operate our business in response to changes in such requirements, programs and policies; our ability to respond to, defend, or otherwise favorably resolve litigation or other proceedings, including investigations, subpoenas, demands, disputes, requests for information, and other regulatory or administrative actions or proceedings; the effect of improvements in our cost of goods sold; our estimates of the total addressable markets for our current and potential product offerings; our ability and expectations regarding obtaining, maintaining and expanding third-party payer coverage of, and reimbursement for, our tests; the effect of changes in the way we account for our revenue; the scope of protection we establish and maintain for, and developments or disputes concerning, our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; our ability to successfully compete in the markets we serve; our reliance on collaborators such as medical institutions, contract laboratories, laboratory partners, and other third parties; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 our ability to operate our laboratory facilities and meet expected demand, and to successfully scale our operations; our reliance on a limited number of suppliers, including sole source suppliers, which may impact our ability to maintain a continued supply of laboratory instruments and materials and to run our tests; our expectations of the rate of adoption of Panorama, Horizon and of any of our other current or future tests by laboratories, clinics, clinicians, payers, and patients; our ability to complete clinical studies and publish compelling clinical data in peer-reviewed medical publications regarding our current and future tests, and the effect of such data or publications on professional society or practice guidelines or coverage and reimbursement determinations from third-party payers, including our SMART and CIRCULATE-Japan studies and our ongoing and planned trials in oncology and organ health; our reliance on our partners to market and offer our tests in the United States and in international markets; our expectations regarding acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic transactions; our expectations regarding the conversion of our outstanding 2.25 convertible senior notes due 2027, or the Convertible Notes, in the aggregate principal amount of 287.5 million and our ability to make debt service payments under the Convertible Notes if such Convertible Notes are not converted; our ability to control our operating expenses and fund our working capital requirements; the factors that may impact our financial results; and anticipated trends and challenges in our business and the markets in which we operate. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this report speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Except as required by law, we disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS The below is a summary of principal risks to our business and risks associated with ownership of our stock. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in their entirety for additional information regarding the material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 if we are unable to increase demand for our tests in particular Panorama and Horizon, which together represent the majority of our revenues obtain favorable coverage and reimbursement determinations from third-party payers, and expand geographically, our business will be harmed; Panorama may not be adopted for broader use for the screening of microdeletions, or third-party payer reimbursement may not be available for this testing; if we are not successful in our efforts to develop additional revenue opportunities and expand our product offerings to include new tests, including in oncology and organ health, our business and prospects, as well as our stock price, will be adversely affected; we have incurred net losses since our inception, and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future; we have incurred substantial indebtedness that may decrease our business flexibility, access to capital, and/or increase our borrowing costs, which may adversely affect our operations and financial results; our quarterly results may fluctuate from period to period, which could adversely impact the value of our common stock; competition in our industry is intense, and if we are unable to complete successfully with respect to our current or future products or services, we may be unable to increase or sustain our revenues or achieve profitability; 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 our estimates of the total addressable markets for our current and potential product offerings may turn out to be inaccurate, or the markets for our tests may not grow as we expect; we may be unable to obtain, maintain or expand third-party payer coverage of, and reimbursement for, our tests; if we are not successful in our research and development or clinical development activities, including clinical trials and publication of compelling data, our ability to commercialize our products, and therefore our competitive position, will be adversely impacted; our strategic or commercial partnerships, such as our agreements with BGI Genomics Co., Ltd., Foundation Medicine, Inc., and our pharmaceutical partners, may not be successful, and we may be unable to enter into additional partnerships in the future; we operate in a crowded technology area in which there has been substantial litigation and other proceedings regarding patent and other intellectual property rights, and we may fail to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property relating to our tests, or fail to defend against infringement claims brought against us by other parties; we rely on a limited number of suppliers, including sole source suppliers, which may impact our ability to maintain a continued supply of laboratory instruments and materials and to run our tests; we have experienced rapid growth, particularly in recent years, and may be unable to successfully scale our operations, which could harm our business and results of operations; we may engage in acquisitions, dispositions or other strategic transactions that could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders or reduce our financial resources; third-party payers, such as commercial health insurers and government insurance programs, may decide not to reimburse our existing or future products, may set the amounts of any reimbursements at prices that do not allow us to cover our expenses or may otherwise adopt policies and procedures that restrict or harm our business; and difficult macroeconomic conditions may have an adverse effect on our business. As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms Natera, Registrant, Company, we, us, and our mean Natera, Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. BUSINESS Note: A glossary of terms used in this Form 10-K appears at the end of this Item 1. Overview We are a diagnostics company with proprietary molecular and bioinformatics technology that we are applying to change the management of disease worldwide. Our cell-free DNA, or cfDNA, technology combines our novel molecular assays, which reliably measure many informative regions across the genome from samples as small as a single cell, with our statistical algorithms which incorporate data available from the broader scientific community to identify genetic variations covering a wide range of serious conditions with high accuracy and coverage. We aim to make personalized genetic testing and diagnostics part of the standard of care to protect health and inform earlier and more targeted interventions that help lead to longer, healthier lives. Our initial focus was in the women s health space, in which we develop and commercialize non- or minimally- invasive tests to evaluate risk for, and thereby enable early detection of, a wide range of genetic conditions, such as Down syndrome. Our technology is now also being proven in the oncology market, in which we are commercializing, among others, a personalized blood-based DNA test to detect molecular residual disease, or MRD, and monitor for disease recurrence, as well as in the organ health market, with tests to assess organ transplant rejection. Since 2009, we have launched a comprehensive suite of products to improve patient care outcomes in women s health, oncology and organ health. We intend to continue to enhance our existing products, expand our product portfolio and launch new products in the future. We seek to enable even wider adoption of our technology through our global cloud-based distribution model. In addition to our direct sales force in the United States, we have a global network of over 100 laboratory and distribution partners, including many of the largest international laboratories. We are committed to generating peer-reviewed clinical evidence for our tests, and have published over 75 publications in women s health, 40 in oncology, and over 20 in organ health. We launched Panorama, our non-invasive prenatal test, or NIPT, in 2013 and have since gone from being the fourth company to enter the NIPT market to being the market leader by volume in the United States. We launched our Horizon carrier screening test in 2012. Panorama and Horizon together represent a majority of our revenues. Our revenues were 820.2 million in 2022 compared to 625.5 million in 2021 and 391.0 million in 2020. Our product revenues, which are primarily generated from testing in women s health, were 797.3 million, 580.1 million, and 377.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Our net losses increased to 547.8 million in 2022, from 471.7 million in 2021 and 229.7 million in 2020. We processed approximately 2.1 million tests in 2022, compared to approximately 1.6 million tests in 2021 and 1.0 million tests in 2020. We are headquartered in Austin, Texas, and our laboratory facilities are located in Austin, Texas and San Carlos, California. Our Solution In women s health, oncology and organ health, the use of blood-based tests offers significant advantages over older and more invasive methods, but the significant technological challenge is that such testing often requires the measurement of very small amounts of relevant genetic material fetal DNA in reproductive health, tumor DNA in oncology, and donor DNA in transplant rejection circulating within a much larger blood sample. Our approach combines proprietary molecular biology and computational techniques to measure genomic variations in tiny amounts of DNA, as small as a single cell; our core technology has, to date, been proven across these three diverse fields of women s health, oncology and organ health. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 DNA is a naturally occurring information storage system that conveys genetic inheritance. DNA stores information in a linear sequence of the chemical bases adenine, cytosine, guanine and thymine, represented by the symbols A, C, G, and T. Billions of bases of A, C, G, and T link together inside living cells to form the genome, which can be read like a code or a molecular blueprint for life. While differences in the specific sequence and structure of this code drive biological diversity, certain variations can also cause disease. Examples of genetic diversity include CNVs and SNVs. A CNV is a genetic mutation in which relatively large regions of the genome have been deleted or duplicated, and an SNV is a mutation where a single base has changed. When single base changes are common in the population, that position on the chromosome, or loci, is called a single nucleotide polymorphism, or SNP. Our molecular biology techniques are based on measuring thousands of SNPs simultaneously using massively multiplexed polymerase chain reaction, or mmPCR, to multiplex, or target, many thousands of regions of the genome simultaneously in a single test reaction. Our method avoids losing molecules, which can happen when samples are split into separate reaction tubes, so that all relevant variants can be detected. To make sense of the resulting deep and rich set of biological data and deliver a test result, we have developed computationally intensive algorithms that combine the data generated by mmPCR with our internal databases and the vast and growing sources of publicly available genomic information to build highly detailed models of the genomic regions of interest. Our technologies allow us to achieve a high signal-to-noise ratio when detecting fragments of DNA at frequencies as low as a single copy, which allows us to deliver tests with a high degree of specificity and sensitivity. Furthermore, our tests can be applied to assess a range of conditions and disease types, including common fetal aneuploidies, microdeletions, triploidy, and inherited genetic conditions that could be passed on from parent to child; a growing number of cancer types; and rejection of heart, lung, and kidney transplants. We believe our approach represents a fundamental advance in molecular biology. In women s health, this approach is distinct from the approach employed with other commercially available NIPTs, which use first-generation quantitative , or counting, methods to compare the relative number of sequence reads from a chromosome of interest to a reference chromosome. Based on data published in the journals Obstetrics Gynecology , American Journal of Obstetrics Gynecology , Prenatal Diagnosis , and others, we believe Panorama is the most accurate NIPT commercially available in the United States. In oncology, with our Signatera circulating tumor DNA, or ctDNA, test that is custom designed for, informed by and specific to, the tumor DNA for each patient, we have demonstrated the ability to detect ctDNA with a high degree of sensitivity and specificity. In organ health, we have demonstrated the ability of our technology to measure the fraction of cell-free DNA that is donor-derived, or dd-cfDNA, which is DNA that is shed from a transplanted organ into circulation, each demonstrating a high area under the curve, or AUC, in validation studies in each of heart, lung, and kidney. Our technology is compatible with standard equipment used globally and a range of next generation sequencing, or NGS, platforms, and we have optimized our algorithms to enable laboratories around the world to run tests locally and access our algorithms in the cloud using our Constellation platform. We sell our tests directly and partner with other clinical laboratories to distribute our tests globally. Currently, all of our products other than our Constellation cloud software product are laboratory developed tests, or LDTs. We perform commercial testing in our CLIA-certified laboratories. Women s Health We provide testing to support a spectrum of women s health needs, from family planning and prenatal testing to hereditary cancer screening. Panorama Panorama, our NIPT, helps physicians assess the risk of fetal genetic abnormalities by non-invasively screening for fetal chromosomal abnormalities, including Down syndrome, Edwards syndrome, Patau syndrome, Turner syndrome and triploidy, which often result in intellectual disability, severe organ abnormalities and miscarriage. Panorama can also identify fetal sex for single birth pregnancies as well as of each fetus in twin pregnancies. Panorama demonstrates the capabilities of our technology by employing our fundamentally unique approach of simultaneously measuring thousands 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 of SNPs in a single test reaction to identify genetic variations in fetal DNA with a high degree of specificity and sensitivity, which we believe can give patients and their physicians a greater degree of comfort in choosing to forego unnecessary invasive procedures, limiting the resulting risk of spontaneous miscarriage associated with invasive procedures and lowering the total cost to the healthcare system of these procedures. Furthermore, with recent technological advances validated in our SNP-based Microdeletions and Aneuploidy RegisTry (SMART) study described below, Panorama leverages artificial intelligence to enable highly accurate results on samples for which a result would otherwise be difficult to determine. Panorama screens for common genetic conditions that affect both high-risk pregnancies, where maternal age is 35 years or older and which we estimate represent approximately 800,000 of the approximately 4.4 million pregnancies in the United States, and average-risk pregnancies, which we estimate represent approximately 3.6 million pregnancies in the United States. Panorama is performed on a maternal blood sample and can be performed as early as nine weeks into a pregnancy, which is significantly earlier than traditional methods, such as serum protein measurement whereby doctors measure the presence and amount of certain hormones in the blood. Panorama starts with a simple blood draw from the mother, either in a doctor s office, in a laboratory or through a phlebotomist that travels to the patient, and the sample is sent to one of our CLIA-certified and CAP-accredited laboratories for processing. After Panorama generates its result, we provide the doctor or the laboratory with a report showing whether there is a high risk or low risk that abnormalities are present in the fetus. The analytic and clinical validity of our technology demonstrated in NIPT has been described in more peer-reviewed publications covering more patients than our competitors. Based on data published in Prenatal Diagnosis , Fetal Diagnosis and Therapy , Obstetrics Gynecology , and the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology , Panorama demonstrated greater than 99 overall sensitivity for aneuploidies on chromosomes 13 and 21 and triploidy and 98.2 sensitivity on chromosome 18, and specificity of greater than 99 for each disorder tested which we believe makes it overall the most accurate NIPT commercially available in the United States. A paper published in Obstetrics Gynecology reported that Panorama had a statistically significant lower false positive rate than other NIPT methods practiced by our U.S. competitors. Based on data published in Obstetrics Gynecology , Prenatal Diagnosis , and American Journal of Obstetrics Gynecology , we have also demonstrated the ability to identify fetal sex more accurately than competing NIPTs. This is partially a result of Panorama s unique ability to detect a vanishing twin, which is a known driver of fetal sex errors with quantitative methods used by our competitors. The American Journal of Obstetrics Gynecology noted that the ability of Panorama to identify additional fetal haplotypes is expected to result in fewer false positive calls and prevent incorrect fetal sex calls. A study reporting on the use of Panorama in over 30,000 women, published in the American Journal of Obstetrics Gynecology , supported the use of NIPT as a first-line screening test for aneuploidy. Our Panorama microdeletions panel screens for five of the most common genetic diseases caused by microdeletions 22q11.2 deletion syndrome (DiGeorge syndrome), 1p36 deletion, Angelman syndrome, Cri-du-chat syndrome and Prader-Willi syndrome. 22q11.2 deletion syndrome can also be screened as an individual add-on without the other four microdeletions on the panel. Microdeletions are missing sub-chromosomal pieces of DNA, and can have serious health implications depending on the location of the deletion. Unlike Down syndrome, where the risk increases with maternal age, the risk of these five microdeletions is independent of maternal age. Based on data published in Prenatal Diagnosis and American Journal of Obstetrics Gynecology , the combined prevalence of these targeted microdeletions is approximately one in 1,000 pregnancies, which collectively makes them more common than Down syndrome for women approximately 28 years of age or younger. Diseases caused by microdeletions are often not detected via common screening techniques such as ultrasound or hormone-based screening, yet the presence of a microdeletion can critically impact postnatal treatment. For example, when learning prior to birth that a newborn has 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, doctors will know to monitor the infant and administer calcium if needed to avoid seizures and permanent cognitive impairment, and will know to avoid administering routine vaccinations due to the immunodeficiency frequently associated with this condition. Panorama has demonstrated best-in-class performance in screening for microdeletions, achieving sensitivity of over 93 for all five of the microdeletions screened. In particular, the most common microdeletion 22q11.2 deletion syndrome was a focus of our SMART observational study, which evaluated the performance of SNP-based NIPT for 22q11.2 deletion syndrome by tracking birth outcomes in the general population among over 18,000 women who presented 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 clinically and elected Panorama microdeletions and aneuploidy screening as part of their routine care. A key finding from the SMART study, published in American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology in January 2022, was a higher-than-expected prevalence of 22q11.2 deletion syndrome of one in 1,524 pregnancies in the study cohort. In that study, Panorama demonstrated sensitivity of 83 , clinical PPV of approximately 53 , and a false positive rate of 0.05 for 22q11.2 deletion syndrome using our updated artificial intelligence algorithm. Panorama is also the only commercially available NIPT for twin pregnancies that can distinguish between each twin s DNA, and therefore can determine zygosity, or whether the twins are identical or fraternal, and the fetal sex of each twin. Determining zygosity early in a pregnancy can help guide the management of a pregnancy, as certain monozygotic, or identical twin, pregnancies are at higher risk for various complications such as twin-twin transfusion syndrome, where there is an unequal sharing of blood, and therefore unequal growth, between the twins. Panorama screens twin pregnancies for Down, Edwards and Patau syndromes and, for identical twins, Turner syndrome and 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, among others. In validation studies, Panorama identified identical twins with over 99 sensitivity and specificity and achieved a combined sensitivity of over 99 and specificity of over 99 for Down, Edwards and Patau syndromes in twin pregnancies. Panorama has demonstrated substantial commercial success to date. We believe our test performance including our continuous research, development and innovation to improve performance and efficiency has allowed us to command a price premium compared to low-cost NIPTs while continuing to maintain growth in volume and revenue from Panorama. Horizon Our Horizon carrier screening test helps individuals and couples determine if they are carriers of genetic variations that cause certain genetic conditions. Depending on the condition, if one or both parents are carriers, it could result in a child affected with the condition. Many people do not know they are a carrier for an inherited genetic condition until they have an affected child. These conditions are often rare and usually there is no family history, and although certain conditions are more common in certain ethnic groups, ethnicity may not be a reliable predictor of carrier status, as patients are increasingly of mixed or uncertain ethnicities. The industry s approach to carrier screening has accordingly evolved over time, from screening targeting specific ethnicities with a higher incidence of screened conditions, to pan-ethnic screening for certain conditions based on incidence and clinical utility, and most recently to expanded screening for many conditions simultaneously. Horizon was created based on recommended screening guidelines from ACOG, ACMG, and the Victor Center for the Prevention of Jewish Genetic Diseases. Horizon screens for more than 200 inherited conditions, including Cystic Fibrosis, Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, or DMD, Spinal Muscular Atrophy, Fragile X Syndrome and other conditions. The sample required for Horizon can be obtained simultaneously with the sample required for Panorama, which makes it easier for us to offer, and for patients to take, both tests. Horizon employs various methodologies to analyze the DNA from the individual s blood or saliva sample to determine if the individual is a carrier for the genetic conditions being screened. These methodologies include next generation sequencing to detect single nucleotide variants, insertions and deletions, and copy number changes, and PCR fragment analysis to detect certain genetic variants. Other women s health products While Panorama and Horizon represent a majority of our women s health revenues, we offer a portfolio of tests addressing reproductive and women s health. Our Vistara single-gene NIPT screens for 25 single-gene disorders that cause severe skeletal, cardiac and neurological conditions which affect quality of life, are often associated with cognitive disabilities and could benefit from medical and/or surgical intervention. The conditions screened by Vistara have a combined incidence of approximately 1 in 600, which is higher than that of Down syndrome as well as Cystic Fibrosis; however, these conditions may otherwise go undetected until after birth or into childhood as traditional NIPTs do not screen for these conditions, prenatal ultrasound findings are not a reliable indicator, and family history is not a good indicator of risk for these conditions, which are commonly caused by new, and not inherited, mutations. Screening for these conditions early in a pregnancy can facilitate early diagnosis, enable patients to be referred to MFMs and other specialists for targeted evaluations, to guide labor and delivery management, and to allow families to mobilize resources, 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 ask questions and anticipate future needs. We have received a CE Mark for Vistara from the European Commission. In validation studies, Vistara demonstrated a combined analytical sensitivity and analytical specificity of greater than 99 . Spectrum, our preimplantation genetic tests for couples undergoing IVF, can improve the chance of a successful pregnancy while reducing the chance of miscarriage or of having a child with a chromosomal condition, by helping to identify the healthiest embryos during an IVF cycle. In particular, aneuploidy is common in human embryos particularly as women age and is the primary cause of failed IVF. In a study published in April 2018, a retrospective analysis of pregnancy outcomes demonstrated that use of Spectrum during IVF led to increased rates of implantation, clinical pregnancy, and live births. Spectrum incorporates our proprietary technology to confirm parentage, determine the parental origin of the chromosomal abnormality, and further screen for uniparental disomy, in which two copies of a chromosome come from the same parent. Anora, our products of conception, or POC, test, analyzes miscarriage tissue from women who have experienced one or more pregnancy losses to determine whether there was an underlying chromosomal reason for the loss. Anora can detect trisomy, triploidy, extra or missing chromosome pieces, and uniparental disomy. The Anora test is helpful to obstetricians, gynecologists and IVF physicians in supporting their patients reproductive goals. Anora can help couples understand the likelihood of another miscarriage, their future reproductive options, and whether there are any steps that could help them avoid a miscarriage in future pregnancies. Empower, our hereditary cancer screening test, screens for certain genes associated with increased risk for common hereditary cancers, such as breast, ovarian, endometrial, and colorectal cancers. Information from the test can lead to earlier detection of cancer, identify cancer risk-reducing strategies, inform surgical and therapeutic decisions following a cancer diagnosis, and provide an opportunity to notify family members who may be at similar risk for hereditary cancer. Our non-invasive prenatal paternity product allows a couple to safely establish paternity without waiting for the child to be born. Testing can be done as early as nine weeks of gestation using a blood draw from the pregnant mother and alleged father. Our internal data indicates that the accuracy of this test is greater than 99.99 . We have licensed this technology to a third party to perform the test in its clinical laboratory. Oncology In oncology, we have been initially focused on detecting molecular residual disease, which we refer to as MRD, and recurrence monitoring in solid tumors, where we have generated data in over a dozen different cancer types and have published data in, among others, colorectal, bladder, breast, and lung cancer, as well as multiple myeloma and other tumor types. Molecular residual disease is the presence of small traces of cancer in the blood, such as ctDNA or microscopic pieces of tumor DNA that are often undetectable with standard imaging techniques. If left untreated, residual cancer cells can multiply and cause recurrence. MRD testing and molecular monitoring offers the potential for physicians to change or escalate treatment in patients who are MRD-positive, and to de-escalate or avoid unnecessary treatment in patients who are MRD-negative. It also holds potential as a surrogate endpoint in clinical trials. Based on our internal estimates, we believe that the total addressable market in the United States for recurrence and treatment monitoring for solid tumor cancers is over 15 billion. Signatera Signatera is our personalized ctDNA blood test for MRD assessment and surveillance of disease recurrence in patients previously diagnosed with cancer. Each patient receives a custom assay that tracks the presence of 16 tumor-specific clonal mutations that are selected based on the unique mutational signature found in that patient s tumor tissue, which is intended to maximize accuracy for detecting the presence or absence of residual disease in a blood sample, even at variant allele frequency, or VAF, of mutations as low as 0.01 in the blood. We believe this tumor-informed approach is optimal in the MRD setting, in which it is common for tumor DNA to be present only at low frequencies immediately after treatment. Unlike static liquid biopsy panels (also known as therapy selection or comprehensive genomic profiling, or CGP, which screen for a generic set of mutations independent of an individual s tumor, Signatera is not intended to 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 match patients with any particular therapy. Rather, it is intended to detect and assess how much cancer is left in the body (offering both a qualitative and quantitative measurement), detect recurrence earlier, and help optimize treatment decisions. Signatera can detect residual disease earlier than clinical or radiological recurrence in patients with solid tumors who have received treatment. We launched Signatera in 2017 for research use only to cancer researchers and biopharmaceutical companies. Signatera was commercially launched in 2019 for clinical use as an LDT in our own CLIA-certified and CAP-accredited laboratory. We have received a final Medicare local coverage determination, or LCD, for the use of Signatera in patients with certain forms of colorectal cancer. We have also received a final Medicare LCD for the use of Signatera in immunotherapy response monitoring for all tumor types in any patient for whom immunotherapy is indicated; this LCD is also foundational, creating a pathway for coverage of the use of Signatera in additional solid tumor types and indications, where it is clinically validated with peer-reviewed evidence and where the clinical utility is established. In 2022, we received a coverage expansion under this foundational LCD, for Signatera for muscle invasive bladder cancer. In February 2023, we received coverage for Signatera for adjuvant and recurrence monitoring in advanced breast cancer. In addition, Signatera has been granted Breakthrough Device Designations by the FDA covering its use in various applications. Signatera has been shown in various clinical studies including 40 peer-reviewed publications to identify MRD significantly earlier than standard diagnostic tools, and that Signatera test status is a significant indicator of long-term patient outcomes after surgery and treatment, relative to other clinical and pathological factors. In particular, we have demonstrated in studies across multiple tumor types, including colon, breast, lung and bladder, that a positive Signatera test result, without further treatment, has predicted relapse with an overall PPV of over 98 . Furthermore, a study published in Clinical Cancer Research demonstrated the ability of Signatera to assess the rate of change in quantity over time, or velocity, of ctDNA in early-stage colorectal cancer patients, providing additional information that may be used to predict patient survival and outcomes, further stratify MRD-positive patients, and inform disease management. We are continuing to generate data, building evidence of the clinical validity and utility of the test across multiple cancer types and in collaboration with leading universities and cancer centers, NIH s National Cancer Institute, or NCI, non-profit cancer research groups, and pharmaceutical companies. Altera We have also expanded our efforts in oncology into therapy selection, which based on our internal estimates represents an approximate 6.0 billion market opportunity. We have launched Altera, our tissue based comprehensive genomic profiling test that provides insight into genomic alterations and biomarkers found in a patient s tumor, supporting treatment decisions and therapy selection by prioritizing potentially beneficial therapies based on the patient s tumor biomarkers and cancer type. Altera can be ordered as a stand-alone test, as well as in conjunction with our Signatera MRD test to combine therapy selection with ongoing monitoring. Empower We offer Empower, our hereditary cancer test, to oncologists, in addition to physicians through our women s health commercial channel. Because Empower screens for genetic mutations in genes that are associated with increased risk of certain hereditary cancers, information from the test can help determine if a patient who has been diagnosed with such a cancer is a carrier of a mutation associated with their cancer. This can inform surgical and therapeutic decisions, as well as provide an opportunity to notify family members who may be at similar risk for hereditary cancer. Organ Health Prospera We began commercializing our first offering in organ health in 2020, with the launch of our Prospera Kidney test to assess active rejection in patients who have undergone kidney transplantation by measuring the fraction of dd-cfDNA in the recipient s blood, which can spike relative to background cfDNA when the transplanted organ is injured due to 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 immune rejection. In 2021 we launched our Prospera Heart and Prospera Lung tests, which use the same core technology to assess heart and lung transplants, respectively. The current tools for assessing organ transplant rejection are either invasive (biopsies) or inaccurate (serum creatinine for kidney transplants, for example), resulting in an unmet need for better diagnostic tools to monitor for allograft rejection and improve patient management and outcomes. Many patients are still subjected to unnecessary biopsies, while other patients remain undiagnosed in the case of subclinical rejection, which can increase the risk of graft failure. Our Prospera test is designed for use by physicians to help rule in or rule out active rejection when evaluating the need for diagnostic testing or the results of an invasive biopsy, and thereby potentially lowering the overall costs associated with transplant care and improving graft survival. We received a final Medicare LCD for Prospera Kidney in December 2019, covering all kidney transplant recipients, including those with multiple kidney transplants. Based on our internal estimates, we believe the total addressable market in the United States for tests such as ours that assess kidney, heart and lung transplant rejection is approximately 3.0 billion. Our clinical validation study for Prospera Kidney, conducted in collaboration with the University of California, San Francisco, a recognized leader in transplantation care, and published in the Journal of Clinical Medicine, demonstrated 89 sensitivity in detecting active rejection, with specificity of 73 , based on a cutoff of 1 dd-cfDNA. The assay performed particularly well in detecting T-cell mediated rejection (TCMR) and subclinical rejection, both of which we believe are areas of unmet need. In our clinical validation study for Prospera Heart, published in the Journal of Heart and Lung Transplantation , the test exhibited an overall AUC of 0.86 for identifying acute rejection. Our Prospera Lung test also exhibited strong performance in our clinical validation study, published in Transplant Direct , distinguishing antibody mediated and acute cellular rejection from stable patients with an AUC of 0.91, as well as distinguishing organ injury including acute rejection, chronic rejection and infection (which can be more challenging) from stable patients with an AUC of 0.76. Furthermore, our Prospera Kidney test has demonstrated excellent performance in an analytical validation study that included donor-recipient pairs that were related, such as parents or siblings. Related-donor cases are challenging because it is technically difficult to differentiate between DNA patterns of close relatives; however, we were able to achieve a high degree of accuracy by leveraging our experience with SNP-based methods in the reproductive health setting. This is promising for the estimated 52 of live kidney donations that are from a biological relative of the patient. Furthermore, we recently launched an update to Prospera Kidney to further improve test performance by reporting, in addition to the fraction of dd-cfDNA, the quantity of dd-cfDNA and total cfDNA; in a study published in the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology of 41 kidney transplant patients, incorporating these additional two metrics improved the sensitivity of the Prospera test from detecting 7/9 cases of active rejection to detecting 9/9 cases. As with oncology, we are continuing to generate data in multiple clinical studies designed to demonstrate clinical utility and other benefits of our Prospera test, including for patients with multiple organ transplants. Renasight We offer Renasight, our kidney gene panel test to determine if there may be a genetic cause for an individual s chronic kidney disease, or CKD, or increased hereditary risk for kidney disease due to family history. The test uses a blood or saliva sample to test over 380 genes associated with CKD, ranging from common inherited kidney disorders to more rare conditions. Results from our Renasight test may provide valuable information to help manage CKD in a patient, such as identifying the cause of the disease and helping to predict its progression, or informing more tailored interventions and treatments. Constellation Our Constellation software forms the core of our cloud-based distribution model. Through this model, we have been able to expand access to our molecular and bioinformatics capabilities worldwide, enabling laboratories, under a license from us, to run the molecular workflows themselves and then access our computation-intensive bioinformatics algorithms through Constellation, which runs in the cloud, to analyze the results. We currently have licensing contracts with various laboratories in the United States and internationally who are using our Constellation platform commercially in NIPT and in prenatal paternity testing, and we may expand this distribution model to other products in the future. We 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 also leverage Constellation to perform our internal commercial laboratory activities and research and development of our products. We have received CE Marks from the European Commission for our Constellation software and for the key reagents that our laboratory licensees use to run their NIPT test prior to accessing our Constellation software. These CE Marks enable us to offer Constellation in the European Union and other countries that accept a CE Mark. We are pursuing other regulatory approvals, as needed, to allow the international roll out of Constellation in regions that do not accept a CE Mark. Commercial Capabilities We have established a broad distribution channel, comprising our direct sales efforts and, for our women s health and Signatera products, a worldwide network of over 100 laboratory and distribution partners. Our own direct sales force and managed care teams anchor our commercial engagement with physicians, laboratory partners, and payers, and sell directly to MFMs, OB/GYNs, physicians or physician practices, IVF centers, transplant centers, or integrated health systems. We strive to offer an excellent customer and patient experience through our field sales reps, medical science liaisons and medical affairs, and customer service and mobile phlebotomy offering. Where possible, we aim to maximize sales opportunities by educating the physician practices on the benefits of combining complementary tests from our portfolio of products. For example, in women s health, Panorama NIPT, our Panorama microdeletions panel, Vistara single-gene NIPT, and Horizon together can provide valuable information for pregnant women who have not had a carrier screen at the time they are ready to have an NIPT performed; these tests can all be run using one blood draw from the mother and can be ordered on one requisition form and with one shipment of the patient s samples by the physician. Also, because of the importance and demand for screening for 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, we have made that feature available as part of our basic Panorama panel, or as part of a broader microdeletions panel. In the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately three-quarters of customers who ordered the basic Panorama panel directly from us also ordered screening for 22q11.2 deletion syndrome or the full microdeletions panel, and approximately one-third of customers who ordered Panorama directly from us also ordered Horizon carrier screening. In addition to our sales force, we market to physicians through channels and media, such as clinical journals, educational webinars, at conferences and tradeshows, and e-mail and social media marketing campaigns. While we currently do not sell directly to patients, we do engage in brand awareness campaigns directed at patients to highlight our products. Our marketing and medical science liaison teams work extensively with key opinion leaders in the women s health, oncology and organ health fields. Our partners capabilities augment our direct sales capabilities, and where we have identified laboratory or distribution partners who share our focus on premium quality and service, we also contract with them to distribute our tests. In NIPT, we have partnered with leading academic and commercial laboratories and hospital systems in the United States given their relationships with MFMs and OB/GYNs, large distribution capabilities, and commercial infrastructure. These distribution partners also frequently have in-network contracts with key third-party payers. Outside of the United States, where our products are sold in over 80 countries, we currently sell predominantly through partner laboratories. Enhanced User Experience NateraCore is our suite of resources designed to enhance the patient and provider experience. Through this platform, we provide patient and provider educational materials, information about insurance coverage and test costs, test and phlebotomy, or blood draw, ordering capabilities, test results reporting, and next steps, in each case as applicable to a particular patient or test. These resources make available a completely remote testing option for patients, fulfilled through our online tools combined with a nationwide mobile phlebotomy network whereby a patient can request and schedule a phlebotomist visit at the patient s home or office. This capability proved to be especially important during the COVID-19 pandemic, enabling continuity of care for all patients despite pandemic-related restrictions and shutdowns, and particularly for those who may be immunocompromised or immune-suppressed. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 We have also created provider portals that enable physicians to easily complete various tasks online such as electronic ordering and tracking tests, managing patient consents and results, accessing billing and other documentation, connecting with genetic counselors and other support, and ordering supplies and educational materials. We also provide a service to integrate with our customers Electronic Medical Records, or EMR, systems to provide physicians a seamless experience of ordering tests and reviewing patient test results directly through their EMR systems. We have an internal team of board-certified genetic counselors to support patients with pre- and post-test genetic information sessions, and physicians should they have any questions or require any support in interpreting the results. In addition to our mobile phlebotomy service, we have a network of over 2,000 phlebotomy centers across the United States. Competition The markets in which we operate are characterized by innovation and rapid change, and we primarily face competition from various companies that develop and commercialize molecular diagnostic tests in women s health, oncology, and organ transplant rejection. Our competitors in the NIPT space include Sequenom, Inc., or Sequenom, which was acquired by Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings, or LabCorp; Illumina, through its subsidiary Verinata; Myriad Genetics, Inc., which acquired Counsyl, Inc.; Invitae Corp.; Quest Diagnostics Incorporated, or Quest; Premaitha Health PLC; BGI; Bio-Reference, a business unit of OPKO Health, Inc. and which acquired Ariosa, Inc.; NxGen; BillionToOne Inc.; PerkinElmer Inc.; and Ambry Genetics, a subsidiary of Konica Minolta. We also compete against companies providing carrier screening tests such as LabCorp; Myriad Genetics, Inc.; Invitae Corp.; BillionToOne Inc.; Quest; NxGen; Ambry Genetics; and GenPath Diagnostics, a business unit of Bio-Reference. Each of these companies offers comprehensive carrier screening panels. In the field of ctDNA-based MRD assessment and recurrence surveillance, we compete with various companies that offer or seek to offer competing solutions, such as Roche Diagnostics, Guardant Health, Inc., Adaptive Biotechnologies, Personal Genome Diagnostics, Inc., a subsidiary of Labcorp, one of our primary competitors in both NIPT and carrier screening, Exact Sciences Corp., Inivata, Inc ., a subsidiary of NeoGenomics, Inc. , and ArcherDX, Inc., which has been acquired by Invitae Corp., one of our primary competitors in both NIPT and carrier screening. In organ health, our competitors include CareDx, Inc. and Eurofins Viracor, Inc. We expect additional competition as other established and emerging companies enter these markets, including through business combinations, and as new tests and technologies are introduced. These competitors could have greater technological, financial, reputational and market access resources than us. We believe the principal competitive factors in our molecular diagnostic testing markets include the following: test performance, as demonstrated in clinical and analytical studies and clinical trials as well as in commercial experience; comprehensiveness of coverage and ease of use, including user experience for both patients and providers; value of product offerings, including pricing and impact on other healthcare spending; scope and extent of reimbursement and payer coverage; effectiveness of sales and marketing efforts; breadth of distribution of products and partnership base; 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 reputation among patients and providers for development and introduction of new, innovative products; operational execution, including test turn-around time and test failures; key opinion leader support; and brand awareness. We believe that we compare favorably against our competitors based on various key differentiators, including in particular: our core technology, which can be applied across a range conditions and disease types with a high degree of specificity and sensitivity; our continued investment in generating scientific data through clinical trials and publication in peer-reviewed studies; our strong commercial teams; and our user experience, including ease of use for patients through offerings such as mobile phlebotomy and for physicians through ordering efficiencies and EMR integrations, and patient and provider educational materials. Intellectual Property Our success and ability to compete depend in part on securing and preserving enforceable patent, trade secret, trademark and other intellectual property rights; operating without having competitors infringe, misappropriate or otherwise circumvent these rights; operating without infringing the proprietary rights of others; and obtaining and maintaining licenses for technology development and/or product commercialization. As of December 31, 2022, we held over 150 issued U.S. and foreign patents, which expire between November 2026 and February 2044, and over 220 pending U.S. and foreign patent applications. Our patents and patent applications relate generally to molecular diagnostics, and more specifically to biochemical and analytical techniques for obtaining and analyzing genetic information to detect genetic abnormalities in relatively small complex samples, such as cell free fetal DNA or circulating tumor DNA. We intend to seek patent protection as we develop new technologies and products in this area. We are or have recently been engaged in patent infringement lawsuits and other intellectual property disputes against various competitors in each of the industries in which we operate, some of which are infringement claims against us and some of which are claims we have asserted against third parties, as discussed in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies Legal Proceedings in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We may become subject to and/or initiate future intellectual property litigation as our product portfolio, and the level of competition in our industry segments, grow. The field of molecular diagnostics is complex and rapidly evolving, and we expect that we and others in our industry will continue to be subject to third-party infringement claims. Reimbursement We receive reimbursement for our tests from third-party payers, which includes commercial health insurers and government health benefits programs (such as Medicare and Medicaid). Laboratory tests, as with most other health care services, are classified for reimbursement purposes under a coding system known as Current Procedure Terminology, or CPT, which we and our customers must use to bill and receive reimbursement for our diagnostic tests. There are CPT codes associated with the particular tests that we provide to the patient, including for aneuploidies and microdeletions in NIPT, and for expanded carrier screening tests. Once the American Medical Association, or AMA, establishes a CPT code, 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, establishes payment levels and coverage rules under Medicare, while state Medicaid programs and commercial health plans establish rates and coverage rules independently in accordance with applicable rules. As such, the reimbursement rates for our diagnostic tests vary by third-party payer. CMS has established a pricing benchmark of 802 for aneuploidy and microdeletions testing, and approximately 2,450 for expanded carrier screening testing. The Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, or PAMA, introduced a multi-year pricing program and new payment methodology to calculate the rates for tests listed under the CLFS that are reimbursable by Medicare Part B. Under the new payment methodology, the Medicare Part B CLFS payment rate is derived from a volume-weighted median of private payer rates for tests. This requires an applicable laboratory to report to CMS the private payment rates and the volume of tests associated with each payment rate for a specific data reporting period. We are required under PAMA to report to CMS the private payment rates and the volume of tests which are covered under Medicare Part B. PAMA authorizes CMS to impose civil monetary penalties of up to 10,000 per day for each failure to report or each misrepresentation or omission in reporting of required information. We currently submit for reimbursement using CPT codes based on the guidance of coding experts and outside legal counsel. There is a risk that these codes may be rejected or withdrawn or that third-party payers will seek refunds of amounts that they claim were inappropriately billed to a specific CPT code or an incorrect diagnosis code. We do not currently have a specific CPT code assigned for all of our tests, and there is a risk that we may not be able to obtain specific codes for such tests, or if obtained, we may not be able to negotiate favorable rates for one or more of these codes. In particular, while we have obtained a CPT code for microdeletions and CMS has set a price for microdeletions testing, we have experienced low average reimbursement rates for microdeletions testing under this code, and we expect that this code will continue to cause our microdeletions reimbursement to remain low, at least in the near term, because third-party payers are declining to reimburse under the code or reimbursing at a low rate. The reimbursement rates for our broader Horizon screening panel have also declined as a result of the CPT code becoming effective in 2019, as carrier screening tests that had previously been reimbursed on a per-condition basis may be reimbursed as a combined single panel instead of as multiple individual tests. We continue to believe that growing recognition from professional societies of the importance of microdeletions testing, combined with the performance of our microdeletions test and additional validation data from our SMART study on the sensitivity and specificity of our tests, will help drive broader reimbursement in the future. Reimbursement by third-party payers may depend on a number of factors, including the payer s determination that tests using our technologies are: not experimental or investigational; medically necessary; demonstrated to lead to improved patient outcomes; appropriate for the specific patient; cost-saving or cost-effective; supported by peer-reviewed medical journals; and included in clinical guidelines. In making coverage determinations, third-party payers often rely on clinical guidelines issued by professional societies. NIPT has received positive coverage determinations for high-risk pregnancies and in such instances are reimbursed by most commercial health insurers, including United Healthcare, Aetna, Elevance Health (previously known as Anthem), Humana, Cigna and others. In recent years the reimbursement by third-party payers for use of NIPT for average-risk pregnancies has improved, as most professional societies now generally acknowledge that NIPT is the most sensitive screening option for, and/or are generally supportive of the use of NIPT in, average-risk pregnancies and high-risk pregnancies. Most commercial health insurers, as well as an increasing number of state Medicaid programs, have a positive coverage determination for NIPT for average-risk pregnancies. As of December 31, 2022, we and our laboratory distribution partners had in-network contracts with health plans that accounted for over 231 million covered lives in the United States. Our target markets for each of women s health, oncology and organ health represent a smaller subset of these covered lives, because our markets exclude certain populations who would not be users of our tests (for example, our target market for NIPT excludes men, children and post-menopausal women). 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Government Regulations Our business is subject to and impacted by extensive and frequently changing laws and regulations in the United States (at both the federal and state levels) and internationally. Some of these laws and regulations are particular to our laboratory business while others relate to conducting business generally (e.g., export controls laws, U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws of other jurisdictions). We also are subject to inspections, audits and other inquiries by certain federal and state governmental agencies. Set forth below are highlights of certain key regulatory frameworks applicable to our business. FDA In the United States, medical devices are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDC Act, and its implementing regulations, and other federal and state statutes and regulations. The laws and regulations govern, among other things, medical device development, testing, labeling, storage, premarket clearance, de novo classification or premarket approval, post-market requirements, labeling, advertising and promotion and product sales and distribution. Unless subject to an exemption, to be commercially distributed in the United States, medical devices must receive from the FDA prior to marketing, clearance of a 510(k) premarket notification submission , grant of a request for de novo classification, or approval of an application for premarket approval, or PMA. An in vitro diagnostic product, or IVD, is a type of medical device that is intended for use in the diagnosis of diseases or conditions, including a determination of the state of health, in order to cure, mitigate, treat, or prevent disease or its sequelae. IVDs comprise reagents, instruments, and systems intended for use in the collection, preparation and examination of specimens from the human body. IVDs can be used to detect the presence of certain chemicals, genetic information or other biomarkers related to health or disease. IVDs include tests for disease prediction, prognosis, diagnosis, and screening (e.g., carrier screening). A subset of IVDs are known as analyte specific reagents, or ASRs. An ASR is a single reagent (e.g., antibody, specific receptor protein, ligand, nucleic acid sequence) that, through specific binding or chemical reaction with substances in a specimen, is intended for use in a diagnostic application for the identification and quantification of an individual chemical substance in biological specimens. Most ASRs are exempt from the premarket review processes but must comply with general controls, as described below, including applicable provisions of the quality system regulation, or QSR. The FDC Act classifies medical devices into one of three categories based on the risks associated with the device and the level of control necessary to provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. Class I devices are deemed to be low risk and are subject to the fewest regulatory controls. Many Class I devices are exempt from FDA premarket review requirements. Class II devices, including some software products to the extent that they qualify as a device, are deemed to be moderate risk, and generally require 510(k) clearance. Class III devices are generally the highest risk devices and are subject to the highest level of regulatory control to provide reasonable assurance of the device s safety and effectiveness. Class III devices typically require a PMA by the FDA before they are marketed. A clinical trial is almost always required to support a PMA application and is sometimes required for 510(k) clearance. All clinical studies of investigational devices must be conducted in compliance with any applicable FDA and Institutional Review Board requirements. Devices that are exempt from FDA premarket review requirements must nonetheless comply with post-market general controls as described below, unless the FDA has chosen otherwise. Class III devices also include low or moderate risk for which a predicate device cannot be identified, as discussed below. 510(k) clearance pathway . To obtain 510(k) clearance, a manufacturer must submit a premarket notification demonstrating to the FDA s satisfaction that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed predicate device, which can be either a previously 510(k)-cleared device or a device that was in commercial distribution before May 28, 1976 for which the FDA has not called for submission of a PMA application. The FDA s 510(k) clearance pathway usually takes from three to 12 months from submission, but it can take longer, particularly for a novel type of product. PMA pathway . The PMA pathway requires valid scientific evidence demonstrating to the FDA s satisfaction the safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended use. The PMA pathway is costly, lengthy, and uncertain. A PMA application must provide extensive preclinical and clinical trial data as well as information about the device and its 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 components regarding, among other things, device design, manufacturing, and labeling. As part of its PMA review process, the FDA will typically inspect the manufacturer s facilities for compliance with QSR requirements, which impose extensive testing, control, documentation, and other quality assurance procedures. The PMA review process typically takes one to three years from submission but can take longer. De novo pathway . If no predicate device can be identified, a device is automatically classified as Class III, requiring a PMA application. However, the FDA on its own initiative or at the request of a manufacturer can reclassify as low- or moderate-risk device for which there is no predicate through the de novo classification process.. If the device is reclassified as Class II, the FDA will identify special controls that the manufacturer must implement, which may include labeling, performance standards or other requirements. Subsequent applicants can rely upon the de novo product as a predicate when submitting a 510(k) premarket notification, unless FDA exempts subsequent devices from the need for a 510(k). The de novo route is intended to be less burdensome than the PMA process. In October 2021, the FDA issued final regulations codifying FDA s expectations for de novo requests, which went into effect in January 2022. In October 2021, FDA also issued updated and final guidance on the de novo request and classification process, for the purpose of providing clarity and transparency regarding the de novo classification process. The de novo route has historically been used for many IVD products. Post-market general controls . After a device, including a device exempt from FDA premarket review, is placed on the market, numerous regulatory requirements apply. These include: the QSR, labeling regulations, registration and listing, the Medical Device Reporting regulation (which requires that manufacturers report to the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur), and the Reports of Corrections and Removals regulation (which requires manufacturers to report to the FDA corrective actions made to products in the field, or removal of products once in the field if such actions were initiated to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDC Act that presents a risk to health). The FDA enforces compliance with its requirements through inspection and market surveillance. If the FDA finds a violation, it can institute a wide variety of actions, ranging from issuing a Form 483 Notice of Inspectional Observations or sending an untitled or public warning letter to enforcement actions such as fines, injunctions, and civil penalties; recall or seizure of products; operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production; refusing requests for 510(k) clearance, de novo classification, or PMA approval of new products; withdrawing PMAs already granted; and criminal prosecution. For additional information, see Risk Factors Reimbursement and Regulatory Risks Related to Our Business . Research use only . Research use only, or RUO, products are exempt from FDA medical device requirements provided their manufacturers comply with specified labeling and restrictions on distribution and promotion. The products must bear the statement: For Research Use Only. Not for Use in Diagnostic Procedures. Manufacturers of RUO products cannot make any claims related to safety, effectiveness or diagnostic utility, and RUO products cannot be intended by the manufacturer for clinical diagnostic use. An RUO product promoted for diagnostic use may be viewed by the FDA as adulterated and misbranded under the FDC Act and the manufacturer of such product could be subject to FDA enforcement activities. Our LDTs use instruments and reagents labeled as RUO. Laboratory-developed tests . The FDA considers LDTs to be tests that are designed, developed, validated and used within a single laboratory. The FDA historically has taken the position that it has the authority to regulate such tests as medical devices under the FDC Act but has for the most part exercised enforcement discretion and has not required clearance, de novo classification, or approval of LDTs prior to marketing. In August 2020, the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, announced that FDA would not require premarket review of LDTs absent notice-and-comment rulemaking, and rescinded FDA guidance documents and other informal statements concerning premarket review of LDTs. The HHS announcement did not define the term LDT. In an accompanying FAQ document, HHS stated that, while LDTs are not subject to premarket review, FDA may still regulate LDTs under the Public Health Service Act. In November 2021, HHS withdrew its 2020 LDT policy, which allowed FDA to resume its historical approach to LDT oversight. FDA thereafter began requiring submission of emergency use 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 authorization, or EUA, requests, for COVID-19 LDTs. FDA has indicated that it may seek to increase its regulation of LDTs. In June 2021, Congress introduced legislation called the Verifying Accurate, Leading-edge IVCT Development Act, or VALID Act, which would have established a new risk-based regulatory framework for in vitro clinical tests, or IVCTs, a category that would have included IVDs, LDTs, collection devices, and instruments used with such tests. This legislation was not enacted during that session of Congress but could be introduced again in the future. In 2016, the 21st Century Cures Act, or the Cures Act, among other things, amended the medical device definition in the FDC Act to exclude certain software from FDA regulation, including clinical decision support, or CDS, software that meets certain criteria. Based on an FDA guidance document issued on September 28, 2022, the CDS exemption may not apply to Constellation. The final guidance interpreted the Cures Act more narrowly than did the draft guidance, which was issued on September 27, 2019. It is unclear how FDA will apply the guidance document to currently marketed software and to software that may be developed in the future. It is also unclear whether FDA will apply the final guidance to CDS software that is used by clinical laboratories as part of an LDT, since LDTs have historically been subject to FDA enforcement discretion. Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 and State Regulation As a clinical laboratory, we are required to hold certain federal and state licenses, certifications or permits to conduct our business. As to federal certifications, in 1988, Congress passed the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988, or CLIA, establishing more rigorous quality standards for all commercial laboratories that perform testing on human specimens for the purpose of providing information for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of disease or the assessment of the health or impairment of human beings. CLIA requires such laboratories to be certified by the federal government and mandates compliance with various operational, personnel, facility, administration, quality and proficiency testing requirements intended to ensure the accuracy, reliability and timeliness of patient test results. CLIA certification is also a prerequisite to be eligible to bill state and federal healthcare programs, as well as many commercial third-party payers, for laboratory testing services. Our laboratories located in Austin, Texas and in San Carlos, California are CLIA certified, and must comply with all applicable CLIA regulations and standards. If a clinical laboratory is found to be out of compliance with CLIA standards, CMS may impose sanctions; suspend, limit or revoke the laboratory s CLIA certificate (and prohibit the owner, operator or laboratory director from owning, operating, or directing a laboratory for two or more years following license revocation); subject the laboratory to a directed plan of correction, on-site monitoring, civil monetary penalties, civil actions for injunctive relief, criminal penalties; or suspension or exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. CLIA provides that a state may adopt laboratory licensure requirements and regulations that are more stringent than those under federal law, and requires compliance with such laws and regulations. A number of states have implemented their own more stringent laboratory regulatory requirements. State laws may require the laboratory to obtain state licensure and/or laboratory personnel to meet certain qualifications, specify certain quality control procedures or facility requirements, or prescribe record maintenance requirements. Moreover, several states impose the same or similar state requirements on out-of-state laboratory testing specimens collected or received from, or test results reported back to, residents within that state. Therefore, we are required to meet certain laboratory licensing requirements for those states in which we offer services or from which we accept specimens and that have adopted regulations beyond CLIA. For more information on state licensing requirements, see California Laboratory Licensing , New York Laboratory Licensing, and Other State Laboratory Licensing Laws. Our laboratories have each also been accredited by the College of American Pathologists, or CAP, which means that our laboratories have been certified as following CAP standards and guidelines in operating the laboratory facility and in performing tests that ensure the quality of our test results. California Laboratory Licensing 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 In addition to federal certification requirements for laboratories under CLIA, we are required under California law to maintain a California state license for both our San Carlos, California and Austin, Texas clinical laboratories, and to comply with California state laboratory laws and regulations, because our San Carlos facility is located in, and both facilities test specimens originating from, California. Similar to the federal CLIA regulations, the California state laboratory laws and regulations establish standards for the operation of a clinical laboratory and performance of test services, including the education and experience requirements of the laboratory director and personnel (including requirements for documentation of competency), equipment validations, and quality management practices. All testing personnel must maintain a California state license or be supervised by licensed personnel, and our laboratory director must maintain an additional license issued by the California Department of Public Health, or CDPH. Clinical laboratories are subject to both routine and complaint-initiated on-site inspections by the state. If a clinical laboratory is found to be out of compliance with California laboratory standards, the CDPH, may suspend, restrict or revoke the California state laboratory license to operate the clinical laboratory (and exclude persons or entities from owning, operating, or directing a laboratory for two years following license revocation), assess civil money penalties, and/or impose specific corrective action plans, among other sanctions. Clinical laboratories must also provide notice to CDPH of any changes in the ownership, directorship, name or location of the laboratory. Failure to provide such notification may result in revocation of the state license and sanctions under the CLIA certificate. Any revocation of a CLIA certificate or exclusion from participation in Medicare or Medicaid programs may also result in suspension of the California state laboratory license. New York Laboratory Licensing Because we test specimens in both our Austin, Texas and San Carlos, California laboratories originating from, and return test results to, New York State, both of our laboratories are required to obtain a New York state laboratory permit and comply with New York state laboratory laws and regulations. We maintain a valid permit in the State of New York for the respective molecular genetic testing services furnished by each of our Austin and San Carlos laboratories. The New York state laboratory laws, regulations and rules are equal to or more stringent than the CLIA regulations and establish standards for the operation of a clinical laboratory and performance of test services, including education and experience requirements of a laboratory director and personnel, physical requirements of a laboratory facility, equipment validations, and quality management practices. The laboratory director(s) must maintain a Certificate of Qualification issued by the New York State Department of Health, or DOH, in the permitted test categories. Our clinical laboratories are subject to proficiency testing and on-site survey inspections conducted by the Clinical Laboratory Evaluation Program, or CLEP, under the DOH. If a laboratory is found to be out of compliance with New York s CLEP standards, the DOH, may suspend, limit, revoke or annul the New York laboratory permit, censure the holder of the license or assess civil money penalties. Statutory or regulatory noncompliance may result in a laboratory s operator, owners and/or laboratory director being found guilty of a misdemeanor under New York law. Clinical laboratories must also provide notice to CLEP of any changes in ownership, directorship, name or location of the laboratory. Failure to provide such notification may result in revocation of the state license and sanctions under the CLIA certificate. Any revocation of a CLIA certificate or exclusion from participation in the Medicare or Medicaid programs may result in suspension of the New York laboratory permit. The DOH also must approve each LDT before the test is offered to patients located in New York. Each of our Austin and San Carlos clinical laboratories has received approval from New York s CLEP to offer our tests that are performed in those locations. Other State Laboratory Licensing Laws In addition to New York and California, certain other states require licensing of out-of-state laboratories under certain circumstances. We have obtained licenses in the states that we believe require us to do so, and believe we are in compliance with applicable state laboratory licensing laws, including Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island. The State of Texas does not impose state licensure or registration requirements upon an independent laboratory facility or collection station outside of maintaining CLIA certification. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Potential sanctions for violation of state statutes and regulations can include significant monetary fines, the rejection of license applications, the suspension or loss of various licenses, certificates and authorizations, and in some cases criminal penalties, which could harm our business. CLIA does not preempt state laws that have established laboratory quality standards that are more stringent than federal law. State Genetic Testing Laws Many states have implemented genetic testing and privacy laws imposing specific patient consent requirements and protecting test results. Under some state laws, we are prohibited from conducting genetic tests without appropriate documentation of patient (or parental/guardian) consent from the physician ordering the test. As discussed in more detail in Risk Factors Reimbursement and Regulatory Risks Related to our Business If the validity of an informed consent from a patient intake for Panorama or our other tests is challenged, we could be precluded from billing for such testing, forced to stop performing such tests, or required to repay amounts previously received, which would adversely affect our business and financial results , while we rely on physicians to obtain the required patient consent to perform genetic testing, the regulatory burden may be deemed to be our responsibility and such consents, or our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, could be challenged. Requirements of these laws and penalties for violations vary widely from state to state. HIPAA and Other Privacy Laws The privacy and security regulations under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, establish uniform standards governing the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and require certain entities, called covered entities, to comply with standards that include the privacy and security of protected health information, or PHI. HIPAA further requires business associates of covered entities independent contractors or agents of covered entities that have access to PHI in connection with providing a service to or on behalf of a covered entity to enter into business associate agreements with the covered entity and to safeguard the covered entity s PHI against improper use and disclosure. In addition, certain of HIPAA s privacy and security standards are directly applicable to business associates. As a covered entity and as a business associate of other covered entities (with whom we have therefore entered into business associate agreements), we have certain obligations regarding the use and disclosure of any PHI that may be provided to us, and we could incur significant liability if we or our business associates fail to meet such obligations. Among other things, HITECH imposes civil and criminal penalties against covered entities and business associates for noncompliance with privacy and security requirements, which may include fines up to 250,000 per violation and/or imprisonment, and authorizes states attorneys general to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action allowing individuals to file suit in civil court for violations of HIPAA, its standards have been used as the basis for duty of care cases in state civil suits such as those for negligence or recklessness in the misuse or breach of PHI. In addition, HIPAA mandates that the Secretary of HHS conduct periodic compliance audits of health care providers, such as us, and their business associates for compliance with the HIPAA privacy and security standards. HIPAA also tasks HHS with establishing a methodology whereby harmed individuals who were the victims of breaches of unsecured PHI may receive a percentage of the civil monetary penalty paid by the violator. As noted above, we are required to comply with HIPAA standards promulgated by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS. First, we must comply with HIPAA s standards for electronic transactions, which establish standards for common healthcare transactions, such as claims information, plan eligibility, payment information and the use of electronic signatures. We must also comply with the standards for the privacy of individually identifiable health information, which limit the use and disclosure of most paper and oral communications, as well as those in electronic form, regarding an individual s past, present or future physical or mental health or condition, or relating to the provision of healthcare to the individual or payment for that healthcare, if the individual can or may be identified by such information. Additionally, we must comply with HIPAA s security standards, which require us to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of all electronic PHI that we create, receive, maintain or transmit, to protect against reasonably anticipated threats or hazards to the security of such information, and to protect such information from unauthorized use or disclosure. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Various U.S. states have implemented similar restrictive requirements regulating the use and disclosure of health information and other personal information that are not necessarily preempted by HIPAA or that regulate different information than HIPAA. For example, in 2020 California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act, which creates numerous new privacy requirements, such as greater notice and transparency obligations and consumer rights relating to the access to, deletion of, and sharing of personal information collected by certain businesses and their service providers. Also, the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act, which protects the confidentiality of individually identifiable medical information obtained by health care providers and their contractors, is much broader than HIPAA and the data protected is also broader than HIPAA. In addition, Massachusetts law requires that any company that obtains personal information of any resident of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts implement and maintain a security program that adequately protects such information from unauthorized use or disclosure. State privacy laws continue to evolve, and several new state privacy laws that may affect us became, or are expected to become, effective in 2023. For example, this includes updates to the California Consumer Privacy Act (effective as of January 1, 2023), the Colorado Privacy Act (effective July 1, 2023), the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (effective as of January 1, 2023), the Utah Privacy Act (effective December 31, 2023), and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (effective July 1, 2023). There are also comprehensive foreign privacy and security laws and regulations that impose robust requirements on the processing of personal information, including health information. In particular, the EU s General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, became effective in 2018. The GDPR applies not only to organizations within the EU, but also applies to organizations outside of the EU, such as Natera, that offer goods or services to EU data subjects or that process personal data of EU data subjects. The GDPR specifies higher potential liabilities for certain data protection violations, and we anticipate that it will result in a greater compliance burden for us as we conduct our business, particularly through our Constellation cloud-based distribution model, in the European Union. Fines for non-compliance can range from the greater of 2 of annual global revenues or 10 million, up to the greater of 4 of annual global revenues or 20 million. As a business that operates both internationally and throughout the United States, any unauthorized use or disclosure of personal information, even if it does not constitute PHI, by us or our third-party contractors, including disclosure due to data theft or unauthorized access to our or our third-party contractors computer networks, could subject us to costs, fines or penalties that could adversely affect our business and results of operations, including the cost of providing notice, credit monitoring and identity theft prevention services to affected consumers. Healthcare Fraud and Abuse Laws Federal and state governmental authorities scrutinize arrangements between healthcare providers and potential referral sources to ensure that the arrangements are not designed as a mechanism to induce patient care referrals for items or services billable to governmental health care programs. Law enforcement authorities, courts and Congress have demonstrated a willingness to look behind the formalities of a transaction to determine the underlying purpose of payments between healthcare providers and actual or potential referral sources. The penalties for violations under these laws can be both civil and criminal in nature. The Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act Improvements Act of 2015 provides for an annual, automatic adjustment of civil monetary penalties authorized under the Social Security Act to account for inflation, which are published in the Federal Register annually. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute makes it a felony for a provider or supplier, including a laboratory, to knowingly and willfully offer, pay, solicit or receive remuneration, directly or indirectly, in order to induce business that is reimbursable under any federal healthcare program. Generally, courts have taken a broad interpretation of the scope of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, holding that the statute may be violated if merely one purpose of a payment arrangement is to induce future referrals. A violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute may result in imprisonment for up to ten years and/or criminal or civil fines of up to 104,330 and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. Claims submitted in violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute may not be paid by a federal health care program, and any person collecting any amounts with respect to any such prohibited claim is obligated to refund such amounts. Although the federal Anti-Kickback Statute applies only to federal healthcare programs, a most U.S. states have passed laws substantially similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute pursuant to which similar types of prohibitions are made applicable to all commercial health plans or any health care services, depending on the state. Conduct which violates the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or similar laws also triggers liability under the Federal False Claims Act, which prohibits 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 knowingly presenting or causing to be presented a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim for payment to the U.S. Government and can result in additional penalties and fines. The HHS Office of Inspector General, or OIG, has issued Special Fraud Alerts on arrangements for the provision of clinical laboratory services and relationships between, among others, laboratories and referral sources. The Special Fraud Alerts set forth a number of practices allegedly engaged in by some clinical laboratories and healthcare providers that raise issues under the federal fraud and abuse laws, including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. The OIG emphasized in the Special Fraud Alerts that when one purpose of such arrangements is to induce referrals of government program-reimbursed laboratory testing, both the clinical laboratory and the healthcare provider (e.g., physician) may be liable under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, and may be subject to civil and/or criminal prosecution and exclusion from participation in any federal healthcare programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Recognizing that the federal Anti-Kickback Statute is broad and may technically prohibit many innocuous or beneficial arrangements within the healthcare industry, HHS has issued a series of regulatory safe harbors for certain payment arrangements which are not considered improper remuneration under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute if one can demonstrate compliance with each element of the safe harbor. Although full compliance with these safe harbors ensures against prosecution under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the failure of a transaction or arrangement to fit within a specific safe harbor does not necessarily mean that the payment is per se illegal or that prosecution under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute will be pursued. While we believe that we are in compliance with the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and similar state fraud and abuse laws that are applicable to us, there can be no assurance that our relationships with physicians, hospitals and other customers or vendors will not be subject to scrutiny or will survive regulatory challenge under such laws. If imposed for any reason, enforcement and sanctions under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or any similar state statute could have a negative effect on our business. The federal Civil Monetary Penalty statute pertaining to health care fraud and abuse prohibits, among other things, the offer or payment of remuneration to a Medicare beneficiary that the offeror or payer knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary to order or receive a reimbursable item or service from a particular provider, practitioner, or supplier; contracting with an individual or entity that the person knows or should know is excluded from participation in a federal health care program; and knowingly making or causing to be made any false statement, omission, or misrepresentation of a material fact in any application, bid, or contract to participate or enroll as a provider of services or a supplier under a federal health care program. A violation of the federal Civil Monetary Penalty statute may result in maximum civil fines up to 112,131 plus treble damages and exclusion from participation in any federal health care program. Because we operate a laboratory facility located in California and licensed by California s DHS, California law is applicable to our business arrangements. California s state anti-kickback statutes, Business and Professions Code Section 650 (which applies to all categories of payors) and Insurance Code Section 754, and its Medi-Cal anti-kickback statute, Welfare and Institutions Code Section 14107.2, are analogous to, and have been interpreted by the California Attorney General and California courts in substantially the same way as the federal government and the courts have interpreted, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. A violation of Section 650 is punishable by up to one year of imprisonment, a fine up to 50,000, or both imprisonment and a fine. A violation of Section 14107.2 is punishable by imprisonment and fines of up to 10,000. The California Insurance Code includes similar prohibitions against any consideration for the referral or procurement of patients if a claim is submitted to a commercial insurer, CA Ins. Code 750, which is punishable by criminal penalties mirroring those that apply to violations of Business and Professions Code Section 650. Because each of our laboratories holds a New York CLEP permit, we must comply with New York state laboratory statutes and regulations, which include anti-kickback provisions, Public Health Law Section 587, and Medicaid anti-kickback provisions, 18 NYCRR Section 515.2, related to laboratory services. The New York DOH may suspend, limit, revoke or annul the New York laboratory permit or otherwise discipline the permit holder for a violation. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Because we operate a laboratory facility located in Texas, our business arrangements are subject to certain Texas laws. Texas s primary anti-kickback statute, Texas Patient Solicitation Act (Tex. Occ. Code 102.001) (which applies to all categories of payors), provides for an exception to any business arrangement that complies with the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or any regulation adopted under that law. Even if a business arrangement is compliant with the Texas Patient Solicitation Act, disclosure to the patient is required. A violation of Section 102.001 or 102.006 is punishable by civil penalties (up to 10,000 per violation). The Texas Medicaid anti-kickback laws, 1 TAC 371.1669, cross-references the Texas Patient Solicitation Act and include other prohibited self-referrals that are grounds for enforcement and sanctions. The Texas Insurance Code includes criminal penalties for similar prohibitions related to improper referral or procurement of patients if a claim is submitted to a commercial insurer. In addition to the requirements that are discussed above, there are other healthcare fraud and abuse laws that could have an impact on our business. The federal False Claims Act prohibits a person from knowingly submitting or causing to be submitted false claims or making a false record or statement in order to secure payment by the federal government. Conduct which violates another fraud and abuse law identified in this section may also result in liability under the federal False Claims Act as a result of the submission of claims pursuant to a prohibited payment arrangement. In addition to actions initiated by the government itself, the federal False Claims Act authorizes actions to be brought on behalf of the federal government by a private party having knowledge of the alleged fraud (sometimes referred to as a whistleblower under a qui tam complaint. Because qui tam complaints are initially filed under seal in federal court, the action may be pending for some time before the defendant is even aware of the action. If the government is ultimately successful in obtaining redress in the matter or if the private party plaintiff succeeds in obtaining redress without the government s involvement, then the private party plaintiff will receive a percentage of any recovery and penalty imposed. Violation of the federal False Claims Act may result in fines of up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties of up to approximately 25,076 per false claim or statement, imprisonment or both, reimbursement of the whistleblower s attorneys fees, and possible exclusion from any federal health care programs. The penalties will continue to be adjusted, increasing each year to reflect changes in the inflation rate, pursuant to the 2015 Bipartisan Budget Act. In 2018, the Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act of 2018, or EKRA, was passed as part of the Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act (referred to as the SUPPORT Act). Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, EKRA creates criminal penalties for knowing or willful payment or offer, or solicitation or receipt, of any remuneration, whether directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, in exchange for the referral or inducement of laboratory testing unless a specific exception applies. Unlike the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, EKRA is not limited to government health care benefit programs, so the prohibitions extend to services covered by commercial health plans. Additionally, most of the safe harbors available under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute are not reiterated under EKRA, and certain EKRA safe harbors conflict with the safe harbors available under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Therefore, on its face, compliance with a federal Anti-Kickback safe harbor may not guarantee protection under EKRA. As currently drafted, EKRA potentially expands the universe of arrangements that could be subject to government enforcement under federal fraud and abuse laws. Violation of EKRA carries potential penalties of up to 200,000 in fines and imprisonment of up to ten years for each occurrence, and potential exclusion from participation in any federal health care program. Because EKRA is a relatively new law, there is very little additional guidance to indicate how and to what extent it will be interpreted, applied and enforced by the government. Currently, there is no proposed regulation interpreting or implementing EKRA, nor any public guidance released by a federal agency concerning EKRA. The only case law issued to date involves decisions interpreting the EKRA as it applies to compensation of laboratory sales personnel hired as independent contractors, and the courts differ on interpretation and application of the law. We cannot assure you that our relationships with physicians, hospitals, customers, or sales personnel will not be subject to scrutiny or will survive a challenge under EKRA. If imposed for any reason, sanctions under EKRA could have a negative effect on our business. We are also subject to the Physician Self-Referral law, commonly known as the Stark Law, which prohibits, with certain exceptions, an ownership or financial arrangement with a physician (or physician s immediate family member) in 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 exchange for the referral of designated health services, including clinical laboratory services, or presenting or causing to be presented claims to Medicare and Medicaid for such services referred by the physician. The Stark law is a strict liability statute, which means proof of specific intent to violate the law is not required. Any person who presents or causes to be presented a claim to the Medicare or Medicaid programs in violation of the Stark Law may be subject to civil monetary penalties of up to 27,750 per claim submission, an assessment of up to three times the amount claimed, and exclusion from participation in any federal health care program. A person who engages in a scheme to circumvent the Stark Law s referral prohibition may be fined up to 185,009 for each such arrangement or scheme. Claims submitted in violation of the Stark Law may not be paid by Medicare or Medicaid, and any person collecting any amounts with respect to any such prohibited claim is obligated to refund such amounts. Actions which violate the Stark Law may be bootstrapped to involve liability under the federal False Claims Act. Further, in addition to the privacy and security regulations stated above, HIPAA created two federal crimes: healthcare fraud and false statements relating to healthcare matters. The healthcare fraud statute prohibits knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private payers, or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by or under the control of any health care benefit program in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services. A violation of this statute is a felony and may result in fines, imprisonment or exclusion from government sponsored programs. The false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. A violation of this statute is a felony and may result in fines or imprisonment. Finally, federal law prohibits any entity from offering or transferring to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary any remuneration that the entity knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider, practitioner or supplier of Medicare or Medicaid payable items or services, including waivers of copayments and deductible amounts (or any part thereof), if any apply, and transfers of items or services for free or for other than fair market value. Entities found in violation may be liable for civil monetary penalties of up to 100,000 for each wrongful act. Although we believe that our business activities and practices, including our sales and marketing practices, are in material compliance with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations, relevant regulatory authorities may disagree, and violation of these laws or our exclusion from such programs as Medicare, Medicaid and other federal health care programs as a result of a violation of such laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Many states, including California, also have state physician self-referral prohibitions and other laws that are not limited to Medicare and Medicaid referrals, with which we must comply. We are subject to California s Physician Ownership and Referral Act, or PORA, which generally prohibits us from billing a patient or any governmental or private payer for any laboratory services when the physician ordering the service, or any member of such physician s immediate family, has a financial interest with us, unless the arrangement meets an exception (CA Business and Professions Code Section 650.02). The term financial interest is defined broadly and includes any type of ownership interest, debt, loan, lease, compensation, remuneration, discount, rebate, refund, etc. between the ordering physician and the entity receiving the referral. The exceptions to PORA track certain of the Stark Law exceptions, including an exception for personal service arrangements and for ownership of publicly traded entities. A violation of PORA is punishable by civil and criminal penalties (civil penalties and criminal fines vary depending on the nature of the violation, but may reach up to 15,000 per violation). Other states may have self-referral restrictions with which we have to comply that differ from those imposed by federal and California law. We are also subject to applicable state client billing laws, which specify whether a person that did not perform the service is permitted to submit the claim for payment and if so, whether the non-performing person is permitted to mark up the cost of the services in excess of the price the purchasing provider paid for such services. California has an anti-markup statute with which we must comply, which prohibits providers from charging for any laboratory test that it did not perform unless the provider (a) notifies the patient, client or customer of the name, address, and charges of the laboratory performing the test, and (b) charges no more than what the provider was charged by the clinical laboratory which performed 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 the test except for any other service actually rendered to the patient by the provider (for example, specimen collection, processing and handling) (Business and Professions Code Section 655.5). This provision applies, with certain limited exceptions, to licensed persons such as physicians and clinical laboratories regulated under the Business and Professions Code. A violation of this provision can lead to imprisonment and/or a fine of up to 10,000. Other states have similar anti-markup prohibitions with which we must comply. In addition, many states also have direct-bill laws, which means that the services actually performed by an individual or entity must be billed by such individual or entity, thus preventing ordering physicians from purchasing services from a laboratory and rebilling for the services they order. For example, California has a direct bill rule specific to anatomic pathology services that prohibits any provider from billing for anatomic pathology services if those services were not actually rendered by that person or under his or her direct supervision with some exemptions (CA Business and Professions Code Section 655.7). While we have attempted to comply with the federal, Texas, California and New York fraud and abuse laws and similar laws of other states and non-U.S. jurisdictions that are applicable to our business, it is possible that some of our arrangements could be subject to regulatory scrutiny at some point in the future, and we cannot provide assurance that we will be found to be in compliance with these laws following any such regulatory review. Human Capital Management As of December 31, 2022, our global workforce comprised 3,018 employees, of whom 2,958 were full time employees, representing an increase of approximately 10.7 during 2022. We also engage consultants and temporary employees. We have not been subject to labor action or union activities, and our management considers its relationships with employees to be good. Our global voluntary turnover rate for 2022 was approximately 18.4 . Based on self-identification data, women comprised approximately 62.7 of our global workforce in 2022, and over 65 of global new hires were women; and approximately 0.1 self-identified as transgender female, 0.2 as transgender male, and 0.9 as non-binary/non-conforming. Also based on self-identification data, minorities comprised over 40 of our U.S. workforce. We are committed to attracting, retaining, developing, and nurturing a diverse workforce, which we believe is necessary in order to deliver upon our mission of changing the management of disease worldwide. Our development, performance, and compensation programs are designed to attract and reward talented, diverse individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our business objectives, assist in the achievement of our strategic goals and ultimately create long term value for our stockholders. In addition to base pay, our compensation and benefits programs, which can vary by region, can include annual bonuses, stock-based compensation awards, a 401(k) plan with employee matching opportunities, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, parental leave, and employee assistance programs. We work to ensure pay equity by annually assessing our compensation practices and working with external compensation consultants to design and benchmark our programs. We operate in an industry in which competition for highly qualified personnel is intense. In addition to our compensation programs, we are highly focused on talent acquisition, retention and development. We periodically conduct employee engagement surveys, the results of which inform internal company and management goals to help ensure impactful and meaningful actions in response to feedback received. Our annual employee evaluation process helps us to support developing employees as well as identify and cultivate high performers, and we have various initiatives underway to further develop leaders and managers. In 2022, Natera was certified by Great Place to Work for the second year in a row. Embracing diversity is one of our company core values, as we believe that a broad range of perspectives and experiences is necessary to drive innovation and leadership. To this end, it is important to us to create an inclusive and equitable environment that represents a broad spectrum of backgrounds and cultures. We have two employee resource groups, or ERGs, committed to furthering our efforts in this area. Women of Natera and our Diversity Inclusion Group both serve as resources to the organization in fostering a culture of inclusion and diversity by providing a platform of networking, ongoing learning and exchange to support professional development and promote workplace equality and 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 diversity. We are working towards a 2025 Environmental, Social and Governance goal of all managers complete annual diversity training. Sustainability We recognize that in our work to improve the state of disease globally, it is important to develop and maintain a strong ethos of sustainability, responsibility, and stewardship with respect to environmental matters. We have policies and programs in place to comply with the requirements set forth in applicable local, state, and federal environmental policies, laws and regulations parameters set forth in such applicable policies, laws and regulations in the course of conducting our operations. However, we cannot predict how changes in these laws and regulations, or the development of new laws and regulations, will affect our business operations or the cost of compliance. Climate change may impact our business by increasing operating costs due to additional regulatory requirements, physical risks to our facilities, energy limitations, and disruptions to our supply chain. We consider such potential risks in our business continuity planning, including reviewing investment opportunities in renewable energy, and reducing energy and water consumption, greenhouse gas emissions, and waste production. As part of our sustainability and environmental, social, and governance (ESG) program, we have an executive steering committee responsible for overseeing sustainability projects to reduce the environmental impact of our laboratory operations, our corporate offices, and our supply chain. Our environmental sustainability program addresses, among others, emissions reduction; water and energy conservation; sustainability in supply chain management; waste reduction; employee engagement; and sustainable building design and operations. In particular, we have established Scope 1, 2 and 3 intensity reduction targets as part of our broader climate action plan as outlined in our 2025 Environmental, Social and Governance goals. Additional information can be found in our annual ESG Report located on our website at www.natera.com/esg. We do not incorporate the information on, or accessible through, our website into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report we file with or finish to the SEC, and you should not consider any information on, or accessible through, our website as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. Glossary of Terms ACOG the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. ACMG the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics. Allograft the transplant of an organ or tissue from one individual to another individual of the same species who is not genetically identical. AMA American Medical Association. AUC area under the receiver operating curve; a measure of the diagnostic performance of a test, based on sensitivity and specificity. cfDNA cell-free DNA. CLIA Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments. CMS Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. CNV copy number variation; a genetic mutation in which relatively large regions of the genome have been deleted or duplicated. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 CPT Current Procedure Terminology; codes used by doctors and health care professionals for identifying medical services and procedures. ctDNA circulating tumor DNA; tumor DNA circulating in a blood sample. CS test carrier screening test. dd-cfDNA donor-derived cell-free DNA; DNA that is shed into the blood of a transplant recipient from a transplanted organ undergoing rejection. DNA deoxyribonucleic acid. FDA Food and Drug Administration. Fetal aneuploidy an inherited genetic condition in which a fetus has a different number of chromosomes than are typical. IVD in vitro diagnostic; tests that can be used in any laboratory that has the appropriate qualifications and authorizations. IVF in vitro fertilization. LDT laboratory developed test; tests that are designed, developed, validated and used within a single laboratory. MFM maternal fetal medicine; an MFM physician specialist is an obstetrician who has completed a medical education specialty in high-risk pregnancy. Microdeletion a deletion of a region of DNA from one copy of one chromosome. mmPCR massively multiplexed polymerase chain reaction. NGS next-generation sequencing; a DNA sequencing technology. NIPT non-invasive prenatal test. No-call the inability to update the prior risk, or the standard risk assigned based on maternal and gestational age, in order to provide a high-risk or low-risk test result due to insufficient information in the sample. OB/GYN obstetrician-gynecologist; a doctor who specializes in women s health. PPV positive predictive value; the likelihood that a positive result on a test indicates a true positive result in the patient. Sensitivity the likelihood that an individual with a condition will be correctly found to have that condition. Sensitivity is calculated as the ratio between the number of individuals that test positive for the condition over the total number of individuals in the tested cohort who actually have the condition. SNP single nucleotide polymorphism; a position on the chromosome at which single DNA base changes are common in the population. SNV single nucleotide variant; a genetic mutation in which a single chemical base in DNA has changed. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Specificity the likelihood that an individual without a condition will be correctly found not to have that condition. Specificity is calculated as the ratio between the number of individuals that test negative for a condition over the total number of individuals in the tested cohort who do not have the condition. Triploidy a type of fetal aneuploidy in which an individual has three copies of every chromosome instead of two. Corporate Information Our principal executive office is located 13011 McCallen Pass, Building A Suite 100, Austin, Texas. Our website address is www.natera.com. We do not incorporate the information on, or accessible through, our website into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report we file with or finish to the SEC, and you should not consider any information on, or accessible through, our website as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, may be obtained free of charge at the Investor Relations section of our website, http://investor.natera.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Additionally, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information. The address of the SEC s website is www.sec.gov. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this report, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before investing in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment . Risks Related to Our Business and Industry If we are unable to successfully grow revenues for our products or services, and if our efforts to further increase the use and adoption of our products or to develop new products and services in the future do not succeed, our business will be harmed. Our ability to successfully grow revenues for our products and services is uncertain and subject to many risks, as further described in these Risk Factors. In particular, the majority of our revenues are derived from sales of our Panorama NIPT and our Horizon carrier screening, or HCS, test, and we expect this to continue to be the case. As such, any adverse impact we experience with respect to our tests, and in particular with respect to either Panorama or Horizon, could result in an impact to our overall revenues, or a component of such overall revenues. For example, a decline in our reimbursement rates for, and therefore our average selling price of, Horizon, could result in a decline in our overall blended average selling price. Continued and additional market demand for our tests, and reimbursement for our tests, particularly for NIPT for the average-risk population and for microdeletions, are key elements to our future success. The market demand for NIPTs, carrier screening tests and our other tests continue to evolve. We cannot guarantee that physicians will recommend and order our tests, and our laboratory distribution partners and licensees may not actively or effectively market our tests. Our ability to increase sales and establish significant levels of adoption and reimbursement for our tests is uncertain, and it may be challenging for us to achieve profitability for many reasons, including, among others: 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 the market for our tests may not grow as we expect; in particular, NIPTs may not gain acceptance for use as a screen for microdeletions, which would limit the market for Panorama, and we may fail to compete successfully in this market, whatever its size; if we are unable to demonstrate that our tests are superior to competing tests, laboratories, clinics, clinicians, physicians, payers and patients may not adopt the use of our tests on a broad basis, and may not be willing to pay the price premium over competing tests that we have, to date, been able to achieve; third-party payers, such as commercial insurance companies and government insurance programs, may decide not to reimburse for our tests, such as for the screening of microdeletions, may set the amounts of any reimbursements at prices that do not allow us to cover our expenses, or may otherwise adopt regulations, programs, policies or procedures that restrict or harm our business; for example, with respect to Panorama, many third-party payers currently have negative coverage determinations or otherwise do not reimburse for microdeletions screening and we expect low reimbursement rates for microdeletions screening to continue, at least in the near term; also, most state Medicaid programs currently either reimburse at low rates or do not reimburse for our tests; third-party payers have increasingly required that prior authorization be obtained prior to conducting genetic testing as a condition to reimbursing for it, which has reduced and/or delayed the reimbursement amounts we receive for our tests and impacted our results of operations; the results of our SMART Study evaluating the performance of Panorama may fail to convince laboratories, clinics, clinicians, physicians or patients of the benefits of utilizing Panorama for microdeletions and may not increase reimbursement for Panorama; the results of our clinical trials and any additional clinical and economic utility data that we may develop, present and publish in the future, or that comes from the commercial use of our tests, may be inconsistent with our existing data and may raise questions about the performance of our tests, or may fail to convince laboratories, clinics, clinicians, physicians, payers or patients of the value of our tests; we may experience supply constraints, including those due to the failure of our key suppliers to provide required sequencers and reagents in sufficient amounts or of adequate quality or disputes with our key suppliers, including those with respect to the required sequencers and reagents from our supplier, Illumina, Inc., or Illumina, who is also one of our main NIPT competitors through its subsidiary, Verinata Health Inc., or Verinata, and with whom we have historically been involved in patent proceedings; we may experience increased cost of product revenues, and cost of licensing and other revenues, as a percentage of total revenues, as has been the case in previous fiscal periods; the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, or other U.S. or foreign regulatory or legislative bodies may adopt new regulations or policies, or take other actions that impose significant restrictions on our ability to market and sell our tests, including requiring FDA clearance or approval for the sale of our tests, or of the sequencers, reagents, kits and other consumable products that we purchase from third parties in order to perform our testing; our laboratory partners may choose to develop their own tests that are competitive with ours or offer tests provided by our competitors due to pricing or other reasons as has happened in the past, or otherwise fail to effectively market our tests; and competitors may develop and commercialize more effective and/or less expensive tests that deliver comparable results to our tests; we may fail to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property relating to our tests, leading to increased competition; or other parties may claim that the practice of our technology by us or our licensees and collaborators infringes such other party s intellectual property rights, as certain of our competitors have claimed in lawsuits filed against us, as discussed further in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Legal Proceedings in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements; if we are required to pay license fees in order to license third-party intellectual property rights due to actual or alleged infringement based on our running our tests, we may experience increased costs in running our tests, and we may be unable to pass such costs on to our customers; we may be unable to dedicate adequate resources to the maintenance and further technological advancement of our current tests that are necessary for such tests to be competitive in the marketplace because of the demands placed on our research and development and product teams with respect to our continuously expanding portfolio of products and programs, in particular our efforts and focus on developing our oncology and organ health products; in the event that it is in our commercial or financial interest or we are forced to transition sequencing platforms for Panorama, we may be unable to do so in a commercially sustainable way and that could survive claims of infringement of intellectual property rights of Illumina and other competitors, in a timely manner or at all; and we may not be successful in commercializing our cloud-based distribution model. If we are not able to increase adoption of and grow revenues for our products or services, our business, operating results and financial condition will be harmed. We have incurred net losses since our inception and we anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, which could harm our future business prospects. We have incurred net losses each year since our inception in 2003. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through private placements of preferred stock, convertible debt and other debt instruments, our initial public offering, and our registered public equity offerings. Our net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 547.8 million, 471.7 million, and 229.7 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 1.9 billion. Such losses may continue to increase in the future as we continue to devote a substantial portion of our resources to efforts to increase the adoption of, and reimbursement for, Panorama, Horizon, Signatera, Prospera, and our other products, improve these products, and research and develop and commercialize new products. In addition, the rate of growth in our revenues has fluctuated in the past, and may continue to do so in future periods. In particular, such rate of growth may be negative, flat, or may grow more slowly than we expect, including if the rate of growth of our test volumes slows. A significant element of our business strategy is to maintain increased in-network coverage with third-party payers; however, the negotiated fees under our contracts with third-party payers are typically lower than the list price of our tests, and in some cases the third-party payers that we contract with have negative coverage determinations for some of our offerings, in particular Panorama for microdeletions screening. Therefore, being in-network with third-party payers has in the past had, and may in the future have, an adverse impact on our revenues and gross margins, especially if we are unable to increase the adoption of, and obtain favorable coverage determinations for reimbursement for, our products. Furthermore, a CPT code for microdeletions went into effect beginning in January 2017. We have experienced low average reimbursement rates for microdeletions testing under this code, and our microdeletions reimbursement may continue to remain low, at least in the near term, either due to reduced reimbursement, or third-party payers declining to reimburse, under the microdeletions code, which has had and will likely continue to have an adverse effect on our revenues. In addition, a CPT code for expanded carrier screening went into effect beginning in January 2019, and has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our reimbursement rates for our broader Horizon carrier screening panel, for which we previously primarily received reimbursement on a per condition basis, as those tests may be reimbursed as a combined single panel instead of as multiple individual tests. As further discussed in the risk factor entitled We may not be successful in commercializing our cloud-based distribution model , our results of operations may be adversely affected if we do not sell a sufficient volume of tests under our cloud-based distribution model to offset the lower revenues per test performed under that model. Our ability to forecast our future operating results, including revenues, cash flows and profitability, is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties. We have also encountered and will continue to encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 rapidly growing companies in the life sciences and technology industry, such as those described in this report. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties are incorrect or these risks and uncertainties change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results may differ materially from our expectations, and our business may suffer. Uncertainty in the development and commercialization of our enhanced or new tests or services could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our success will depend in part on our ability to effectively introduce and increase market adoption of enhanced or new offerings. In recent years we have developed and launched several new products or enhanced versions of existing products, including our first offerings in oncology and in organ health, and we expect to continue our efforts in all of these areas. The development and launch of enhanced or new tests requires the completion of certain clinical development and commercialization activities that are complex, costly, time-intensive and uncertain, and requires us to accurately anticipate the preferences and needs of patients, clinicians, payers, and other counterparties, as well as emerging technology and industry trends. This process is conducted in various stages, and each stage presents the risk that we will not achieve our goals. We may not be successful in our current or future efforts to develop and commercialize cell-free DNA tests in industries that are newer to us. Moreover, we have limited experience forecasting our future financial performance from our new products in these industries that are newer to us, and our actual results may fall below our financial guidance or other projections, or the expectations of analysts or investors, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. We may experience research and development, regulatory, marketing and other difficulties that could delay or prevent our introduction of enhanced or new tests and result in increased costs and the diversion of management s attention and resources from other business matters, such as from our Panorama and Horizon product offerings, which currently represent the significant majority of our revenues. For example, any tests that we may enhance or develop may not prove to be clinically effective in clinical trials or commercially, or may not ultimately meet our desired target product profile, be offered at acceptable cost and with the sensitivity, specificity and other test performance metrics necessary to address the relevant clinical need or commercial opportunity; our test performance in commercial experience may be inconsistent with our validation or other clinical data; we may not be successful in achieving market awareness and demand, whether through our own sales and marketing operations or through collaborative arrangements; healthcare providers may not order or use, or third-party payers may not reimburse for, any tests that we may enhance or develop; or we may otherwise have to abandon a test or service in which we have invested substantial resources. In particular, we are subject to the risk that the biological characteristics of the genetic mutations we seek to target, and upon which our technologies rely, are uncertain and difficult to predict. For example, in our efforts to detect and analyze circulating tumor DNA in plasma for MRD assessment and recurrence surveillance, our success depends on tumors shedding mutant DNA into the bloodstream in sufficient quantities such that our technology can detect such mutations, as well as patients having sufficient tumor tissue to design our custom ctDNA test for each patient. As further discussed in the risk factor entitled If our products do not perform as expected, our operating results, reputation and business will suffer , we may also experience unforeseen difficulties when implementing updates to our processes, as we have occasionally experienced with Panorama, Horizon, and our other tests. We cannot assure you that we can successfully complete the clinical development of any new or enhanced product, or that we can establish or maintain the collaborative relationships that may be essential to our clinical development and commercialization efforts. Clinical development requires large numbers of patient specimens and, for certain products, require large, prospective, and controlled clinical trials. We may not be able to enroll patients or collect a sufficient number of appropriate specimens in a timely manner; or we may experience delays during clinical development due to slower than anticipated enrollment, which we experienced in the past with our SNP-based Microdeletions and Aneuploidy RegisTry, or SMART, Study, or due to changes in study design or other unforeseen circumstances, such as our decisions in the past to expand our SMART Study; or we may be unable to afford or manage the large-sized clinical trials that some of our planned future products may require. The publication of clinical data in peer-reviewed journals is a crucial step in commercializing and obtaining reimbursement for tests such as ours, and our inability to control when, if ever, results are published may delay or limit our ability to derive sufficient revenues from any test that is the subject of a study. Peer-reviewed publications regarding 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 our tests may be limited by many factors, including delays in the completion of, poor design of, or lack of compelling data from, clinical studies, as well as delays in the review, acceptance and publication process. If our tests or the technology underlying our current or future tests do not receive sufficient favorable exposure in peer-reviewed publications, the rate of clinician adoption of our tests and positive reimbursement coverage determinations for our tests could be negatively affected. Further, the data collected from any studies we complete in the future may not be favorable or consistent with our existing data or may not be statistically significant or compelling to the medical community or to third-party payers seeking such data for purposes of determining coverage for our tests. For example, results from our SMART Study have been published in two publications; however, we cannot assure you that such results or publications will convince laboratories, clinics, clinicians, physicians or patients of the benefits of utilizing Panorama for microdeletions. We also cannot be certain whether, or to what extent, the SMART Study may impact insurance coverage and reimbursement for microdeletions testing. Similarly, certain results of the CIRCULATE-Japan study have recently been published, and we cannot assure you that such results will impact professional society or practice guidelines, or coverage and reimbursement determinations from third-party payers, as we anticipate. In addition, as further described in the risk factor entitled If the FDA were to begin actively regulating our tests, we could incur substantial costs and delays associated with trying to obtain premarket clearance or approval and incur costs associated with complying with post-market controls, development of the data necessary to obtain regulatory clearance and approval of a test is time-consuming and carries with it the risk of not yielding the desired results. The performance achieved in published studies may not be repeated in later studies that may be required to obtain FDA premarket clearance or approval or regulatory approvals in foreign jurisdictions. Limited results from earlier-stage verification studies may not predict results from studies in larger numbers of subjects drawn from more diverse populations over longer periods of time. Unfavorable results from ongoing preclinical and clinical studies may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approvals or clearances or commercialization of our product candidates, or could result in delays, modifications or abandonment of ongoing analytical or future clinical studies, or abandonment of a product development program, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. These and other factors beyond our control could result in delays or other difficulties in the research and development, approval, production, launch, ongoing commercialization or distribution of enhanced or new tests and could adversely affect our competitive position and results of operations. Our quarterly results may fluctuate from period to period, which could adversely impact the value of our common stock. Our quarterly results of operations, including our revenues, gross margin, net loss and cash flows, have varied and may continue to vary from period to period as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including those listed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, and as a result, period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. Our quarterly results should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. In addition, to the extent that we continue to spend considerably on our internal sales and marketing and research and development efforts, we expect to continue to incur costs in advance of achieving the anticipated benefits of such efforts. Fluctuations in quarterly results and key metrics may cause our results to fall below our financial guidance or other projections or goals, or the expectations of analysts or investors, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. We also face competitive pricing and reimbursement pressures, and we may not be able to maintain our premium pricing in the future, which would adversely affect our operating results. Competition in our industry is intense; if we are unable to compete successfully with respect to our current or future products or services, we may be unable to increase or sustain our revenues or achieve profitability. We compete primarily in the molecular testing field, which is characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product introductions, reimbursement challenges, emerging competition, intellectual property disputes and litigation, price competition, aggressive marketing practices, evolving industry standards and changing customer preferences. Our principal competition in women s health comes from existing testing methods, technologies and products that are used by OB/GYNs, MFM specialists or IVF centers. These include other NIPTs and carrier screening tests offered by our competitors, as well as established, traditional first-line prenatal screening methods, such as serum protein measurement, where doctors measure certain hormones in the blood, and invasive prenatal diagnostic tests like amniocentesis, which have been used for many years and are therefore difficult to displace or supplement. In addition, new testing methods may be developed which may displace or be preferred over NIPTs, such as whole genome sequencing 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 or single cell analysis. We also face competition in the fields of oncology and organ health from other companies, many of which are larger, more established and have more experience and more resources than we do. Some companies in the ctDNA-based liquid biopsy field are expanding their research and development efforts to include tracking more tumor-specific variants and/or other biomarkers in addition to ctDNA on the basis that these analyses may collectively result in improved sensitivity and earlier detection than currently available tests, such as Signatera, or testing without the need for a sample of the tumor tissue. We cannot assure you that research, discoveries or other advancements by other companies will not render our existing or potential products and services uneconomical or result in products and services that are superior or otherwise preferable to our current or future products and services. We expect that competition in all of the markets in which we operate will continue to increase. Some of our competitors products and services are sold at a lower price than ours, which could cause sales of our tests and services to decline or force us to reduce our prices. Our current and future competitors could have greater technological, financial, reputational and market access advantages than us, and we may not be able to compete effectively against them. Increased competition is likely to result in pricing pressures, which could harm our revenues, operating income or market share. We have increasingly been subject to litigation with our competitors; for example, as disclosed elsewhere in these risk factors, we are or have recently been in active litigation with competitors in each of the women s health, oncology and organ health fields, which involve considerable costs to us as well as management time and attention. If we are unable to compete successfully, we may be unable to increase or sustain our revenues or achieve profitability. See the section entitled Business Overview Competition for additional information on our competitors. We may not be successful in commercializing our cloud-based distribution model. We utilize a cloud-based distribution model to deploy our bioinformatics technology for use by other laboratories. Under this model, clinical laboratories around the world, including in the U.S., license our technology to develop and run their own NIPT or other molecular testing assays in their own facilities as LDTs, and then access our proprietary algorithms through our cloud-based Constellation software to analyze the assay results. In the diagnostics industry, the market for cloud-based solutions and services is not as mature as the market for on-premise enterprise software, and it remains uncertain whether and to what extent our cloud-based distribution model will achieve and sustain high levels of customer demand and market acceptance. The rate of adoption of our cloud-based distribution model continues to be slower than we anticipated, and depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our solution, as well as our ability to address security, privacy and regulatory requirements or concerns. In particular, all of our licensees under our cloud-based distribution model are required to use Illumina sequencers and reagents to run their tests that they develop based on our technology. As further described in the risk factor entitled We rely on a limited number of suppliers or, in some cases, single suppliers, for some of our laboratory instruments and materials and may not be able to find replacements or immediately transition to alternative suppliers , we are aware that Illumina has required our licensees to pay an additional license fee in certain jurisdictions in order to secure a supply agreement for the sequencers and reagents necessary to run NIPT under our cloud-based distribution model. Furthermore, Illumina competes with us through its subsidiary Verinata, and may not charge a similar license fee for Verinata s licensed-based offering to other laboratories. As a result, our potential or current licensees may be unable to commercially launch their tests under our cloud-based distribution model in a financially viable manner, which has dissuaded and could continue to dissuade potential or current licensees from licensing from us or launching a test based on our technology. In addition, if a test developed by any of our licensees under our cloud-based distribution model in the United States is found not to be an LDT, the licensee may not be able to market its test, and we would not receive the anticipated revenues from that licensee. We also do not know whether, over the long term, this model will result in benefits or cost savings at the levels that we anticipate or at all. For example, to the extent that any of our laboratory customers for whom we currently perform our tests entirely in our laboratory transition to our cloud-based distribution model, our revenues from such customers will decrease because we are not able to charge as high an amount per test as when we perform the entire test ourselves. If the lower revenues per test performed is not offset by a sufficient increase in volume of tests sold, our overall revenues will be lower, and our results of operations may be adversely affected. Among the risks to our business and results of operations from our Constellation model are the following: our and our licensees ability to obtain required regulatory authorizations from the FDA and international regulatory agencies as further described in the risk factor entitled Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals may adversely affect our ability to expand our operations internationally, including our ability to continue commercializing our cloud-based distribution model ; supply constraints, including with respect to the blood collection tubes that are used for many of our tests, such as Panorama, Signatera and Prospera, and that are supplied by Streck, Inc., or Streck, as further described in the risk factor entitled We rely on a limited number of suppliers or, in some cases, single suppliers, for some of our laboratory instruments and materials and may not be able to find replacements or immediately transition to alternative suppliers ; allegations or potential third-party claims that the tests, based on our technology, developed by our licensees violate such third parties intellectual property rights; licensing portions of our proprietary technology to third parties that may not take the same security precautions as we do to protect this information; and an inability to achieve anticipated benefits and costs savings. If we or other cloud-based solution providers experience security incidents, loss of customer data or disruptions in delivery or other problems, the market for cloud-based solutions in the diagnostics industry, including our solutions, may be adversely affected. Such events could also result in potential lawsuits and liability claims, or, as further described in the risk factor entitled Security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions, including with respect to cybersecurity, could compromise sensitive information related to our business or prevent us from accessing critical information and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and reputation , could subject us to federal and state privacy laws and regulations or expose us to regulatory action or liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. If there is a reduction in demand for cloud-based solutions caused by technological challenges, weakening economic conditions, security or privacy concerns, competing technologies and products or other challenges, we may not be successful in executing our Constellation business model, and our results of operations may be adversely affected. We rely on internal and third-party data centers and platforms to host our laboratory and cloud-based software, and any interruptions of service or failures may impair our laboratory operations or the delivery of our cloud-based services and harm our business. We currently maintain a data center at our laboratory facilities in San Carlos, California. In addition, our proprietary bioinformatics algorithms are a crucial component of our test processing, and combine information derived from our mmPCR assay workflows with publicly available data from the broader scientific community to analyze and return test results. We host the significant majority of these algorithms on a cloud-based software platform pursuant to an agreement with DNAnexus, Inc., or DNAnexus, and both we and our Constellation licensees access our algorithms through the DNAnexus platform. The DNAnexus platform is hosted on third-party data center hosting facilities operated by Amazon Web Services, or AWS, located primarily in the United States and in the European Union. We also host our algorithms on AWS platforms directly. Our algorithms are currently used to run our Panorama NIPT, Horizon, Signatera, and Prospera tests and certain of our research and development activities, as well as for our Constellation licensees. In the event of any technical problems that may arise in connection with our on-site data center, the DNAnexus platform or the AWS servers on which the DNAnexus platform is hosted, or the AWS servers that host our data directly, or difficulties in or termination of our relationship with DNAnexus, we could experience interruptions in our laboratory operations or our cloud-based services, and we and our Constellation licensees may be unable to access our proprietary algorithms and therefore be unable to process tests or conduct any other activities that require access to such algorithms. These types of problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, viruses, security attacks, fraud, spikes in customer usage and denial of service issues. We do not have any backup platform, server or other means to host our algorithms, and may be unable to find and implement an alternative platform that is satisfactory for our needs on commercially reasonable terms, in a timely manner, or at all. Interruptions in our operations or service may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue refunds, result in the loss of customers, cause laboratory licensees to terminate their contracts with us, adversely affect our ability to attract new laboratory licensees, or harm our reputation. We could also be exposed to potential lawsuits and liability claims. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 If our products do not perform as expected, our operating results, reputation and business will suffer. Our success depends on the market s confidence that we can provide reliable, high-quality testing results. There is no guarantee that the accuracy and reproducibility we have demonstrated to date will continue as our test volumes continue to increase and our product portfolio continues to expand. We believe that our customers are particularly sensitive to test limitations and errors, including inaccurate test results and the need on occasion to perform second blood draws, or redraws, on patients, for which Panorama has in the past experienced a higher rate than advertised for other NIPTs. As a result, if our tests do not perform as expected or favorably in comparison to competitive tests, our operating results, reputation, and business will suffer. We may also become subject to legal claims arising from such limitations, errors, or inaccuracies. Our tests use a number of complex and sophisticated biochemical and bioinformatics processes, many of which are highly sensitive to external factors. An operational, technological or other failure in one of these complex processes, or fluctuations in external variables, may result in sensitivity or specificity rates that are lower than we anticipate or that vary between test runs, a higher than anticipated number of tests that require redraws or fail to produce results, or longer than expected turnaround times, which we have experienced and will likely continue to experience on occasion as a result of issues with laboratory equipment, components or materials or otherwise. In addition, we regularly evaluate and refine our testing processes, and any refinements we make may not improve our tests as we expect and may result in unanticipated issues that may adversely affect our test performance as described above, which we have experienced in the past. Such operational, technical and other difficulties may impact the commercial attractiveness of our products, may increase our costs or divert our resources, including management s time and attention, from other projects and priorities, or may subject us to legal claims. Furthermore, any changes to our testing process may require us to use new or different suppliers or materials with whom or which we are unfamiliar, and which may not perform as we anticipate, and could cause delays, downtime or other operational issues. We rely on third-party laboratories to perform portions of our service offerings. Certain of our tests, or components of our tests, are performed by third-party laboratories. These third-party laboratories are subject to contractual obligations to perform these services for us but are not otherwise under our control. We therefore do not control the capacity and quality control efforts of these third-party laboratories other than through our ability to enforce contractual obligations on volume and quality systems, and we have no control over such laboratories compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. We also have no control over the timeliness of such laboratories performance of their obligations to us. Third-party laboratories that we have contracted with have in the past had, and occasionally continue to have, issues with delivering results to us or resolving issues with us, including within the time frames we expected or established in our contracts with them, which sometimes results in longer than expected turnaround times for, or negatively impacts the performance of, these tests and services. We have had to review and, in some cases, revise our processes, procedures and agreements with our business partners to address unforeseen operational issues and other contingencies, and will likely continue to do so as our business grows. Any natural or other disaster, acts of war or terrorism, shipping embargoes, labor unrest or political instability or similar events at one or more of our third-party laboratories facilities that causes a loss of capacity would heighten the risks that we face. We may not have sufficient alternative backup if one or more of the third-party laboratories that we contract with are unable to satisfy their obligations to us with sufficient performance, quality and timeliness. Changes to or termination of our agreements or inability to renew our agreements with these third-party laboratories or enter into new agreements with other laboratories that are able to perform such portions of our service offerings could impair, delay or suspend our efforts to market and sell these tests and services. In the event of any adverse developments with these third-party laboratories or their ability to perform their obligations to us in a timely manner and in accordance with the standards that we and our customers expect, our ability to service our customers may be delayed, interrupted or otherwise adversely affected, which could result in a loss of customers and harm to our reputation. Furthermore, when these issues arise, we have had to expend time, management attention and other resources to address and remedy such issues. In addition, certain third-party payers, including some state Medicaid payers, that we are under contract with may take the position that sending out testing to third-party laboratories and billing for such tests is contrary to the terms of our provider agreement and may refuse to pay us for the testing. If any of these events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. Further, some state laws impose anti-markup restrictions that prevent an entity from realizing a profit margin on outsourced testing. If we or our subsidiaries are unable to markup outsourced testing, our revenues and operating margins may suffer. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 If either of our CLIA-certified laboratory facilities becomes inoperable, we will be unable to perform our tests and our business will be harmed. We currently operate laboratory facilities in Austin, Texas and in San Carlos, California, both of which process Panorama, Horizon, and Signatera tests, which together represent the significant majority of our revenues. Our other tests that we perform are currently only able to be performed at one, but not both, of our laboratories, and are primarily performed at our San Carlos location, and we currently otherwise have no backup or redundant facility to perform these tests. Our San Carlos laboratory is situated near active earthquake fault lines, and both of our laboratories are located in areas that have in recent years experienced, and are likely to experience in the future, severe weather events. Either of our laboratories may be harmed or rendered inoperable, or samples could be damaged or destroyed, by natural or manmade disasters, including earthquakes, severe weather, flooding, power outages and contamination, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may render it difficult or impossible for us to perform our tests for some period of time. An inability to perform our tests or the backlog of tests that could develop if either our San Carlos or Austin laboratory is inoperable for even a short period of time may result in the loss of customers and an adverse effect on our revenues or harm our reputation. We rely on a limited number of suppliers or, in some cases, single suppliers, for some of our laboratory instruments and materials and may not be able to find replacements or immediately transition to alternative suppliers. We have sourced and will continue to source components of our technology, including sequencers, reagents, tubes and other laboratory materials, from third parties. In particular, our sequencers, many of our reagents, including for Panorama, Horizon and Signatera as described below, and our blood collection tubes, are sole sourced. For example, our molecular diagnostics tests are currently only validated to perform on Illumina s sequencing platform; in addition, Illumina is currently the sole supplier of our sequencers and related reagents for Panorama, Horizon, Signatera and Prospera, along with certain hardware and software, pursuant to a supply agreement that expires in August 2033. Without sequencers and the related reagents, we would be unable to run our tests and commercialize our products. In addition, all of the licensees under our Constellation cloud-based distribution model do not have alternatives other than to use Illumina sequencers and reagents to run the tests that they develop based on our technology. In addition, Illumina and Sequenom, which was acquired by LabCorp, have entered into a patent pooling agreement pursuant to which both parties have pooled their intellectual property directed to NIPT. We understand from public filings that under the patent pooling agreement, Illumina has the exclusive worldwide rights to, among other things, license third-party laboratories to develop and sell NIPTs utilizing the pooled intellectual property and to enforce the pooled intellectual property against suspected infringers. Illumina has granted us certain rights to Illumina s intellectual property related to NIPT, including the pooled intellectual property, for running our own tests; however, we do not have an express license to grant rights under the pooled intellectual property to the licensees under our Constellation cloud-based distribution model. We are aware that Illumina has required our licensees, in order to secure a supply agreement for the sequencers and reagents necessary to run NIPT under our cloud-based distribution model, to pay an additional fee for a license under the pooled intellectual property in jurisdictions in which Illumina believes certain of the pooled intellectual property is enforceable. This additional fee has dissuaded and could continue to dissuade potential or current licensees from licensing from us or launching a test based on our technology. In addition, we have recently been involved in patent infringement litigation against Illumina, which we and Illumina have settled. In addition, Illumina competes with us in the NIPT market through its subsidiary, Verinata. We understand Illumina supplies the same or similar sequencers and consumables to Verinata. Because of Illumina s ownership of Verinata, we face increased risk and uncertainty regarding continuity of a successful working relationship with Illumina under our supply agreement, as well as in our ability to compete with Verinata in the marketplace in view of economic advantages enjoyed by Verinata with respect to the cost of sequencers and related consumables. Furthermore, Illumina has acquired GRAIL, a company focused on early detection of cancer, an area in oncology that we have recently begun to pursue. Our failure to maintain a continued supply of the sequencers and reagents, along with the right to use certain hardware and software, would adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Validating alternative sequencing platforms requires significant resources, expenditures and time and attention of management, and there is no guarantee that we will be successful in implementing any alternative sequencing platforms in a commercially sustainable way. We also cannot guarantee that we will appropriately prioritize or select alternative sequencing platforms on which to focus our efforts, in particular given our limited product and research and development resources and various business initiatives, which could result in increased costs and delayed timelines or otherwise impact our business and results of operations. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, our Panorama test is currently only validated to be performed using Streck s blood collection tubes, and we use only Streck tubes for the primary analysis of Signatera results, and for our Prospera test. Streck is the sole supplier of the blood collection tubes included in Panorama and our other cell-free DNA tests under a supply arrangement with Streck under which we are required to exclusively use Streck tubes. Similarly, all of the licensees under our cloud-based distribution model also have no current alternative but to use these blood collection tubes to run the tests that they develop based on our technology. Furthermore, our sequencers, sourced from Illumina, as well as certain other reagents we use for Panorama and our other tests, are intended for research use only and are labeled as RUO. As discussed further in the risk factor entitled Regulatory and Compliance Risks Changes in the way the FDA regulates the reagents, other consumables, and testing equipment we use when developing, validating, and performing our tests could result in delay or additional expense in bringing our tests to market or performing such tests for our customers, the FDA may determine that a product labeled RUO is, nonetheless, intended to be used diagnostically, and could take enforcement action against the manufacturer of the product. If this were to occur with respect to Illumina or any of our other suppliers of RUO products, we could be required to obtain one or more alternative sources of these products, and we may not be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms, a commercially reasonable timeframe, or at all. In addition, Streck s blood collection tubes have not been registered as a medical device in all countries in which we market our Panorama test. As discussed in the risk factor entitled Regulatory and Compliance Risks Failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals may adversely affect our ability to expand our operations internationally, including our ability to continue commercializing our cloud-based distribution model, the regulatory authorities in some of these countries may determine that such registration is required, which could impact our ability to offer Panorama in such countries. Furthermore, because our licensees under our cloud-based distribution model also exclusively use such sole-sourced components to run the tests they develop based on our technology, and our laboratory distribution partners must use certain of such sole-sourced components in order to utilize our tests, any enforcement action against the supplier by the FDA or any other regulatory authority in the jurisdictions in which our licensees and laboratory distribution partners are located could have an adverse impact on our business. Because we rely on third-party manufacturers, we do not control the manufacture of these components, including whether such components will meet our quality control requirements, nor the ability of our suppliers to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. In many cases, our suppliers are not contractually required to supply these components to the quality or performance standards that we require. If the supply of components we receive does not meet our quality control or performance standards, we may not be able to use the components, or if we use them not knowing that they are of inadequate quality, our tests may not work properly or at all, or may provide erroneous results, and we may be subject to significant delays caused by interruption in production or manufacturing or to lost revenue from such interruption or from spoiled tests. This occasionally occurs with respect to certain reagents. In addition, any natural or other disaster, acts of war or terrorism, shipping embargoes, labor unrest or political instability or similar events at our third-party manufacturers facilities that cause a loss of manufacturing capacity would heighten the risks that we face. In the event of any adverse developments with our sole suppliers, or if any of our sole suppliers modifies any of the components they supply to us, our ability to supply our products may be interrupted, and obtaining substitute components could be difficult or require us to re-design or re-validate our products. In addition, if we obtain FDA clearance, approval or de novo classification for any of our tests as an in vitro diagnostic, or IVD, such issues with suppliers or the components that we source from suppliers could affect our commercialization efforts for such an IVD, as further described in the risk factor entitled Regulatory and Compliance Risks If the FDA were to begin actively regulating our tests, we could incur substantial costs and delays associated with trying to obtain premarket clearance or approval and incur costs associated with complying with post-market controls. Our failure to maintain a continued supply of components, or a supply that meets our quality control requirements, or changes to or termination of our agreements or inability to renew our agreements with these parties or enter into new agreements with other suppliers, particularly in the case of sole suppliers such as Streck and Illumina, could result in the loss of access to important components of our tests and impact our test performance or affect our ability to perform our tests in a timely manner or at all, which could impair, delay or suspend our commercialization activities. In the event that we transition to a new supplier from any of our sole suppliers, doing so could be time-consuming and expensive, may result in interruptions in our ability to supply our products to the market, could affect the performance of our tests or could require that we re-validate our affected tests using replacement 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 equipment and supplies, which could delay the performance of our tests and result in increased costs. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on commercial courier delivery services to transport samples to our facilities in a timely and cost-efficient manner and if these delivery services are disrupted, our business may be harmed. Our core business depends on our ability to quickly and reliably deliver test results to our customers. We typically receive blood samples for analysis at our laboratory facilities within days of collection from the patient. Disruptions in delivery service whether due to error by the courier service, labor disruptions, bad weather, natural disaster, terrorist acts or threats or for other reasons some of which we have experienced in the past, could adversely affect specimen integrity, our ability to process or store samples in a timely manner and to service our customers, and ultimately our reputation and our business. In addition, if we are unable to continue to obtain expedited delivery services on commercially reasonable terms, our operating results may be adversely affected. Security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions, including with respect to cybersecurity, could compromise sensitive information related to our business or prevent us from accessing critical information and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and reputation. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including legally-protected personal information, such as test results and other patient health information, credit card and other financial information, insurance information, and personally identifiable information. We also store sensitive intellectual property and other proprietary business information, including that of our customers, payers and collaboration partners. We are highly dependent on information technology networks and systems, including a combination of on-site systems, managed data center systems and cloud-based data center systems, and the Internet, to securely process, transmit, and store a wide variety of business-critical information, including research and development information, commercial information and business and financial information. We also communicate sensitive data, including patient data, telephonically, through our website, through facsimile, through integrations with third party electronic medical records systems, and through relationships with third party vendors and their subcontractors, both in the United States and internationally. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect data privacy to the same extent as the laws of the United States. The secure processing, storage, maintenance and transmission of this critical information are vital to our operations and business strategy. Although we take measures to protect sensitive information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, our information technology and infrastructure, and that of our technology and other third-party service providers and their subcontractors, are nevertheless inherently vulnerable, to some extent, to cyber-attacks by hackers or viruses or breaches due to employee error, technical error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach or interruption, whether of our systems or that of our third-party service providers or their subcontractors, could compromise our data security, and the information we store could be inaccessible by us or could be accessed by unauthorized parties, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such interruption in access, improper access, disclosure, modification, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or penalties under laws and regulations that protect the privacy of personal information, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, European data privacy regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, or state privacy regulations, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act. We may be required to comply with state breach notification laws, become subject to mandatory corrective action, or be required to verify the correctness of database contents. Unauthorized access, loss or dissemination could also disrupt our operations, including our ability to perform tests, provide test results, bill payers or patients, process claims and appeals, provide customer assistance services, conduct research and development activities, develop and commercialize tests, collect, process and prepare company financial information, provide information about our tests, and manage the administrative aspects of our business, any of which could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business. In addition, these breaches and other inappropriate access can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying them may compound these adverse consequences. Any such breach could also result in the compromise of our trade secrets and other proprietary information, which could adversely affect our competitive position. We are also subject to the risks described above as a result of our relationships with third party vendors and their subcontractors, whose systems may be breached and may cause our sensitive data, including patient data, to be 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 compromised. We have on occasion experienced such disruptions by way of third-party vendors. For example, in 2020 we were notified of a data security incident that affected a third-party vendor, which affected a number of our patients whose protected health information was stored in such third-party vendor s systems. The third-party vendor notified the affected individuals as required by HIPAA. Our cloud-based distribution model adds additional data privacy risk, as certain personal health and other information may be sent to and stored in the cloud by our laboratory licensees, many of which are located outside of the United States. We contractually prohibit our licensees from sending personally-identifiable information to our cloud servers, and the vendor that hosts our software in the cloud is contractually required to comply with data privacy laws, such as HIPAA and GDPR. However, we cannot be certain that these third parties will comply with the terms of our agreements, nor that they will not experience security breaches or other disruptions. The marketing, sale, and use of Panorama, Horizon and our other products could result in substantial damages arising from product liability, professional liability, or other claims that exceed our resources. The marketing, sale and use of Panorama, Horizon and our other products could lead to product liability claims against us if someone were to allege that our test failed to perform as it was designed or as claimed in our promotional materials, was performed pursuant to incorrect or inadequate laboratory procedures, if we delivered incorrect or incomplete test results or our test failed to produce a result, or if someone were to misinterpret test results. In addition, we may be subject to liability for errors in, a misunderstanding of, or inappropriate reliance upon, the information we provide, or for failure to provide such information, in connection with our marketing and promotional activities or as part of the results generated by Panorama, Horizon and our other products. For example, Panorama could provide a low-risk result which a patient or physician may rely upon to make a conclusion about the health of the fetus, which may, in fact, have the condition for which we delivered a low-risk result because the Panorama result was a so-called false negative. Similarly, Panorama could provide a so-called false positive, which is a high-risk result for a fetus that may not, in fact, have the relevant condition. Even though Panorama and our other tests are highly accurate, they are not 100 accurate and we may report false negative or false positive results, which may subject us to lawsuits claiming product or professional liability or other claims, as has happened in the past and may happen in the future. A product liability or professional liability claim could result in substantial damages and be costly and time-consuming for us to defend. Although we maintain product and professional liability insurance, our insurance may not fully protect us from the financial impact of defending against product liability or professional liability claims or any judgments, fines or settlement costs arising out of any such claims. Any product liability or professional liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could increase our insurance rates, cause our insurance coverage to be terminated or prevent us from securing insurance coverage in the future. Additionally, any product liability or professional liability lawsuit could harm our reputation, result in a cessation of our services or cause our partners to terminate our agreements with them, any of which could adversely impact our results of operations. If we are unable to successfully scale our operations, our business could suffer. Our overall test volumes grew from approximately 1,026,500 to 1,570,000 and further to 2,066,500 tests processed during the years ended 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, and since 2009 we have launched 16 product offerings, four of them in 2017 alone and both Signatera and Prospera, among other products, in 2020, with expansions of both Signatera and Prospera into additional indications in 2021. In addition, we regularly evaluate and refine our testing process, often significantly updating our workflows. As our test volumes and product offerings continue to grow, we will need to continue to ramp up our testing capacity and implement increases in scale, such as increased headcount, additional or new equipment, laboratory space and qualified laboratory personnel, increased office and laboratory space, expanded customer service capabilities, billing and systems process improvements, enhanced controls and procedures, and an expanded internal quality assurance program and technology platform. The value of Panorama, Horizon and our other products depends on our ability to perform the tests on a timely basis and at an exceptionally high standard of quality, and on maintaining our reputation for such timeliness and quality. Failure to implement necessary procedures, transition to new facilities, equipment or processes or to hire the necessary personnel in a timely and effective manner could result in higher processing costs or an inability to meet market demand, or could otherwise affect our operating results, as we have experienced in the past. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, our efforts to scale our operations may be unable to keep pace with an increase in the frequency of our launches of new or enhanced products and services. Since 2017, we have launched eight new products, three in markets or industries new to us, with several significant product enhancements and expanded indications in 2021. As we continue to launch additional offerings and product enhancements, we will need to manage our resources among various initiatives, and such competing priorities could lead to delays in one or more of our business initiatives. Conversely, to the extent that we scale our operations, infrastructure and other resources but do not ultimately meet our anticipated timelines in our product development efforts, we will experience higher costs and expenses than necessary until our project timelines and operational resources become aligned. We may also, intentionally or unintentionally, allocate resources to new products or initiatives in a manner disproportionate to the amount of revenue that such initiatives generate compared to our existing or core offerings. We cannot assure you that our efforts to scale our commercial operations will not negatively affect the quality of our test process or results, or that we will be successful in managing the growing complexity of our business operations. To execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense, especially for sales, scientific, medical, laboratory, research and development and other technical personnel, and especially in the San Francisco Bay Area where we have an office and laboratory facilities, and the turnover rate of such personnel can be high. We have from time to time experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for highly qualified personnel have greater resources than we have. If we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or we have breached their legal obligations to their former employers, which occurs from time to time. In addition, job candidates and existing employees in the San Francisco Bay Area often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. To the extent that our current or potential employees perceive the value of our equity awards to be low, our ability to recruit, retain and motivate highly skilled employees may be adversely affected, which could then have an adverse effect on our business and future growth prospects. Furthermore, to the extent that we are unable to retain our employees and they leave our company to join one of our competitors, we cannot assure you that any invention, non-disclosure or non-compete agreements we have in place will provide meaningful protection against a departing employee s unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, as further discussed in Risks Relating to our Intellectual Property If we are not able to adequately protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information, the value of our technology and products could be significantly diminished . In addition, our growth may place a significant strain on our operating and financial systems and our management, sales, marketing and administrative resources. As a result of our growth, our operating costs may escalate faster than we anticipate, we may face difficulties in obtaining additional office or laboratory space, and some of our internal systems may need to be enhanced or replaced. If we cannot effectively manage our expanding operations and our costs, we may not be able to grow successfully or we may grow at a slower pace, and our business could be adversely affected. If our sales, distribution, development or other partnerships are not successful and we are not able to offset the resulting impact through our own efforts or through agreements with new partners, our commercialization activities may be impaired and our financial results could be adversely affected. Part of our business strategy is to develop relationships with laboratory and other partners to develop or sell our products, both in the United States and internationally. For example, we have entered into an agreement with BGI Genomics pursuant to which, among others, we will commercialize Signatera in China on BGI Genomics s sequencing platform; and an agreement with Foundation Medicine to develop and commercialize personalized circulating tumor DNA monitoring assays for use by biopharmaceutical and clinical customers who order Foundation Medicine s companion diagnostic cancer test. Developing and commercializing products with third parties reduces our control over such development and commercialization efforts and subjects us to the various risks inherent in a joint effort with a third party, such as delays, operational issues, technical difficulties and other contingencies outside of our influence or control. Distributing Panorama, Signatera and our other products through partners reduces our control over our revenues, our market penetration and our gross margin on sales by the partner if we could have otherwise made that sale through our direct sales force. The financial condition of these third parties could weaken, or they could terminate their relationship with us and/or stop selling our products, as has happened in the past; reduce their marketing efforts in respect of our products; develop and commercialize or otherwise sell competing products in addition to or in lieu of our tests, as has also occurred; merge with or be acquired by a competitor of ours or a company that chooses to de-prioritize or cease the efforts 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 to develop, sell or otherwise partner with us on our products; or otherwise breach their agreements with us. For example, as further described in Note 3 Revenue Recognition Licensing and Other Revenues Qiagen of our consolidated financial statements, we had entered into a license, distribution and development agreement with Qiagen pursuant to which, among others, Qiagen would distribute an NIPT based on our Panorama test on a sequencer to be developed by us and Qiagen; however, Qiagen thereafter discontinued the development of its Next Generation Sequencing Platform and instead partnered with Illumina to develop next-generation sequencing based tests. Furthermore, our laboratory partners may misappropriate our trade secrets or use our proprietary information in such a way as to expose us to litigation and potential liability; and our compliance risk may increase to the extent that we are responsible, or deemed responsible, for our partners sales and marketing activities. Disagreements or disputes with our partners, including disagreements over customers, proprietary rights or our or their compliance with contractual obligations, might cause delays or impair the commercialization of Panorama, Signatera or our other tests, lead to additional responsibilities for us with respect to new tests, or result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would divert management attention and resources and be time-consuming and expensive. As is typical for companies in our industry, we are continually evaluating and pursuing various strategic or commercial partnerships, relationships, or collaborations, some of which may involve the sale and issuance of our common stock, which could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. If our partnerships are not successful, our ability to increase sales of our products and to successfully execute our strategy could be compromised. Our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by international regulatory and business risks. As we expand our operations, including by offering our tests in other countries, we are increasingly subject to varied and complex foreign and international laws and regulations due to operating, offering our products, or contracting with employees, contractors and other service providers in various other countries. Compliance with these laws and regulations often involves significant costs and may require changes in our business practices that may result in reduced revenues and adversely affect our operating results. We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the FCPA, which prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making payments in violation of law to non-U.S. government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing any other improper advantage. Our reliance on independent laboratories to sell Panorama and other products internationally demands a high degree of vigilance in maintaining our policy against participation in corrupt activity, because these distributors could be deemed to be our agents and we could be held responsible for their actions. Other U.S. companies in the medical device and pharmaceutical field have faced criminal penalties under the FCPA for allowing their agents to deviate from appropriate practices in doing business with foreign government officials. We are also subject to similar anti-bribery laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the United Kingdom s Bribery Act of 2010, which also prohibits commercial bribery and makes it a crime for companies to fail to prevent bribery. These laws are complex and far-reaching in nature. Any violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our operations, involve significant management distraction, involve significant costs and expenses, including legal fees, and we could be subject to severe penalties, including criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement, and other remedial measures, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. In addition, our international activities are subject to U.S. economic and trade sanctions, which restrict or otherwise limit our ability to do business in certain designated countries. Other limitations, such as restrictions on the import into the United States or the export to other countries of tissue or genetic data necessary for us to perform our tests, or restrictions on importation and circulation of blood collection tubes or other equipment or supplies by countries outside of the United States, may limit our ability to offer our tests internationally. We may also face competition from companies located in the countries in which we or our partners or licensees offer our tests, and in which we may be at a competitive disadvantage because the country may favor a local provider or for other reasons. By operating internationally, we may experience longer accounts receivable payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; realize lower margins due to lower pricing in many countries; incur potentially adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value added tax systems, tax inefficiencies related to our corporate structure and restrictions on the repatriation of earnings; experience financial accounting and reporting burdens and 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 complexities; experience difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including under labor and employment laws and regulations that are new or unfamiliar to us; be subject to trade barriers such as tariffs, quotas, preferential bidding or import or export licensing requirements; be exposed to political, social and economic instability abroad, including terrorist attacks and security concerns; be exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates; and experience reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights and practical difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and other rights, including with respect to assignment of inventions to us by our consultants in foreign jurisdictions. Outside of the United States we enlist local and regional laboratories, contract employees and other contracted service providers to assist with various aspects of our business operations, including blood draws, engineering, sales, marketing, billing and customer support. Subject to regulatory clearance where required, we also contract with international licensees to run the molecular portion of our tests in their own labs and then access our algorithm for analysis of the resulting data through our cloud-based Constellation platform. Locating, qualifying and engaging additional distribution partners and local laboratories with local industry experience and knowledge is necessary to effectively market and sell our tests outside of the United States. We may not be successful in finding, attracting and retaining such distribution partners or laboratories, or we may not be able to enter into such arrangements on favorable terms. Sales practices and other activities utilized by our distribution partners, contract employees and other service providers, some of which may be locally acceptable, may not comply with relevant standards required under United States laws that apply to our operations overseas, including through third parties, which could create additional compliance risk. Our training and compliance program and our other internal control policies and procedures, and our contractual terms with these third parties, may not always protect us from acts committed by our employees, contractors, partners or agents abroad. Non-compliance by us or our employees, contractors, partners or agents, whether maliciously or in error, of any applicable laws or regulations could result in fines or penalties, or adversely affect our ability to operate and grow our business. Even if we are able to effectively manage our international operations, if our distribution partners and local and regional laboratory licensees are unable to effectively manage their businesses, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, the legal landscape governing advertising, promotional and other marketing activities can vary widely from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and is often more complex, less clear or less developed than in the United States. If our marketing activities are found to be in violation of local laws, regulations or practices, we may be subject to fines and other penalties, and may be required to cease marketing or commercialization activities in such jurisdiction. If our sales and marketing efforts are not successful outside of the United States, we may not achieve market acceptance for our tests outside of the United States, which would harm our business. Operating internationally requires significant management attention and financial resources. We cannot be certain that the investment and additional resources required to increase international revenues or expand our international presence will produce desired levels of revenues or profitability. If we lose the services of our founder and Executive Chairman, our Chief Executive Officer, or other members of our senior management team, we may not be able to execute our business strategy. Our success depends in large part upon the continued service of our senior management team. In particular, our founder and Executive Chairman, Matthew Rabinowitz, as well as Steve Chapman, our Chief Executive Officer, are critical to our vision, strategic direction, culture, products and technology. Although Dr. Rabinowitz spends significant time with us and is active in our management, he is no longer our Chief Executive Officer. In addition, we do not maintain key-man insurance for Dr. Rabinowitz, Mr. Chapman or any other member of our senior management team. The loss of our founder and Executive Chairman, our Chief Executive Officer or one or more other members of our senior management team could have an adverse effect on our business. We may engage in acquisitions, dispositions or other strategic transactions that could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders or reduce our financial resources. From time to time, we may enter into transactions to acquire or dispose of businesses, products or technologies or to engage in other strategic transactions. We may not be able to complete such transactions on favorable terms or at all. Any acquisitions or other strategic transactions we consummate may not strengthen our competitive position, and these transactions may be viewed negatively by customers or investors. We may decide to incur debt in connection with an acquisition or issue shares of our common stock or other equity securities to the stockholders of the acquired company, 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 which would cause dilution to our existing stockholders. We could incur losses resulting from such strategic transactions, including undiscovered liabilities of an acquired business that are not covered by any indemnification we may obtain from the seller. In addition, we may not be able to successfully integrate any acquired personnel, technologies and operations into our existing business in an effective, timely and non-disruptive manner. Any dispositions may also cause us to lose revenue and may not strengthen our financial position. Strategic transactions may also divert management attention from day-to-day responsibilities, increase our expenses, result in accounting charges, and reduce our cash available for operations and other uses. We cannot predict the number, timing or size of future strategic transactions or the effect that any such transactions might have on our operating results. We are involved in legal proceedings, regulatory investigations and inquiries and other legal matters, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We are involved in legal matters, including investigations, subpoenas, demands, disputes, litigation, requests for information, and other regulatory or administrative actions or proceedings, including those with respect to intellectual property, testing and test performance, billing, reimbursement, marketing, short seller and media allegations, employment, and other matters. An independent committee of our board of directors initiated and completed an internal investigation into the allegations made in a March 2022 short seller report, with the assistance of the law firm of WilmerHale LLP, or WilmerHale. WilmerHale had access to company executives, personnel, records, communications, and documents. Based on the investigation, the independent committee, on behalf of the board, concluded that the allegations of wrongdoing against the Company in the report were unfounded. We are responding to ongoing regulatory and governmental investigations, subpoenas and inquiries, and contesting our current legal matters, and cannot provide any assurance as to the ultimate outcome with respect to any of the foregoing. There are many uncertainties associated with these matters. Such matters may cause us to incur costly litigation and/or substantial settlement charges, divert management attention, result in adverse judgments, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief, and may result in loss of customer or investor confidence regardless of their merit or ultimate outcome. In addition, the resolution of any intellectual property litigation may require us to make royalty payments, which could adversely affect gross margins in future periods. If any of the foregoing were to occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, prospects, or stock price could be adversely affected. We may need to raise additional capital, and if we cannot do so when needed or on commercially acceptable terms, we will be required to slow or cease our investment in our product development and commercialization plans, which would have an adverse effect on our business. We have incurred net losses since our inception, and we anticipate net losses and negative operating cash flows for the near future. While we have introduced multiple products that are generating revenues, these revenues may not be sufficient to fund all of our operations, including our product development and commercialization plans. Consequently, we will need to generate additional revenues to achieve future profitability and may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financings, corporate collaborations or licensing arrangements to continue to fund or expand our operations. Our actual liquidity and capital funding requirements will depend on numerous factors, including: our ability to achieve broader commercial success with Panorama, Horizon and our other products; the costs and success of our research, development, and commercialization efforts for potential new products and additional indications for, and enhancements to, current products; our ability to obtain more extensive coverage and reimbursement for our tests, including for microdeletions screening in NIPT, as well as in additional indications in oncology and organ health as we continue to invest in expanding our offerings in these fields; our ability to generate sufficient revenues from our cloud-based distribution model; 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 our ability to collect on our accounts receivable; our need to finance capital expenditures and further expand our clinical laboratory operations; our ability to manage our operating costs; and the timing and results of any regulatory authorizations that we are required to obtain for our tests. Additional capital, if needed, may not be available on satisfactory terms or at all. Furthermore, any additional capital raised through the sale of equity or equity-linked securities, or grant of equity or equity-linked securities in connection with any debt financing, will dilute stockholders ownership interests in us and may have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. In addition, the terms of any financing may adversely affect stockholders holdings or rights. Debt financing, if available, may include restrictive covenants, and may impose other constraints on us and our operations. To the extent that we raise capital through collaborations and licensing arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish some rights to our technologies or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are not able to obtain adequate funding when needed, we may be required to delay or slow our investment in the development and commercialization of our products and significantly scale back our business and operations, which would have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we may have to work with a partner on one or more of our tests or programs, which could lower the economic value of those programs to our company. We have incurred substantial indebtedness that may decrease our business flexibility, access to capital, and/or increase our borrowing costs, which may adversely affect our operations and financial results. In April 2020, we issued 287.5 million aggregate principal amount of 2.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027, or the Convertible Notes. Our indebtedness may: limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes; limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes; require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments; limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions. Further, the indenture governing the Convertible Notes does not restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness and we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in any future debt instruments existing at the time, some of which may be secured indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, we have 80.4 million of outstanding balance of the Credit Line including accrued interest. The Credit Line is secured by a first priority lien and security interest in the Company s money market and marketable securities held in its managed investment account with UBS. UBS has the right to demand full or partial payment of the Credit Line obligations and terminate the Credit Line, in its discretion and without cause, at any time. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Recent macroeconomic pressures resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and ongoing geopolitical matters, or future health epidemics, may have an adverse impact on our business, financial results and prospects. While the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic has lessened significantly, the pandemic has had a significant negative impact on the macroeconomic environment, such as decreases in per capita income and level of disposable income, inflation, rising interest rates, and supply chain issues. Ongoing geopolitical matters have also contributed to difficult macroeconomic conditions and exacerbated supply chain issues, resulting in significant economic uncertainty as well as volatility in the financial markets, particularly in the United States. Such conditions may adversely impact our business, financial results, and prospects. In addition, such macroeconomic conditions could impact our ability to access the public markets as and when appropriate or necessary to carry out our operations or our strategic goals. We cannot predict the ongoing extent, duration or severity of these conditions, nor the extent to which we may be impacted. To the extent that there is a resurgence in the COVID-19 pandemic, or other health epidemics or outbreaks, our operations could be disrupted and our business adversely impacted. Such disruptions or impacts may be similar to those we faced during the COVID-19 pandemic, such as mandated business closures in impacted areas, limitations with employee resources due to stay at home orders or sickness of employees or their families, reduced demand for certain of our products, or supply constraints. Ethical, legal and social concerns related to the use of genetic information could reduce demand for our tests. DNA testing, like that conducted using Panorama, Horizon, Signatera, and our other products, has raised ethical, legal and social issues regarding privacy and the appropriate uses of the resulting information. Governmental authorities could, for social or other purposes, limit or regulate the use of genomic information or genomic testing or prohibit testing for genetic predisposition to certain conditions, particularly for those that have no known cure. Patients may also refuse to use genetic tests even if permissible, for similar reasons such as religious concerns; they may also refuse genetic testing due to concerns regarding eligibility for life or other insurance. Ethical and social concerns may also influence U.S. and foreign patent offices and courts with regard to patent protection for technology relevant to our business. These and other ethical, legal and social concerns may limit market acceptance of our tests or reduce the potential markets for services and products enabled by our technology platform, either of which could harm our business. Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. We have a significant amount of net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards that can be used to offset potential future taxable income and related income taxes. As of December 31, 2022, we had federal, state, and foreign NOL carryforwards of approximately 1.4 billion, 1.0 billion and 3.8 million, respectively, which, if not utilized, begin to expire in 2027, 2028, and 2031, respectively. Approximately 1.1 billion of these federal NOLs can be carried forward indefinitely. We also had federal research and development credit carryforwards of approximately 48.9 million, which begin to expire in 2027, and state research and development credit carryforwards of approximately 29.7 million, which can be carried forward indefinitely. Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (generally defined as a greater than 50 change, by value, in equity ownership over any three-year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. We may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may not be within our control. Our ability to use these carryforwards could be limited if we experience an ownership change. Our estimates of total addressable market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates. Total addressable market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. Our publicly announced estimates and forecasts relating to the size and expected growth of our market may prove to be inaccurate. Even if a market in which we compete meets our size estimates and forecasted growth for such market, our business could fail to grow at similar rates. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Reimbursement If we are unable to expand, maintain or obtain third-party payer coverage and reimbursement for Panorama, Horizon and our other tests, or if we are required to refund any reimbursements already received, our revenues and results of operations would be adversely affected. Our business depends on our ability to obtain and maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers and patients. Third-party reimbursement for our testing represents a significant portion of our revenues, and we expect third-party payers such as insurance companies and government healthcare programs to continue to be our primary source of payments. In particular, we believe that in order for us to continue to achieve commercial success, we will need to achieve insurance coverage for microdeletions screening, and obtain positive coverage determinations and favorable reimbursement rates from commercial third-party payers, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid, or CMS, and state reimbursement programs for our tests. Historically, we have not received reimbursement for a significant number of Panorama tests that we have performed for microdeletions; we have published data from our SMART Study, but we cannot be certain whether, or to what extent, the SMART Study may impact insurance coverage and reimbursement for Panorama for microdeletions. In addition, while we have received a positive local coverage determination from the Molecular Diagnostic Services Program, which identifies and establishes Medicare coverage and reimbursement for molecular diagnostic tests, to provide Medicare benefits for certain specified uses and indications of our Signatera test, we cannot guarantee that our test will be reimbursed at the rate we expect. Furthermore, while we have also received a positive coverage decision for our Prospera Kidney test, we cannot guarantee that our test will continue to be reimbursed at the same or a similar rate as we have received thus far. If we are unable to obtain or maintain coverage or adequate reimbursement from, or achieve in network status with, third party payers for our existing or future tests, our ability to generate revenues will be limited. For example, physicians may be reluctant to order our tests due to the potential of a substantial cost to the patient if reimbursement coverage is unavailable or insufficient. In making coverage determinations, third-party payers often rely on practice guidelines issued by professional societies. The practice guidelines issued by professional societies now generally acknowledge that NIPT is the most sensitive screening option for, and/or are generally supportive of NIPT in, average-risk pregnancies, in addition to high-risk pregnancies. However, while most third-party payers now reimburse for NIPT for average-risk patients, it remains the case that not all third-party payers, particularly state Medicaid payers, do so. Furthermore, many third-party payers do not reimburse for microdeletions screening. While we have published data on the performance of Panorama for the 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, including most recently from our SMART Study, we have and may continue to experience low reimbursement rates for Panorama for microdeletions, and we may otherwise be unable to obtain positive coverage determinations for our test. If third party payers do not reimburse for NIPT for microdeletions in the future, our future revenues and results of operations would be adversely affected, particularly to the extent that we continue to perform large volumes of tests for which third party payors do not reimburse. In addition, a CPT code for microdeletions took effect in January 2017. We have experienced low average reimbursement rates for microdeletions under this code, and we expect that this code will continue to cause our microdeletions reimbursement to remain low, at least in the near term, due to third-party payers declining to reimburse and as a result of reduced reimbursement, under the code, which has had, and we expect to continue to have, an adverse effect on our revenues. Also, a CPT code for expanded carrier screening tests took effect in January 2019. The code has caused and may continue to cause reimbursement rates for our broader Horizon carrier screening panel to decrease because those tests may be reimbursed as a combined single panel instead of as multiple individual tests. The reimbursement environment, particularly for molecular diagnostics, is continually changing and our efforts to broaden reimbursement for our tests with third-party payers may not be successful. Third parties, such as commercial health insurers and government programs, from whom we have received reimbursement may withdraw coverage or decrease the amount of reimbursement for our tests at any time and for any reason, or may otherwise adopt requirements, programs or policies that may restrict or adversely affect our business. For example, in September 2022, the California Department of Public Health, or CDPH, implemented changes to its Prenatal Screening (PNS) Program, under which the state of California makes prenatal screening and follow-up diagnostic testing available to pregnant Californians, to offer cfDNA testing as a first line screen instead of the biochemical screening tests previously used. We are participating in the PNS program, but it remains uncertain whether and to what extent our participation in the PNS Program may impact our 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 overall financial and operating results. In addition, in some cases, our tests or their uses within certain populations, such as for microdeletions, are considered experimental by third-party payers and, as a result, some payers have decided not to cover or reimburse for such tests. Some third-party payers bundle payment for multiple tests or tests that screen for multiple conditions, such as our Horizon test or our Panorama test and the separate Panorama screen for microdeletions, into a single payment rate, thereby limiting our reimbursement in those situations. Payers may also dispute our billing or coding. Based on any of the foregoing, third-party payers may also decide to deny payment or recoup payment for testing that they contend to have been not medically necessary, against their coverage determinations, or for which they have otherwise overpaid, and we may be required to refund reimbursements already received. We deal with requests for recoupment from third-party payers from time to time in the ordinary course of our business, and it is likely that we will continue to do so in the future. See Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies Third-Party Payer Reimbursement Audits in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. If a third-party payer denies payment for testing, reimbursement revenue for our testing could decline. If a third-party payer successfully proves that payment for prior testing was in breach of contract or otherwise contrary to law, they may recoup payment or bring legal action to do so, which amounts could be significant and would adversely impact our results of operations, and it may decrease reimbursement going forward. We may also decide to negotiate and settle with a third-party payer in order to resolve an allegation of overpayment. Any of these outcomes might require us to restate our financials from a prior period, which would likely cause our stock price to decline. For example, in 2018 we reached a settlement with certain government payers regarding past reimbursement submissions; although the settlement involved no admission of fault by us and no corporate integrity agreement, we cannot guarantee that we will not be subject to similar claims, resulting in additional settlements or repayments, in the future. Furthermore, some of our contracts with third-party payers contain so-called most favored nation provisions, pursuant to which we have agreed that we will not bill the third-party payer more than we bill any other third-party payer. We must therefore monitor our billing and claims submissions to ensure that we remain in compliance with these contractual requirements with third-party payers. If we do not successfully manage these most favored nation provisions, we may need to forego revenues from some third-party payers or reduce the amount we bill to each third-party payor with a most-favored nation clause in its contract that is violated, which would adversely affect our revenues. This situation could also subject us to claims for recoupment, which could require the time and attention of our management, require the expense of engaging outside counsel or consultants, and may be a distraction from development of our business, adversely impacting our operations. Such recoupment demands could also ultimately result in an obligation to repay amounts previously earned. In addition, if a third-party payer denies coverage, it may be difficult for us to collect from the patient, and we may not be successful in doing so. In particular, we are often unable to collect the full amount of a patient s responsibility where we are an out-of-network provider and the patient is left with a large balance, despite our good faith efforts to collect. As a result, we cannot always collect the full amount due for our tests when third-party payers deny coverage, cover only a portion of the invoiced amount or the patient has a large cost-sharing obligation, which may cause payers to raise questions regarding our billing policies and patient collection practices. We believe that our billing policies and our patient collection practices are compliant with applicable laws and reimbursement policies. However, from time to time we receive inquiries from third-party payers regarding our billing policies and collection practices. We address these inquiries as and when they arise, but there is no guarantee that we will always be successful in addressing such concerns in the future, which may result in a third-party payer deciding to reimburse for our tests at a lower rate or not at all, seeking recoupment of amounts previously paid to us, or bringing legal action to seek reimbursement of previous amounts paid. Any of such occurrences could cause reimbursement revenue for our testing, which constitutes the large majority of our revenue, to decline. Additionally, if we were required to make a repayment, such repayment could be significant, which would adversely impact our results of operations, and we might be required to restate our financials from a prior period, which would likely cause our stock price to decline. Our revenues may be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully obtain reimbursement from the Medicare program and state Medicaid programs. Our revenues from Medicare are currently relatively small, given the population that Medicare covers and the fact that our testing in women s health, which comprises the significant majority of our business, generally is not received by Medicare beneficiaries. As a result, we do not expect our Medicare revenues to change materially with regard to NIPT. However, Medicare reimbursement impacts our revenues from our oncology and organ health products, as a large 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 proportion of these patients are covered by Medicare. Furthermore, Medicare reimbursement can affect both Medicaid reimbursement, which is relevant to NIPT, and reimbursement from commercial third-party payers. Specifically, fee-for-service Medicaid programs generally do not reimburse at rates that exceed Medicare s fee-for-service rates, and many commercial third-party payers set their payment rates at a percentage of the amounts that Medicare pays for testing services. Medicare reimbursement rates are typically based on the Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule, or CLFS, set by CMS. Our current Medicare Part B reimbursement for Panorama was not set pursuant to a national coverage determination by CMS. Although we believe that coverage is available under Medicare Part B even without such a determination, we currently lack the certainty afforded by a formal national coverage determination by CMS. Thus, CMS could issue an adverse coverage determination as to Panorama which could influence other third-party payers, including Medicaid, and could have an adverse effect on our revenues. It is estimated that nearly half of all births in the United States are to state Medicaid program recipients. Each state s Medicaid program has its own coverage determinations related to our testing, and many state Medicaid programs do not provide their recipients with coverage for our testing. Even if our testing is covered by a state Medicaid program, we must be recognized as a Medicaid provider by the state in which the Medicaid recipient receiving the services resides in order for us to be reimbursed by a state s Medicaid program, including under a Medicaid managed care plan. Our San Carlos, CA laboratory is currently recognized by 48 U.S. states as a Medicaid provider, and we are currently in the process of obtaining recognition of our Austin, TX laboratory as a Medicaid provider in states in which the Austin laboratory is not already credentialed. However, even if we are recognized as a Medicaid provider in a state, if Medicare s CLFS rate for our services and tests are low, the Medicaid reimbursement amounts are sometimes as low, or lower, than the Medicare reimbursement rate. In addition, from time to time we receive requests from state Medicaid programs seeking information or documents to determine eligibility for and the amount of Medicaid reimbursement. As a result of all of these factors, many state Medicaid programs only reimburse our testing at a low dollar amount, or not at all. Low or zero-dollar Medicaid reimbursement rates for our tests could have an adverse effect on our business and revenues. Our revenues may be adversely impacted if third-party payers withdraw coverage or provide lower levels of reimbursement due to changing policies, billing complexities or other factors. We are in-network, or under contract, with the significant majority of third-party payers from whom we receive reimbursement; this means that we have agreements with most third-party payers that govern test approval or payment terms. However, these contracts do not guarantee reimbursement for all testing we perform. For example, third-party payers with whom we have written agreements may have time-sensitive deadlines to file claims or may have policies that state they will not reimburse for the screening of microdeletions, or don t have a policy in place to reimburse for microdeletions screening. In addition, the terms of certain of our payer agreements require the ordering physician or qualified practitioner s signature on test requisitions or require other controls and procedures prior to conducting a test. In particular, third-party payers have increasingly required prior authorization to be obtained prior to conducting a test, as a condition to reimbursing for the test. This has placed a burden on our billing operations as we have to dedicate or source resources to ensuring that these requirements are met and to conduct follow-up and address issues as they arise, and has also impacted our results of operations, including our gross margins, since these requirements began to take effect. To the extent we or the physicians ordering our tests do not follow the prior authorization requirements, we may be subject to claims for recoupment of reimbursement amounts previously paid to us, or may not receive some or all of the reimbursement payments to which we would otherwise be entitled. This has occurred in some cases and may occur more frequently in the future, which does and would have an adverse impact on our revenues. Where we are considered to be an out of network provider, which is the case with some third-party payers from whom we receive reimbursement, such third-party payers could deny coverage and decline to reimburse for our tests according to each plan enrollee s policy. Managing reimbursement on a case-by-case basis is time-consuming and contributes to an increase in the number of days it takes us to collect on accounts, which also increases our risk of non-payment. Negotiating reimbursement on a case-by-case basis also typically results in the receipt of reimbursement at a significant discount to the list price of our tests. Even if we are being reimbursed for our tests, third-party payers may review and adjust the rate of reimbursement, require patient cost-sharing, or stop paying for our tests. Government healthcare programs and other third-party payers continue to increase their efforts to control the cost, utilization and delivery of healthcare services by demanding price discounts or rebates and limiting coverage of, and amounts they will pay for, molecular diagnostic tests. These measures 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 have resulted in reduced payment rates and decreased utilization in the clinical laboratory industry. Because of these cost-containment measures, governmental and commercial third-party payers may reduce, suspend, revoke or discontinue payments or coverage at any time, including payors that currently provide reimbursement for our tests. Reduced reimbursement of our tests may harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. Billing for clinical laboratory testing services is complex. We perform tests in advance of payment and without certainty as to the outcome of the billing process. In cases where we expect to receive a fixed fee per test due to our reimbursement arrangements, we may nevertheless encounter disputes over pricing and billing. Among the factors complicating our billing of third-party payers are disparity in coverage among various payers; disparity in, and increasingly difficult, information and billing requirements among payers, including with respect to prior authorization requirements and procedures and establishing medical necessity; and incorrect or missing billing information, which is required to be provided by the ordering healthcare practitioner. These billing complexities, and the associated uncertainty in obtaining payment for our tests, could result in reduced reimbursement of our tests, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. A CPT code specific to NIPT for aneuploidies, and a CPT code for microdeletions, are in place, and CMS has established a pricing benchmark for aneuploidy and microdeletions testing. However, our microdeletions reimbursement has remained low because third-party payers are declining to reimburse, or reimbursing at low rates, under the microdeletions CPT code. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that any data that we publish, such as from our SMART Study, will be sufficient to enable us to obtain positive coverage determinations for Panorama for microdeletions, negotiate favorable rates under the microdeletions CPT code, or receive reimbursement at all for this testing. In addition, a CPT code for expanded carrier screening tests has been implemented, which has caused and may continue to cause reimbursement rates for our Horizon expanded carrier screening tests to decline. We do not currently have assay-specific CPT codes assigned for all of our tests, and there is a risk that we may not be able to obtain such codes or, if obtained, we may not be able to negotiate favorable rates for such codes. We currently submit for reimbursement using CPT codes based on the guidance of outside coding experts and legal counsel. There is a risk that the codes we currently submit may be rejected or withdrawn or that third-party payers will seek refunds of amounts that they claim were inappropriately billed based on either the CPT code used, or the number of units billed. In addition, third-party payers may not establish positive coverage policies for our tests or adequately reimburse for any CPT code we may use, or seek recoupment for testing previously performed, which have occurred in the past. Regulatory and Compliance Risks We may be subject to increased compliance risks as a result of our rapid growth, including our dependence on our sales, marketing and billing efforts. Approximately 89 of our total revenues for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were attributable to our U.S. direct sales. We maintain a heightened focus on our training and compliance efforts in line with our reliance on personnel in our sales, marketing and billing functions, and the significance of these functions as components of our business. We continue to educate, train and monitor our personnel, but from time to time we experience situations in which employees fail to strictly adhere to our policies. In addition, sales and marketing activities in the healthcare space are subject to various rules and regulations, as described in the risk factor entitled Reimbursement and Regulatory Risks Related to Our Business If we or our laboratory distribution partners, consultants or commercial partners act in a manner that violates healthcare fraud and abuse laws or otherwise engage in misconduct, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties . Moreover, our billing and marketing messaging can be complex and nuanced, and there may be errors or misunderstandings in our employees communication of such messaging. Furthermore, we utilize text messaging, email, phone calls and other similar methods to communicate with patients who are existing or potential users of our products for various business purposes. These activities subject us to laws and regulations relating to communications with consumers, such as the CAN-SPAM Act and the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, violations of which could subject us to claims by consumers, who may seek actual or statutory damages, as has happened in the past, which could be material in the aggregate. As our sales and marketing efforts continue to be critical to our business, with respect to both our expanding product portfolio as well as continued geographical expansion, we will continue to face an increased need to remain vigilant in monitoring and improving our policies, processes and procedures to maintain compliance with a growing number and variety of laws and regulations, including with respect to consumer marketing. To 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 the extent that there is any violation, whether actual, perceived or alleged, of our policies or applicable laws and regulations, we may incur additional training and compliance costs; may, and from time to time do, receive inquiries, such as informal requests for documents, civil investigative demands, and subpoenas, from third-party payers or other third parties, including government entities; or may be held liable or otherwise responsible for such acts of non-compliance. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our cash flow and financial condition. If the FDA were to begin actively regulating our tests, we could incur substantial costs and delays associated with trying to obtain premarket 510(k) clearance, de novo classification, or premarket approval and incur costs associated with complying with post-market controls. We currently offer a number of genetic tests, and each of those tests is an LDT. The FDA considers an LDT to be a test that is designed, developed, validated and used within a single laboratory. The FDA has historically taken the position that it has the authority to regulate such tests as medical devices under the FDC Act, but it has generally exercised enforcement discretion with regard to LDTs. This means that even though the FDA believes it can impose regulatory requirements on LDTs, such as requirements to obtain premarket approval, de novo classification, or 510(k) clearance, it has generally chosen not to enforce those requirements to date. The regulatory environment for LDTs is unstable in 2020 HHS directed FDA to stop regulating LDTs, but in 2021, HHS reversed its policy. Thereafter, the FDA resumed requiring submission of emergency use authorization, or EUA, requests, for COVID-19 LDTs, but has not sought to regulate other, non-COVID, LDTs. FDA has indicated that it may seek to increase its regulation of LDTs. Any future rulemaking, guidance, or other FDA oversight of LDTs and clinical laboratories that develop and perform them, if and when finalized, may impact the sales of our products and how customers use our products, and may require us to change our business model in order to maintain compliance with these laws. Various legislation has been introduced seeking to substantially revamp the regulation of both LDTs and IVDs. In June 2021, legislation called the Verifying Accurate, Leading-edge IVCT Development Act, or VALID Act, which would have established a new risk-based regulatory framework for in vitro clinical tests, or IVCTs, a category that would have included IVDs, LDTs, collection devices, and instruments used with such tests was introduced in Congress. This legislation was not enacted during that session of Congress but could be introduced again in the future. In the meantime, the regulation by the FDA of LDTs remains uncertain. If FDA premarket clearance, approval or de novo classification is required for any of our existing or future tests, or for any components or materials we use in tests, we may be forced to stop selling our tests or we may be required to modify claims for or make other changes to our tests while we or our supplier work to obtain FDA clearance, approval or de novo classification. Our business would be adversely affected while such review is ongoing and if we or our supplier are ultimately unable to obtain premarket clearance, approval or de novo classification. For example, the regulatory premarket clearance, approval or de novo classification process may involve, among other things, successfully completing analytical, pre clinical and/or clinical studies beyond the studies we have already performed or plan to perform for each of our products and would involve submitting a 510(k) premarket notification, , a request for de novo classification, or a PMA application to the FDA. As further described in the risk factor entitled Uncertainty in the development and commercialization of our enhanced or new tests or services could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, completing such studies requires the expenditure of time, attention and financial and other resources, and may not yield the desired results, which may delay, limit or prevent regulatory clearances, approvals or de novo classifications. In addition, we may require cooperation in our filings for FDA clearance, approval or de novo classification from third party manufacturers of the components of our tests. If we are unable to obtain such required cooperation, we may be unable to achieve the desired regulatory clearances, approvals or de novo classifications or may be delayed or be required to expend additional costs and other resources in doing so. For example, Illumina currently is our sole sequencer and sequencing reagent supplier. If we seek to achieve regulatory clearance, approval or de novo classification for Panorama, to the extent that Panorama incorporates Illumina s sequencer or sequencing reagents, we may require Illumina s cooperation in the regulatory process. We may face difficulty obtaining cooperation from Illumina because Illumina is the parent company of Verinata, a direct competitor of ours in the NIPT field. In addition, we have been party to certain intellectual property proceedings with Illumina as described elsewhere in these Risk Factors. Moreover, if FDA premarket clearance, approval or de novo classification is required, our cash flows may be adversely affected until we obtain such clearance, approval or de novo classification, as most third party payers, including Medicaid, will not reimburse for use of medical devices which are required to, but which do not, have marketing authorization. Furthermore, the FDA may conclude that laboratories 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 using Constellation and related products from us do not meet the criteria for qualifying as an LDT, and require that such laboratories discontinue use of Constellation and related products. Such an FDA determination could have an adverse impact on the commercialization of Constellation. The FDA has granted us Breakthrough Device designations for our Signatera test covering its use in various applications. While receiving such designations enables us to have increased interactions with FDA, we cannot assure you that these designations will lead to accelerated review or approval of our regulatory submissions for Signatera. We cannot assure you that, if we decide or are required to seek premarket clearance or approval or de novo classification for Panorama or any of our other tests, our efforts will succeed on a timely basis or at all. In addition, after a test has been cleared, approved or reclassified, certain kinds of changes that we may make to improve the test, or certain modifications by a supplier of a component upon which our approval relies, may result in the need for additional clearance, approval, or de novo classification by the FDA before we can implement them, which could increase the time and expense involved in implementing such changes commercially. The need for post-market compliance with FDA regulations would increase the cost of conducting our business and we could be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with these requirements, any of which may adversely impact our business and results of operations. Furthermore, the FDA or the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, as well as state consumer protection agencies, may object to the materials and methods we use to promote the use of our current tests or other LDTs we may develop in the future, including with respect to the product claims in our promotional materials, and may initiate enforcement actions against us. Enforcement actions by the FDA may include, among others, untitled or warning letters; fines; injunctions; civil or criminal penalties; recall or seizure of current or future tests, products or services; operating restrictions and partial suspension or total shutdown of production. Enforcement actions by the FTC and state consumer protection agencies may include, among others, injunctions, civil penalties, and equitable monetary relief. If any of our software is determined by FDA to be non-exempt clinical decision support software, this could impede our ability to perform certain activities, and we could incur substantial costs and delays associated with trying to obtain premarket 510(k) clearance, de novo classification, or premarket approval and incur costs associated with complying with post market controls. We may also need to obtain regulatory clearance, approval or de novo classification in the United States for our Constellation software in order for it to be used by third parties in the development and commercialization of their diagnostic tests based on our technology. The 21st Century Cures Act, enacted in 2016, includes a number of provisions relating to the FDA s regulatory approach to software that may have bearing on the regulatory status of our Constellation software. We have discussed with the FDA the regulatory status of a portion of our Constellation software, the copy number calculator, or CNC. The FDA has indicated that the CNC may be appropriate for review under the de novo classification process, which is less burdensome than the PMA process. The FDA has stated that it would not prevent us from marketing Constellation in the United States while we discuss with the FDA how it will be regulated; however, it is possible that the FDA may reverse itself either on the appropriate regulatory review path or regarding our ability to continue to market Constellation. We cannot assure you that, if we decide or are required to seek premarket clearance or approval or de novo classification for our software, our efforts will succeed on a timely basis or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to commercialize our cloud based distribution model in the United States. If we are able to do so, we may be subject to ongoing FDA obligations and continued regulatory oversight and review. If we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance to the extent required, we may not be permitted to offer our Constellation software and may be subject to enforcement action by the FDA, such as the issuance of warning or untitled letters, fines, injunctions and civil penalties; recall or seizure of products; operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. Failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals may adversely affect our ability to expand our operations internationally, including our ability to continue commercializing our cloud-based distribution model. An important part of our business strategy is to expand and offer our tests internationally, either by providing our testing services directly or through our laboratory partners, or through our licensees under our Constellation cloud-based 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 distribution model. As we do so, we will become increasingly subject to or impacted by the regulatory requirements of foreign jurisdictions, which are varied and complex. Our tests, and certain components of our tests, may be subject to the regulatory approval requirements in each foreign country in which they are sold by us or a laboratory partner, or by our licensees under our cloud-based distribution model, and our future performance would depend on us or our partners or licensees obtaining any necessary regulatory approvals in a timely manner. For example, while we have entered into a license agreement with BGI Genomics to commercialize our Signatera test in China using BGI Genomics s sequencing instruments and platform, such commercialization and development activities are subject to obtaining and maintaining necessary regulatory approvals in the relevant jurisdictions. In addition, we have obtained a CE Mark from the European Commission for our Constellation software and the key reagents for our licensees to run their NIPT based on our technology, as well as a CE Mark for our Panorama test as a whole. Therefore, we offer our Panorama test as an IVD both directly and through our Constellation model in these jurisdictions. We are occasionally required to address inquiries from regulatory authorities in various countries, such as those in the European Union, regarding the regulatory status of our Panorama or Constellation offerings. If we do not continue to satisfactorily address any such questions in the future, we may be required to cease offering our products, either directly or through our partners or licensees, in the relevant country. This may in turn result in similar concerns, and subsequent cessation of our sources of revenue, in other countries. In addition, as further described in the risk factor entitled Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We rely on a limited number of suppliers or, in some cases, single suppliers, for some of our laboratory instruments and materials and may not be able to find replacements or immediately transition to alternative suppliers , blood collection tubes sourced solely from Streck are required to run our tests. These blood collection tubes are CE Marked by the European Commission; however, if such blood collection tubes are not registered in jurisdictions that do not accept a CE Mark, we may be unable to expand our business in such jurisdictions. Regulatory approval can be a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process. In addition, regulatory processes are subject to change, and new or changed regulations can result in unanticipated delays and cost increases. For example, the European Commission has adopted revised in-vitro diagnostic regulations, or IVDR, which became effective in 2022. Among others, the new regulations introduce risk-based classification for IVDs and will require notified body involvement for various classes of devices, including reproductive health tests such as Panorama, which will be classified as a Class C product. As such, we will also be required to submit clinical evidence and post-market performance data to regulators. We or our partners or licensees may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all, which may cause us to incur additional costs or prevent us from marketing our tests in the United States or in foreign countries. Changes in laws and regulations, or in their application, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The clinical laboratory testing industry is highly regulated, and failure to comply with applicable regulatory, supervisory, accreditation, registration or licensing requirements may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, the laws and regulations governing the marketing and research of clinical diagnostic testing are extremely complex and in many instances there are no clear regulatory or judicial interpretations of these laws and regulations, increasing the risk that we may be found to be in violation of these laws. Furthermore, the molecular diagnostics industry as a whole is a growing industry and regulatory bodies such as HHS or the FDA may apply heightened scrutiny to our products or to new developments in the field. While we have taken steps to ensure compliance with the current regulatory regime in all material respects, given its nature and our geographical diversity, there could be areas where we are non-compliant. Any change in the federal or state laws or regulations, including as a result of political pressure, relating to our business may require us to implement changes to our business or practices, and we may not be able to do so in a timely or cost-effective manner. Should we be found to be non-compliant with current or future regulatory requirements, we may be subject to sanctions which could include substantial financial penalties and criminal proceedings, which could result in changes to our operations, adverse publicity and other consequences, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations by increasing our cost of compliance or limiting our ability to develop, market and commercialize our tests. While we have a compliance plan to address compliance with federal and state laws and regulations, including applicable fraud and abuse laws and regulations such as those described in this risk factor, the evolving commercial 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and scalable systems to comply with regulations in multiple jurisdictions with different compliance and reporting requirements increases the possibility that we could inadvertently violate one or more of these requirements. If we fail to comply with federal, state and foreign laboratory licensing requirements, we could lose the ability to perform our tests or experience disruptions to our business. We are subject to CLIA, a federal law that, in partnership with the states, regulates clinical laboratories that perform testing on specimens derived from humans for the purpose of providing information for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of disease or impairment of, or assessment of the health of, human beings. CLIA regulations require clinical laboratories to obtain a certificate and mandate specific standards in areas including personnel qualifications, administration, participation in proficiency testing, patient test management and quality assurance. CLIA certification is also required in order for us to be eligible to bill federal healthcare programs, as well as many commercial third-party payers, for our tests. Our laboratories located in Austin, Texas and San Carlos, California are both CLIA certified and accredited by the College of American Pathologists, or CAP, a third party accreditation organization with deeming, or delegated, authority from CMS to determine compliance. To renew these certifications, we are subject to survey and inspection every two years. Moreover, CLIA and/or state inspectors may conduct random inspections of our clinical laboratory or conduct an inspection as a result of a complaint or reported incident, as has occurred. Any failure to address identified deficiencies, or to otherwise comply with CLIA, CAP or state requirements, can result in enforcement actions, including the revocation, suspension, or limitation of our CLIA and/or CAP certificate of accreditation or state laboratory permit, as well as a directed plan of correction, on-site monitoring, civil monetary penalties, civil actions for injunctive relief, criminal penalties, suspension or exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs and significant adverse publicity. Bringing our laboratory back into compliance with CLIA requirements could cause us to incur significant expenses and potentially lose revenues in order to address deficiencies and achieve compliance. Some U.S. states require that we hold licenses or permits to test samples from patients in those states, even if our laboratory facilities are not located in those states, and as a result we are also required to maintain standards related to those states licensure requirements to conduct testing in our laboratories. California requires laboratories operating in or testing specimens from individuals located in California to hold state licensure in addition to CLIA certification. California laboratory registration is required for our San Carlos, California as well as for our Austin, Texas laboratory, because our Texas laboratory receives specimens originating from California. The State of Texas imposes CLIA requirements on laboratories operating within Texas but does not impose additional state licensure or registration requirements. Additionally, all personnel involved in testing in our California laboratory must maintain a California state license or be supervised by licensed personnel. We maintain a license in good standing with the California Department of Public Health, or CDPH, for both our California and Texas laboratories. In addition, the New York State Department of Health, or NYSDOH, requires out-of-state laboratories that test specimens originating from New York to hold an NYSDOH permit and to comply with NYSDOH laboratory standards, including prior NYSDOH approval of LDTs. Both our Austin, Texas and San Carlos, California laboratories have received approval from the NYSDOH to offer certain of our tests to residents of New York, and we process samples originating from New York at each of these laboratories in accordance with the NYSDOH approvals. Our laboratory director must also maintain a license to perform testing issued by the CDPH as well as a Certificate of Qualification issued by NYSDOH. As under CLIA, we are subject to routine on-site inspections or inspections in response to a complaint under both California and New York state laboratory laws and regulations. If we are found to be out of compliance with either California or New York requirements, CDPH or NYSDOH may suspend, restrict or revoke our license or laboratory permit, respectively (and, with respect to California, may exclude persons or entities from owning, operating or directing a laboratory for two years following such license revocation), assess civil monetary penalties, or impose specific corrective action plans, among other sanctions. We cannot assure you that the regulators in any state from which we have obtained a required license or permit will find us to be in compliance with the applicable laws of their respective state at all times, which may result in suspension, limitation, revocation or annulment of our laboratory s license for that state or negative impact to our CLIA certificate, censure, or civil monetary penalties, and would result in our inability to test samples from patients in that state. Any such consequences could materially and adversely affect our business by prohibiting or limiting our ability to offer testing. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in government healthcare policy could increase our costs and negatively impact coverage and reimbursement for our tests by governmental and other third-party payers. The U.S. government has shown significant interest in pursuing healthcare reform and reducing healthcare costs. Government healthcare policy has been and will likely continue to be a topic of extensive legislative and executive activity in the U.S. federal government and many U.S. state governments. As a result, our business could be affected by potentially significant and unanticipated changes in government healthcare policy, such as changes in reimbursement levels by government third-party payers, or in government-sponsored programs in which we may participate, such as the California PNS Program. Any such changes could substantially impact our revenues, increase costs and divert management attention from our business strategy. We cannot predict the impact, if any, of governmental healthcare policy changes on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the United States, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Healthcare and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, the PPACA expanded, among other things, the healthcare fraud and abuse laws such as the False Claims Act and the Anti-Kickback Statute, including but not limited to required disclosures of financial arrangements with physician customers, required reporting of discovered overpayments, lower thresholds for violations, new government investigative powers, and enhanced penalties for such violations. There have been multiple attempts to repeal PPACA or significantly scale back its applicability, which if successful could negatively impact reimbursement for our testing, and could adversely affect our test volumes and, in turn, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or the Tax Act, repealed the requirement under PPACA that consumers buy insurance or pay a penalty unless they qualified for an applicable exemption. The repeal of this mandate means that fewer consumers may carry insurance coverage and therefore may be less likely to elect to receive our testing because they would be required to pay out of pocket for such tests, which could impact our test volumes and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The PPACA also created a system of health insurance exchanges designed to make health insurance available to individuals and certain groups through state- or federally-administered marketplaces in addition to existing channels for obtaining health insurance coverage. If Panorama or any of our other tests are not covered by plans offered in the health insurance exchanges, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, various proposed legislative initiatives with respect to the PPACA in the past, including possible repeal of the PPACA, have resulted in considerable uncertainty and concern regarding, for example, a patient s election to undergo genetic screening and whether doing so may impact health insurance eligibility. Because it is unclear whether or how the PPACA may continue to evolve, be modified, or otherwise change, and whether and to what extent NIPT, cancer screening or other genetic screening may be affected, we are uncertain how our business may be impacted. In addition to the PPACA, various healthcare reform proposals have also emerged from federal and state governments. Under PAMA, services payable by Medicare under the CLFS are calculated based on negotiated payment rates paid by private payers for the same test. The implementation of the PAMA rates negatively impacted overall pricing and reimbursement for many clinical laboratory testing services. The PAMA rates did not have a material impact on our business because our revenues from Medicare were historically very low; however, as we continue to increase billing for our Signatera and Prospera testing, we expect the new rates to have an increasing impact on our business. In addition, federal budgetary limitations and changes in healthcare policy, such as the creation of broad limits for our tests and requirements that beneficiaries of government health plans pay for, or pay for higher portions of, clinical laboratory tests or services received, could substantially diminish the utilization of our tests, increase costs and adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and achieve profitability. We cannot predict whether future healthcare initiatives will be implemented at the federal or state level or how any such future legislation, regulation or initiative may affect us. Current or potential future federal legislation and the expansion of government s role in the U.S. healthcare industry, as well as changes to the reimbursement amounts paid by third-party payers for our current and future tests, may adversely affect our test volumes and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. If we or our laboratory distribution partners, consultants or commercial partners act in a manner that violates healthcare fraud and abuse laws or otherwise engage in misconduct, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 We are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by both the U.S. federal government and the states in which we conduct our business, including: HIPAA, which created federal civil and criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters and also imposes significant obligations with respect to maintenance of the privacy and security, and transmission, of individually identifiable health information; federal and state laws and regulations governing informed consent for genetic testing and the use of genetic material; federal and state laws and regulations governing the submission of claims, as well as billing and collection practices, for healthcare services; the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, the knowing and willful solicitation, receipt, offer or payment of remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare; the federal False Claims Act which prohibits, among other things, the presentation of false or fraudulent claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other government-funded third-party payers; federal laws and regulations governing the Medicare program, providers of services covered by the Medicare program, and the submission of claims to the Medicare program, as well as the manuals and guidance issued by CMS and the local medical policies promulgated by the Medicare Administrative Contractors with respect to the implementation and interpretation of such laws and regulations; the federal Stark law, also known as the physician self-referral law, which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a physician from making a referral for certain designated health services covered by the Medicare program (and according to case law in some jurisdictions, the Medicaid program as well), including laboratory and pathology services, if the physician or an immediate family member has a financial relationship with the entity providing the designated health services; the federal Civil Monetary Penalties statute, which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits, among other things, the offer or transfer of remuneration to a Medicare or state healthcare program beneficiary if the person knows or should know it is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider, practitioner or supplier of services reimbursable by Medicare or a state healthcare program; EKRA, which applies to items or services reimbursed by any health care benefits program, including commercial insurers, that, among other things, prohibits the knowing or willful payment or offer, or the solicitation or receipt, of any remuneration, whether directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, in exchange for the referral or inducement of laboratory testing; the prohibition on reassignment by the program beneficiary of Medicare claims to any party; and state law equivalents to the above laws, which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including commercial insurers, and state data privacy and security laws which may be more stringent than HIPAA. Furthermore, in recent years our industry has experienced increased enforcement of the federal False Claims Act and, in particular, actions brought pursuant to the False Claims Act s whistleblower or qui tam provisions. The False Claims Act imposes liability for, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment by a federal governmental payer program. The qui tam provisions of the False Claims Act allow a private individual to bring civil actions on behalf of the federal government for violations of the False Claims Act 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 and permit such individuals to share in any amounts paid by the defendant to the government in fines or settlement. When an entity is determined to have violated the False Claims Act, it is subject to mandatory damages of three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties of up to approximately 25,076 for each false claim or statement. In addition, various states have enacted false claim laws analogous to the federal False Claims Act, and in some cases go even further because many of these state laws apply where a claim is submitted to any third-party payer and not merely a governmental payer program. For example, in 2018 we reached a settlement with certain government payers regarding past reimbursement submissions. Although the settlement involved no admission of fault by us and no corporate integrity agreement, we cannot guarantee that we will not be subject to similar claims in the future. Many of these laws and regulations have not been fully interpreted by regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. In addition, there has been a recent trend of increased U.S. federal and state regulation, scrutiny and enforcement relating to payments made to referral sources, which are governed by these laws and regulations. We have adopted policies and procedures designed to comply with these laws, and in the ordinary course of our business, we conduct internal reviews of our compliance with these laws. However, the rapid growth and expansion of our business both within and outside of the United States may increase the potential for violating these laws or our internal policies and procedures, and the uncertainty around the interpretation of these laws and regulations increases the risk that we may be found in violation of these or other laws and regulations, or of allegations of such violations, including pursuant to private qui tam actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government as described above. If our operations, including the conduct of our employees, distributors, consultants and commercial partners, are found to be in violation of any laws or regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement of profits, exclusion from participation in government programs, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of pre-marketing product approvals, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to comply with privacy and security laws and regulations could result in fines, penalties and damage to our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business. The federal HIPAA privacy and security regulations establish comprehensive federal standards with respect to the use and disclosure of protected health information by health plans, healthcare providers, and healthcare clearinghouses, in addition to setting standards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of protected health information. The regulations establish a complex regulatory framework on a variety of subjects, including patient authorization of the use and disclosure of, administrative, technical and physical safeguards for, and analysis of security incidents and breach notification requirements with respect to, protected health information. HIPAA provides for significant fines and other penalties for wrongful use or disclosure of protected health information in violation of privacy and security regulations, including potential civil and criminal fines and penalties. The HIPAA privacy and security regulations establish minimum requirements, and do not supersede state laws that are more stringent. A number of states include medical information in the definition of personal information and have implemented requirements or standards more stringent than HIPAA. Therefore, while we have implemented policies and procedures related to compliance with the HIPAA regulations, we are also required to comply with various state privacy and security laws and regulations, and could incur penalties, compliance costs as a result of non-compliance, or damages under state laws pursuant to an action brought by a private party for the wrongful use or disclosure of confidential health information or other private personal information. In addition, other federal and state laws that protect the privacy and security of patient information may be subject to enforcement and interpretation by various governmental authorities and courts, resulting in complex compliance issues. The GDPR data privacy regulations comprehensively reform the prior data protection rules of the European Union, and are more stringent, provide for higher potential liabilities, and apply to a broader range of personal data than those in the United States. The GDPR is applicable to U.S.-based companies, such as ours, that do business or offer services in, or that process or hold personal data of data subjects in, the European Union. While our current processes and practices 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 comply with the GDPR, we have needed to expend considerable time and resources, including management attention, to revise our practices to ensure ongoing compliance with GDPR. Furthermore, the GDPR enables EU member states to enact jurisdiction-specific requirements in key areas, which could require us to implement multiple policies unique to the jurisdictions in which we operate, which could make it more difficult and resource-intensive to continue to operate in the European Union. As we continue to expand and grow our business, our overall compliance with applicable laws and regulations may result in increased costs and attention of management, and failure to comply may result in significant fines, penalties and damage to our reputation. Additionally, the interpretation and application of health-related, privacy and data protection laws are often uncertain, contradictory and in flux, and it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices. As a result, we could be subject to government-imposed fines or orders requiring that we change our practices, which could cause us to incur substantial costs and may adversely affect our business and our reputation. Changes in the way the FDA regulates the reagents, other consumables, and testing equipment we use when developing, validating, and performing our tests could result in delay or additional expense in bringing our tests to market or performing such tests for our customers. Many of the sequencers, reagents, kits and other consumable products used to perform our testing, as well as the instruments and other capital equipment that enable the testing, are labeled as for research use only, or RUO. In addition, we offer a version of our Signatera test as an RUO offering. Products that are intended for research use only and are labeled as RUO are exempt from compliance with FDA requirements, including the approval, clearance or de novo classification and other product quality requirements for medical devices. A product labeled RUO but which is actually intended by the manufacturer for clinical diagnostic use may be viewed by the FDA as adulterated and misbranded under the FDC Act and subject to FDA enforcement action. The FDA has issued guidance stating that when determining the intended use of a product labeled RUO, it will consider the totality of the circumstances surrounding distribution of the product, including how the product is marketed and to whom. In addition, many of the reagents used to perform our testing are offered for sale as analyte specific reagents, or ASRs. ASRs are medical devices and must comply with QSR provisions and other device requirements, but most are exempt from premarket review. The FDA could disagree with a manufacturer s assessment that the manufacturer s products are ASRs, or could conclude that products labeled as RUO are actually intended by the manufacturer for clinical diagnostic use, and could take enforcement action against the manufacturer, such as us with respect to Signatera (RUO), including requiring the manufacturer to cease offering the product while it seeks clearance, approval or de novo classification. Manufacturers of RUO products that we employ in our other tests may cease selling their respective products, and we may be unable to obtain an acceptable substitute on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could significantly and adversely affect our ability to provide timely testing results to our customers or could significantly increase our costs of conducting business. The sequencers and reagents supplied to us by Illumina are labeled as RUO in the United States. We are using these sequencers and reagents for clinical diagnostic use. If the FDA were to require clearance, approval or de novo classification for the sale of Illumina s sequencers and if Illumina does not obtain such clearance, approval or authorization, we would have to find an alternative sequencing platform for Panorama. We currently have not validated an alternative sequencing platform on which Panorama could be run in a commercially viable manner. If we were not successful in selecting, acquiring on commercially reasonable terms and implementing an alternative platform on a timely basis, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. Our use of hazardous materials in the development of our tests exposes us to risks related to accidental contamination or injury and requires us to comply with regulations governing hazardous waste materials. Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of hazardous materials and chemicals. We cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury to employees or third parties from the use, storage, handling or disposal of these materials. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources or any applicable insurance coverage we may have. In addition, we are subject on an ongoing basis to federal, state and local regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified hazardous waste materials. An increase in the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations could harm our business and results of operations. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 If the validity of an informed consent from a patient intake for Panorama or our other tests is challenged, we could be precluded from billing for such testing, forced to stop performing such tests, or required to repay amounts previously received, which would adversely affect our business and financial results. All clinical data and blood samples that we receive for genetic testing are required to have been collected from individuals who have provided appropriate informed consent for us to perform our testing, both commercially and in clinical trials. We seek to ensure that the individuals from whom the data and samples are collected do not retain or have conferred any proprietary or commercial rights to the data or any discoveries derived from them. Our partners operate in a number of different countries in addition to the United States, and, to a large extent, we rely upon them to comply with the individual s informed consent and with U.S. and international laws and regulations. The collection of data and samples in many different U.S. states and foreign countries results in complex legal questions regarding the adequacy of informed consent and the status of genetic material under different legal systems. The individual s informed consent obtained could be challenged in the future in any particular jurisdiction, and those informed consents could be deemed invalid, unlawful or otherwise inadequate for our purposes. Any findings against us, or our laboratory distribution partners, could deny us access to, or force us to stop testing samples in, a particular country or could call into question the results of our clinical trials. We could also be precluded from billing third-party payers for tests for which informed consents are challenged, or could be requested to refund amounts previously paid by third-party payers for such tests. We could become involved in legal challenges, which could require significant management and financial resources and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Litigation or other proceedings resulting from either third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, or asserting infringement by third parties of our technology, is costly, time-consuming, and could limit our ability to commercialize our products or services. Our success depends in part on our non-infringement of the patents or intellectual property rights of third parties, and our ability to successfully prevent third parties from infringing our intellectual property. We operate in a crowded technology area in which there has been substantial litigation and other proceedings regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the genetic diagnostics industry. Third parties, including our competitors, have asserted and may in the future assert that we are infringing their intellectual property rights; in particular, we are or have recently been engaged in patent infringement lawsuits and other intellectual property disputes against various competitors in each of the industries in which we operate, as described in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies Legal Proceedings in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We may become subject to and/or initiate future intellectual property litigation as our product portfolio, and the level of competition in our industry segments, grow. Should we be unsuccessful defending against patent infringement claims, we may be required to pay substantial royalties, money damages, change our marketing practices, or be enjoined from offering certain products or services. In addition, we could experience delays in product introductions or sales growth while we attempt to develop non-infringing alternatives. Any of these or other adverse outcomes could prevent us from offering our tests or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and our results of operations. We cannot predict whether, or offer any assurance that, the patent infringement claims we have initiated or may initiate in the future will be successful. We are and may become subject to counterclaims by patent infringement defendants. Our patents may be declared invalid or unenforceable, or narrowed in scope. Even if we prevail in an infringement action, we cannot assure you that we would be adequately compensated for the harm to our business. If we are unable to enjoin third-party infringement, our revenues may be adversely impacted and we may lose market share; and such third-party product may continue to exist in the market, but fail to meet our regulatory or safety standards, thereby causing irreparable harm to our reputation as a provider of quality products, which in turn could result in loss of market share and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and our results of operations. In addition, our agreements with some of our customers, suppliers, and other entities with whom we do business require us to defend or indemnify these parties to the extent they become involved in patent infringement claims, including the types of claims described in this risk factor. We have agreed, and may in the future agree, to defend or indemnify third 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 parties if we determine it to be in the best interests of our business relationships. If we are required or agree to defend or indemnify third parties in connection with any infringement claims, we could incur significant costs and expenses that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any inability to effectively protect our proprietary technologies could harm our competitive position. Our success and ability to compete depend to a large extent on our ability to develop proprietary products and technologies and to maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property in the United States and other countries; this becomes increasingly important as we expand our operations and enter into strategic collaborations with partners to develop and commercialize products. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and we may encounter difficulties in establishing and enforcing our proprietary rights outside of the United States. In addition, the proprietary positions of companies developing and commercializing tools for molecular diagnostics, including ours, generally are uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. This uncertainty may materially affect our ability to defend or obtain patents or to address the patents and patent applications owned or controlled by our collaborators and licensors. We will be able to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our proprietary technologies are protected by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. We have worked to procure patents protecting our technologies, but our procurement efforts may not always be successful, and any patents we successfully procure may be challenged in ways that lead to post-procurement scope reduction or invalidity. For example, certain of our intellectual property is, or recently has been, the subject of challenges instituted by our competitors, as described in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies Legal Proceedings in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. These challenges may impede our ability to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use. In addition, any finding that others have claims of inventorship or ownership rights to our patents and applications could require us to obtain certain rights to practice related technologies, which may not be available on favorable terms. Certain of our intellectual property was partly supported by a U.S. government grant awarded by the National Institutes of Health, and the government accordingly has certain rights in this intellectual property, including a non-exclusive, non-transferable, irrevocable worldwide license to use applicable inventions for any governmental purpose. Such rights also include march-in rights, which refer to the right of the U.S. government to require us to grant a license to the technology to a responsible applicant if we fail to achieve practical application of the technology or if action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations or to give preference to U.S. industry. Any of these factors could adversely affect our ability to obtain commercially relevant or competitively advantageous patent protection for our products. If we are not able to adequately protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information, the value of our technology and products could be significantly diminished. We rely on trade secret and proprietary know-how protection for our confidential and proprietary information and have taken security measures to protect this information. These measures, however, may not provide adequate protection. For example, we have a policy of requiring our consultants, advisors and collaborators, including, for example, our strategic collaborators with whom we seek to develop and commercialize products, to enter into confidentiality agreements and our employees to enter into invention, non-disclosure and non-compete agreements. However, breaches of our physical or electronic security systems, or breaches caused by our employees failing to abide by their confidentiality obligations during or upon termination of their employment with us, could compromise these protection efforts. Any action we take to enforce our rights may be time-consuming, expensive, and possibly unsuccessful. Even if successful, the resulting remedy may not adequately compensate us for the harm caused by the breach. These risks are heightened in countries where laws or law enforcement practices may not protect proprietary rights as fully as in the United States or Europe. Any unauthorized use or disclosure of, or access to, our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information, whether accidentally or through willful misconduct, could have a material adverse effect on our programs and our strategy, and on our ability to compete effectively. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, we may not be able to establish or maintain name recognition in our markets of interest, and our business may be adversely affected. Failure to maintain our trademark registrations, or to obtain new trademark registrations in the future, could limit our ability to protect our trademarks and impede our marketing efforts in the countries in which we operate. We may not be able to protect our rights to trademarks and trade names that we may need to build name recognition with potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. As a means to enforce our trademark rights and prevent infringement, we may be required to file trademark claims against third parties or initiate trademark opposition proceedings. This can be expensive and time-consuming, and possibly unsuccessful. Our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic or determined to infringe on other marks. Our pending trademark applications in the United States and in other foreign jurisdictions where we may file may not be successful. Even if these applications result in registered trademarks, third parties may challenge these trademarks in the future. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties. We employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or diagnostic companies. We may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or willfully used or disclosed confidential information of our employees former employers or other third parties. We may also be subject to claims that our employees former employers or other third parties have an ownership interest in our patents. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims, and if we are unsuccessful, we could be required to pay substantial damages and could lose rights to important intellectual property. Even if we are successful, litigation could result in substantial costs to us and could divert the time and attention of our management and other employees. Risks Related to our Convertible Notes Servicing our debt will require a significant amount of cash. We may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our outstanding debt, and we may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Convertible Notes in cash or to repurchase the Convertible Notes upon a fundamental change, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness, including the amounts payable under the Convertible Notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our indebtedness and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt, or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. Further, holders of the Convertible Notes have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Convertible Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes) before the maturity date at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our common stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the Convertible Notes being converted. However, we may not have enough available cash, or be able to obtain sufficient financing, at the time we are required to repurchase the Convertible Notes. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 The conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Notes, when triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. The conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Notes has been triggered for certain applicable periods beginning with the quarter ended September 30, 2020. During periods for which the conditional conversion feature has been or is triggered, holders of the Convertible Notes are entitled to convert their Convertible Notes at any time during such periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Convertible Notes, unless we choose to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would elect to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation in cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. No holders have elected to convert their Convertible Notes. In addition, even if holders of Convertible Notes do not elect to convert their Convertible Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Convertible Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Convertible Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results. In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, or ASU 2020-06 , with the intent to simplify ASC 470-20 and ASC subtopic 815-40, Contracts in Entity s Own Equity, or ASC 815-40. Among the changes, ASU 2020-06 removed the requirement to bifurcate the liability and equity components of convertible debt instruments (such as the Convertible Notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion. In addition, ASU 2020-06 precludes the use of the treasury stock method, when calculating diluted earnings per share, for convertible debt instruments that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion. We currently apply the if-converted method for calculating any potential dilutive effect of the conversion options embedded in the Convertible Notes on diluted net income per share, which assumes that all of the Convertible Notes were converted solely into shares of common stock at the beginning of the reporting period, unless the result would be anti-dilutive. The application of the if-converted method may reduce our reported diluted net income per share to the extent we are profitable, and accounting standards may change in the future in a manner that may otherwise adversely affect our diluted net income per share. Conversion of the Convertible Notes will dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, including holders who had previously converted their Convertible Notes, or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. The conversion of some or all of the Convertible Notes will dilute the ownership interests of stockholders to the extent we deliver shares of our common stock upon such conversion. The Convertible Notes are currently convertible and may from time to time in the future be convertible at the option of their holders prior to their scheduled terms under certain circumstances. Any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the Convertible Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the Convertible Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the Convertible Notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock The market price of our common stock has been and may be volatile, which could subject us to litigation. The trading prices of the securities of life sciences companies, including ours, have been and may continue to be highly volatile; and financial markets in general, including our stock, experienced particularly high volatility as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and continued difficult macroeconomic conditions. Accordingly, the market price of our common stock is likely to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, such as those in this Risk Factors section and others including: 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 actual or anticipated variations in our and our competitors results of operations, as well as how those results compare to analyst and investor expectations; announcements by us or our competitors of new products, significant acquisitions, other strategic transactions, including strategic and commercial partnerships and relationships, joint ventures, divestitures, collaborations or capital commitments; changes in reimbursement practices by current or potential payers; failure of analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, issuance of new securities analysts reports or changed recommendations for our stock; negative publicity, including misinformation, about our company, our tests, or the commercial markets in which we operate; forward-looking statements related to our financial guidance or projections, our failure to meet or exceed our financial guidance or projections or changes in our financial guidance or projections; actual or anticipated changes in regulatory oversight of our products; development of disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; commencement of, or our involvement in, litigation; announcement or expectation of additional debt or equity financing efforts; any major change in our management; general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets, including as a result of changes in the rate of inflation (including the cost of raw materials, commodities, and supplies) and interest rates; and changes in business, economic, and political conditions, including war, political instability and related military action. In addition, if the market for life sciences stocks or the stock market in general experiences uneven investor confidence, as has been the case in recent months, the market price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or financial condition. The market price of our common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies within, or outside, our industry even if these events do not directly affect us. Some companies, including us, that have experienced volatility in the trading price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation, and we may in the future become subject to such litigation. For example, we have in the past been subject to a purported securities class action lawsuit filed against us, our directors and certain of our officers and stockholders related to our initial public offering. Under certain circumstances, we have contractual and other legal obligations to indemnify and to incur legal expenses on behalf of current and former directors and officers, and on behalf of our former underwriters, in connection with any future lawsuits. Any lawsuit to which we are a party, with or without merit, may result in an unfavorable judgment. We also may decide to settle lawsuits on unfavorable terms. Any such negative outcome could result in payments of substantial damages or fines, damage to our reputation or adverse changes to our offerings or business practices. Defending against litigation is costly and time-consuming, and could divert our management s attention and resources. Furthermore, during the course of litigation, there could be negative public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected. We are required to maintain internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and provide a management report on internal controls over financial reporting. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires that our management report on internal controls over financial reporting be attested to by our independent registered public accounting firm. Although we determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022, we must continue to monitor and assess our internal controls over financial reporting. If we have a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, if we are unable to assert that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, or, when required in the future, if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected, and we could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities. We do not intend to pay dividends on our capital stock so any returns will be limited to changes in the value of our common stock. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock may be prohibited or limited by the terms of any current or future debt financing arrangement. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, in the price of our common stock. Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans or in connection with acquisitions or strategic or commercial transactions, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. From time to time, we may issue additional securities or sell common stock, convertible securities, such as the Convertible Notes, or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine. We also expect to continue to issue common stock to employees and directors pursuant to our equity incentive plans. If we sell or issue common stock, convertible securities, or other equity securities, or common stock is issued pursuant to equity incentive plans, investors in our common stock may be materially diluted. As we have done in the past, we may decide to issue common stock or other equity securities in connection with an acquisition or a strategic or commercial transaction, which could cause dilution to our existing stockholders. New investors in such transactions could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public markets could cause the price of our common stock to decline. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. As we have done in the past, we may issue our shares of common stock or securities convertible into our common stock, such as our Convertible Notes, from time to time in connection with a financing, acquisition, investments or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. Currently, only a small number of securities analysts cover our stock. If more analysts do not commence coverage of us, or if industry analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, the trading price for our common stock could be adversely affected. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. Insiders have substantial control over us and will be able to influence corporate matters. As of December 31, 2022, our directors and executive officers and their affiliates beneficially owned, in the aggregate, approximately 9.45 of our outstanding capital stock. As a result, these stockholders are and will continue to be able to exercise significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. This concentration of ownership could limit stockholders ability to influence corporate matters and may have the effect of delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring control over us. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws, and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our common stock. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could depress the market price of our common stock by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. These provisions, among other things: authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our board of directors could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings; establish a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board are elected at one time; permit the board of directors to establish the number of directors; provide that directors may only be removed for cause and only with the approval of 75 of our stockholders; require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws; and provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our amended and restated bylaws. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on mergers, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15 or more of our common stock. In addition, if a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes) occurs prior to the maturity date of the Convertible Notes, holders of the Convertible Notes will have the right, at their option, to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Convertible Notes. If a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes) occurs prior to the maturity date, we will in some cases be required to increase the conversion rate of the Convertible Notes for a holder that elects to convert its Convertible Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. Furthermore, we are prohibited from engaging in certain mergers or acquisitions unless, among other things, the surviving entity of such transaction assumes our obligations under the Convertible Notes. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees and may discourage these types of lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes in accounting standards and their interpretations could adversely affect our operating results. U.S. GAAP is subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB, the SEC, and various other bodies that promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. These principles and related implementation guidelines and interpretations can be highly complex and involve subjective judgments. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before or after the announcement of a change in such principles. Additionally, the adoption of these standards may potentially require enhancements or changes in our systems and will require significant time and cost on behalf of our financial management. A discussion of these standards and other pending changes in GAAP, are further discussed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None . ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We lease office facilities under non-cancelable operating lease agreements. We currently occupy approximately 136,000 square feet of laboratory and office space at 201 Industrial Road in San Carlos, California pursuant to a lease that we directly entered into with our landlord in October 2016. This lease covers two office spaces, referred to as the First Space and the Second Space. The First Space covers approximately 88,000 square feet at an average base rent of 340,972 per month for the year 2020. The Second Space covers approximately 48,000 square feet at an average base rent of 197,605 per month. The original lease term is approximately 84 months and expires in October 2023. In January 2021, we entered into an amendment of the lease to extend the term for 48 months to October 2027. The combined monthly rent for the First Space and Second Space will be 776,671 commencing in October 2023. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 We entered into a sublease agreement in June 2019 with a third party to sublease 25,879 square feet of space located on the third floor of the San Carlos, California building while maintaining its primary obligation as the intermediate lessor. The term of this lease is approximately 48 months commencing in October 2019 and expiring in September 2023. In February 2021, we entered into an amendment of the San Carlos sublease agreement whereas the third party will initially return approximately 3,474 rentable square feet with the remainder of the subleased premises, consisting of approximately 22,405 rentable square feet, between October 2021 and December 2021. In Tukwila, Washington, we lease a facility initially to provide storage of our cord blood tissue units. The facility covers approximately 10,000 square feet, with a lease term of 62 months beginning in June 2018 and expiring in July 2023. In the third quarter of 2019, we sold the Evercord business and the facility was subleased to a third party. We do not intend to exercise its option to renew the facility upon expiration. Our subsidiary leases laboratory and office space in Austin, Texas, comprising approximately 94,000 square feet pursuant to a lease expiring in November 2026. The lease term is 132 months beginning in December 2015 and expiring in November 2026 with monthly payments beginning in December 2016. In December 2021, we entered into an amendment of the Austin lease agreement which extended the lease of the current premises through March 2033. The amendment also includes two additional office spaces, referred to as the First Expansion Premises and the Second Expansion Premises. The First Expansion Premises consists of 32,500 rentable square feet and commenced in February 2022. The Second Expansion Premises consists of 65,222 rentable square feet and commenced in September 2022. The terms of the First and Second Expansion Premises expire in March 2033. We entered into a lease agreement in November 2020 to lease 11,395 square feet of space located in South San Francisco, California over a three-year term. The premises is used for general office, laboratory and research use. In December 2022, we exercised the renewal option of the South San Francisco lease agreement. In January 2023, we entered in an amendment to extend the lease term of the South San Francisco premises by three years, through November 2026. As part of the in-process research and development, or the IPR D, asset acquisition in September 2021, we inherited a 24-month lease for 7,107 square feet of laboratory space in Canada. The annual lease payment starts at 0.2 million and will expire in August 2023. We have also historically entered into leases of individual workspaces and storage spaces at various locations on both a month-to-month basis without an established lease term, and more recently for certain locations, have committed to terms approximating one to five years. For the facilities without a committed lease term, we have elected to not recognize them as the right-of-use assets on the balance sheet as they are all considered short-term leases. For individual workspaces where the committed lease term exceeds one year, we have recorded a right-of-use asset. We may expand our facilities capacity as our employee base and laboratory processing needs grow. We believe that we will be able to obtain additional space on commercially reasonable terms. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings. The results of such legal proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, legal proceedings could have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of resources and other factors. For information regarding certain current legal proceedings, see Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies Legal Proceedings in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Price of Our Common Stock Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol NTRA . Holders As of March 1, 2023, we had 33 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. Dividends No cash dividends have ever been paid or declared on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all future earnings, if any, for use in our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Performance Graph This performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock between our initial public offering on July 2, 2015 and December 31, 2022 with the cumulative total return of (i) the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index and (ii) the NASDAQ Composite Index over the same period. The chart assumes 100 was invested at the close of market on July 2, 2015, and assumes the reinvestment of any dividends. The stock price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Nasdaq Nasdaq Trade Date Natera, Inc. Biotechnology Composite Base period 7/2/2015 100 100 100 12/31/2015 47.49 91.34 99.96 12/31/2016 51.50 71.53 107.46 12/31/2017 39.53 86.6 137.81 12/31/2018 61.39 78.52 132.46 12/31/2019 147.45 97.34 178.59 12/31/2020 437.64 122.78 257.29 12/31/2021 408.40 122.00 312.32 12/31/2022 176.65 108.69 208.94 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Parties None. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Information required by Item 6 of Form 10-K is omitted pursuant to the SEC s adoption of amendments to Regulation S-K effective February 10, 2021. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in Risk Factors included elsewhere in this report. Overview We are a diagnostics company with proprietary molecular and bioinformatics technology that we are applying to change the management of disease worldwide. We began in the women s health space, in which we develop and commercialize non- or minimally- invasive tests to evaluate risk for, and thereby enable early detection of, a wide range of genetic conditions, such as Down syndrome. Our technology is now also being used in the oncology market, in which we are commercializing, among others, a personalized blood-based DNA test to detect molecular residual disease and monitor disease recurrence, as well as in the organ health market, with tests to assess organ transplant rejection. We seek to enable even wider adoption of our technology through Constellation, our global cloud-based distribution model. In addition to our direct sales force in the United States, we have a global network of over 100 laboratory and distribution partners, including many of the largest international laboratories. We currently provide a comprehensive suite of products in women s health, as well as our oncology and organ health products, and our Constellation cloud-based platform. We generate a majority of our revenues from the sale of Panorama, our non-invasive prenatal test NIPT ), as well as Horizon, our Carrier Screening HCS test. In addition to Panorama and Horizon, our product offerings in women s health include Spectrum Preimplantation Genetics, our Anora miscarriage test, and Vistara single-gene NIPT, as well as our Empower hereditary cancer screening test, which we also plan to offer to oncologists through our oncology sales channel. We also offer our Signatera molecular residual disease test for oncology applications, which we commercialize as a test run in our CLIA (as defined below) laboratory and offer on a research use only basis to research laboratories and pharmaceutical companies; and our Prospera organ transplant assessment tests. We process tests in our laboratories certified under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 CLIA in Austin, Texas and San Carlos, California. A portion of our testing is performed by third-party laboratories. Our customers include independent laboratories, national and regional reference laboratories, medical centers and physician practices for our screening tests, and research laboratories and pharmaceutical companies. We market and sell our tests through our direct sales force and, for our women s health tests, through our laboratory distribution partners. We bill clinics, laboratory distribution partners, patients, pharmaceutical companies and insurance payers for the tests we perform. In cases where we bill laboratory distribution partners, our partners in turn bill clinics, patients and insurers. The majority of our revenue comes from insurers with whom we have in-network contracts. Such insurers reimburse us for our tests pursuant to our in-network contracts with them, based on positive coverage determinations, which means that the insurer has determined that the test in general is medically necessary for this category of patient. In addition to offering tests to be performed at our laboratories, either directly or through our laboratory distribution partners, we also establish licensing arrangements with laboratories under Constellation, our cloud-based distribution model, whereby our laboratory licensees run the molecular workflows themselves and then access our bioinformatics algorithms through our cloud-based software. This cloud-based distribution model results in lower revenues and gross profit per test than cases in which we process a test ourselves; however, because we do not incur the costs of processing the tests, our costs per test under this model are also lower. We began entering into these licensing arrangements starting in the fourth quarter of 2015. The principal focus of our commercial operations is to offer our tests through both our direct sales force and laboratory distribution partners, and our Constellation licensees under our cloud-based distribution model. The number of tests that we accession is a key indicator that we use to assess our business. A test is accessioned when we receive the test at our laboratory, the relevant information about the test is entered into our computer system, and the test sample is routed 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 into the appropriate workflow. This number is a subset of the number of tests that we process, which includes tests distributed through our Constellation licensees. The number of tests that we process is a key metric as it tracks overall volume growth, particularly as our laboratory partners may transition from sending samples to our laboratory to our cloud-based distribution model, as a result of which our tests accessioned would decrease but our tests processed would remain unchanged. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we processed approximately 2,066,500 tests, comprised of approximately 2,004,000 tests accessioned in our laboratories. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we processed approximately 1,570,000 tests, comprised of approximately 1,513,400 tests accessioned in our laboratories. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we processed approximately 1,026,500 tests, comprised of approximately 974,400 tests accessioned in our laboratories. This increase in volume represents continuous commercial growth of Panorama and HCS, both as tests performed in our laboratories as well as through our Constellation software platform. The percent of our revenues attributable to our U.S. direct sales force were 89 , 89 and 87 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The percent of our revenues attributable to U.S. laboratory partners for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were 7 , 5 and 7 , respectively. The percent of our revenues attributable to international laboratory partners and other international sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4 , down from 6 for both the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total revenues were 820.2 million, compared to 625.5 million and 391.0 million in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Product revenues generated from our testing accounted for 797.3 million or 97 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 580.1 million or 93 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 377.9 million or 97 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, there were no customers exceeding 10 of the total revenues on an individual basis. Revenues from customers outside the United States were 34.4 million, representing 4 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, revenues from customers outside the United States were 34.6 million and 25.3 million, respectively, representing approximately 6 of total revenues in both years. Our net losses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, were 547.8 million, 471.7 million, and 229.7 million, respectively. This included non-cash stock compensation expense of 152.4 million, 115.2 million, and 50.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 1.9 billion. Components of the Results of Operations The section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis generally discusses year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. Revenues Product Revenues We generate revenues from the sale of our tests, primarily from the sale of our Panorama and HCS tests. Our two primary distribution channels are our direct sales force and our laboratory partners. In cases where we promote our tests through our direct sales force, we generally bill directly to a patient, clinic or insurance carrier, or a combination of the insurance carrier and patient, for the fees. Sales of our clinical tests are recorded as product revenues. Revenues recognized from tests processed through our Constellation model, and from our strategic partnership agreements, are reported in licensing and other revenues. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 In cases where we sell our tests through our laboratory partners, the majority of our laboratory partners bill the patient, clinic or insurance carrier for the performance of our tests, and we are entitled to either a fixed price per test or a percentage of their collections. Our ability to increase our revenues will depend on our ability to further penetrate the domestic and international markets and, in particular, generate sales through our direct sales force, develop and commercialize additional tests, obtain reimbursement from additional third-party payers and increase our reimbursement rates for tests performed. For example, our financial performance depends on reimbursement for microdeletions testing. Many third-party payers do not currently reimburse for microdeletions screening in part because there has historically been limited published data on the performance of microdeletions screening tests, with our SMART study results being published relatively recently, in early 2022. A current procedure terminology CPT code for microdeletions went into effect beginning January 1, 2017. We have experienced low average reimbursement rates for microdeletions testing under this code, and we expect that this will continue to be the case, at least in the near term, due to third-party payers declining to reimburse and through reduced reimbursement under the CPT code. This has had, and we expect it will continue to have, an adverse impact on our revenues. In addition, a new CPT code for expanded carrier screening went into effect beginning January 1, 2019, and has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our reimbursement rates for our broader Horizon carrier screening panel for which we previously primarily received reimbursement on a per-condition basis, as those tests may be reimbursed as a combined single panel instead of as multiple individual tests. Because our revenues from Horizon continue to represent a significant proportion of our overall revenues, a decline in our reimbursement rates for, and therefore our average selling price of, Horizon, could result in a decline in our overall revenue. Entering into in-network contracts continues to be an important part of our business strategy, as we believe that in-network coverage of our tests by third-party payers is crucial to our growth and long-term success, as in-network pricing is more predictable than out-of-network pricing, enables us to develop stable, long-term relationships with third-party payers, and provides access to a larger population of covered lives. However, the negotiated fees under our contracts with third-party payers are typically lower than the list price of our tests, and in some cases the third-party payers that we contract with have negative coverage determinations for some of our offerings, in particular Panorama for microdeletions screening. Therefore, being in-network with third-party payers has in the past had, and may in the future have, an adverse impact on our revenues and gross margins . We intend to mitigate any impact by driving more business from our most profitable accounts. Licensing and Other Revenues Revenues recognized from tests processed through our Constellation model, and from our strategic partnership agreements (which during the three years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 comprised the Qiagen LC, or Qiagen, BGI Genomics Co. Ltd., and Foundation Medicine, Inc. agreements) are reported in licensing and other revenues. We also recognize licensing revenues through the licensing and the provisioning of services to support the use of our proprietary technology by licensees under our cloud-based distribution model. As of December 31, 2022, we are recognizing revenues on 11 licensing and service arrangements with laboratories under our Constellation model. Our strategy to offer access to our algorithm to laboratory licensees via our Constellation cloud-based software platform may also cause our revenues to decrease because we do not process the tests and perform the molecular biology analysis in our own laboratory under this model, and therefore are not able to charge as high an amount, and as a result realize lower revenues per test than when we perform the entire test ourselves. However, cost of licensing and other revenues for the Constellation software platform are relatively low, and therefore, its associated gross margin is higher. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Cost of Product Revenues The components of our cost of product revenues are material and service costs, impairment charges associated with testing equipment, personnel costs, including stock-based compensation expense, equipment and infrastructure expenses associated with testing samples, electronic medical records, order and delivery systems, shipping charges to transport samples, costs incurred from third party test processing fees, and allocated overhead such as rent, information technology costs, equipment depreciation and utilities. Costs associated with Whole Exome Sequencing WES are also included, as well as labor costs, relating to our Signatera CLIA and Signatera research use only offerings . Costs associated with performing tests are recorded when the test is accessioned. We expect cost of product revenues in absolute dollars to increase as the number of tests we perform increases. As we continue to achieve scale, we have increased our focus on more efficient use of labor, automation, and DNA sequencing. For example, we updated the molecular and bioinformatics process for Panorama to further reduce the sequencing reagents, test steps and associated labor costs required to obtain a test result, while increasing the accuracy of the test to allow it to run with lower fetal fraction input. These improvements also reduced the frequency of the need to require blood redraws from the patient. Cost of Licensing and Other Revenues The components of our cost of licensing and other revenues are material costs associated with test kits sold to Constellation clients, development and support services relating to our strategic partnership agreements and other costs . We currently have 11 revenue generating licensing and service agreements with laboratories under our Constellation distribution model. We consider our cost of licensing and other revenues for the Constellation software platform to be relatively low, and therefore we expect its associated gross margin is higher. We expect our cost of licensing will increase in relation to volume growth. Research and Development Research and development expenses include costs incurred to develop our technology, collect clinical samples and conduct clinical studies to develop and support our products. These costs consist of personnel costs, including stock-based compensation expense; prototype materials; laboratory supplies; consulting costs; regulatory costs; electronic medical record set up costs; and costs associated with setting up and conducting clinical studies at domestic and international sites and allocated overhead, including rent, information technology, equipment depreciation and utilities. We expense all research and development costs in the periods in which they are incurred. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in research and development activities related to developing enhanced and new products. Selling, General and Administrative Selling, general and administrative expenses include executive, selling and marketing, legal, finance and accounting, human resources, billing and client services. These expenses consist of personnel costs, including stock-based compensation expense; direct marketing expenses; audit and legal expenses; consulting costs; training and medical education activities; payer outreach programs and allocated overhead, including rent, information technology, equipment depreciation, and utilities. Interest Expense Interest expense is attributable to borrowing under our Convertible Senior Notes (the Convertible Notes and credit line with UBS (the Credit Line ), including the amortization of debt discounts. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Income and Other (Expense) Income, Net Interest income and other (expense) income, net is comprised of interest earned on our cash, realized gains and losses on investments and assets, sublease rental income, and foreign currency remeasurement gains and losses. Loss on Debt Extinguishment The loss on debt extinguishment of 5.8 million was a result of the repayment of the outstanding principal and interest under the 2017 Term Loan with Orbimed in the second quarter of 2020. Critical Accounting Policies Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenue generated, and expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We consider our critical accounting policies and estimates to be revenue recognition, leases, fair value measurements, and stock-based compensation. Recent Accounting Pronouncements We believe that the impact of accounting standards updates recently issued that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations upon adoption. Revenue Recognition We recognize revenues when, or as, performance obligations in the contracts are satisfied, in the amount reflecting the expected consideration to be received from the goods or services transferred to the customers. Product Revenues Product revenues are derived from contracts with insurance carriers, laboratory partners and patients in connection with sales of prenatal genetic and other diagnostics tests. We enter into contracts with insurance carriers with primarily payment terms related to tests provided to the patients who have health insurance coverage. Insurance carriers are considered to be third-party payers on behalf of the patients, and the patients are considered as the customers who receive genetic test services. Tests may be billed to insurance carriers, patients, or a combination of insurance carriers and patients. Further, we sell tests to a number of domestic and international laboratory partners and identify the laboratory partners as customers provided that there is a test services agreement between us and them. Licensing and Other Revenues We recognize licensing revenues from our Constellation cloud-based distribution model, pursuant to which we grant licenses to laboratories to access our proprietary bioinformatics algorithms through our cloud-based software to analyze the results of molecular workflows that such licensees develop and perform in their laboratories. In addition, the royalties we receive from our arrangement with a prenatal paternity licensee are recognized Constellation revenues. We also recognize revenues from our strategic partnership agreements. The performance obligations are unique in each agreement and would typically require the license of intellectual property, development services, support services, and future test work. We also record revenues from the sale of IVD kits in licensing and other revenues. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Income Taxes We account for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected tax consequences of our future financial and operating activities. Under ASC 740, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the temporary difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using the tax rates in effect for the year in which we expect such differences to reverse. If we determine that it is more likely than not that we will not generate sufficient taxable income to realize the value of some or all of our deferred tax assets (net of our deferred tax liabilities), we establish a valuation allowance offsetting the amount we do not expect to realize. We perform this analysis each reporting period and reduce our measurement of deferred taxes, if the likelihood we will realize them becomes uncertain. We also account for uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740, which requires us to adjust our financial statements to reflect only those tax positions that are more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon review by federal or state examiners. We may recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon settlement. We maintained a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets in 2022 and 2021 due to the uncertainty surrounding realization of these assets (for details, please refer to Note 13, Income Taxes ). In addition, our policy is to report interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expenses. Stock-Based Compensation We have included stock-based compensation as part of our cost of revenues and our operating expenses in our statements of operations as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Employee Non-Employee Total Employee Non-Employee Total Employee Non-Employee Total (in thousands) Cost of revenues 7,905 7,905 4,811 4,811 1,691 1,691 Research and development 44,655 1,890 46,545 24,507 1,361 25,868 10,777 647 11,424 Selling, general and administrative 97,379 555 97,934 84,368 172 84,540 36,747 309 37,056 Total 149,939 2,445 152,384 113,686 1,533 115,219 49,215 956 50,171 Stock-based compensation related to stock options granted to our employees and non-employees is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award, which is determined by the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the Monte Carlo simulation model. The fair value is recognized as expense over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective awards. No compensation cost is recognized on stock options for employees and non-employees who do not render the requisite service and therefore forfeit their rights to the stock options. The measurement of stock-based compensation is subject to periodic adjustments as the underlying equity instruments vest, and the resulting change in value, if any, is recognized in our statements of operations and comprehensive loss during the period that the related services are rendered. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 We evaluate our long-lived assets for indicators of possible impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We then compare the carrying amounts of the assets with the future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by such asset. Should an impairment exist, the impairment loss would be measured based on the excess carrying value of the asset over the asset s fair value determined using discounted estimates of future cash flows. There were no asset impairment charges for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Results of Operations Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Year Ended December 31, Changes (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 - 2021 2021 - 2020 Amount Percent Amount Percent Revenues: Product revenues 797,307 580,080 377,877 217,227 37.4 202,203 53.5 Licensing and other revenues 22,915 45,406 13,128 (22,491) (49.5) 32,278 245.9 Total revenues 820,222 625,486 391,005 194,736 31.1 234,481 60.0 Cost and expenses: Cost of product revenues 453,632 315,195 200,097 138,437 43.9 115,098 57.5 Cost of licensing and other revenues 2,624 3,223 3,523 (599) (18.6) (300) (8.5) Research and development 316,415 264,208 100,035 52,207 19.8 164,173 164.1 Selling, general and administrative 588,591 511,034 303,627 77,557 15.2 207,407 68.3 Total cost and expenses 1,361,262 1,093,660 607,282 267,602 24.5 486,378 80.1 Loss from operations (541,040) (468,174) (216,277) (72,866) 15.6 (251,897) 116.5 Interest expense (9,319) (8,305) (15,082) (1,014) 12.2 6,777 (44.9) Interest and other income, net 3,538 5,381 7,562 (1,843) (34.3) (2,181) (28.8) Loss on debt extinguishment (5,848) 5,848 100.0 Loss before income taxes (546,821) (471,098) (229,645) (75,723) 16.1 (241,453) 105.1 Income tax expense (978) (618) (98) (360) 58.3 (520) 530.6 Net loss (547,799) (471,716) (229,743) (76,083) 16.1 (241,973) 105.3 _______________________ Revenues Total revenues are comprised of product revenues, which are primarily driven by sales of our Panorama and HCS tests, and licensing and other revenues, which primarily includes development licensing revenue, licensing of our Constellation software to our licensees. Total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 194.7 million, or 31.1 , when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. We derive our revenues from tests based on units reported to customers tests delivered with a result. All reported units are either accessioned in our laboratories or processed outside of our laboratories. As noted in Overview, the number of tests that we process is a key metric as it tracks overall volume growth. During the year ended December 31, 2022, total reported units were approximately 1,919,600, comprised of approximately 1,861,000 tests reported in our laboratories. Comparatively, during the year ended December 31, 2021, total reported units were approximately 1,453,500, comprised of approximately 1,400,100 tests reported in our laboratories. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, total oncology units processed were approximately 196,400 and 76,400, respectively. Product Revenues 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, product revenues increased by 217.2 million, or 37.4 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result of the continued revenue growth from increased test volumes. Licensing and Other Revenues Licensing and other revenues decreased by 22.5 million, or 49.5 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in revenue was primarily due to 28.6 million of revenue recognized from Qiagen associated with deferred revenues recognized as a result from a settlement with Qiagen in prior year partially offset by a 6.1 million net increase in revenue from our collaborative and royalty agreements . Cost of Product Revenues During the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of product revenues increased by 138.4 million or 43.9 when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher costs related to inventory consumption of 21.9 million driven by an increase in accessioned cases, a 58.6 million increase in third-party fees, a 14.2 million increase in shipping related charges due to higher volume, and a 43.7 million increase in labor and overhead costs driven by headcount growth and product support. Cost of Licensing and Other Revenues Cost of licensing and other revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, decreased by approximately 0.6 million, or 18.6 , primarily due to a net decrease in costs to support our collaborative agreements. Research and Development Research and development expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 52.2 million, or 19.8 , when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was driven by a 61.8 million increase in salary and related expenditures primarily due to headcount growth, which includes a 20.7 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, a 19.2 million increase in clinical trial expenses, and an increase of 3.4 million of marketing, travel, facilities, office and other costs to support increases in the Company s headcount , new product offerings and research and development project pipeline. This was offset by a net 27.0 million decrease in IPR D expense mainly related to a 35.0 million upfront payment made in September 2021 upon acquisition, offset by an increase in accruals for the remaining milestones, and a 5.2 million decrease in consulting and legal fees. Selling, General and Administrative Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 77.6 million, or 15.2 , in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was attributable to an increase of 48.7 million in salary and related expenditures primarily due to headcount growth to support new product offerings, which includes a 13.5 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, a 11.1 million increase in travel related costs, a 10.5 million increase from consulting and legal related costs, and a 14.1 million increase related to business support including business insurance, billing services, facilities, office and other costs to support increases in the Company s headcount and new product offerings. This was offset by a 6.8 million decrease in marketing expenses. Interest Expense Interest expense increased by 1.0 million, 12.2 , in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in the prior year due to an increase in interest rate as well as a 30.0 million drawdown from November 2022 for the UBS Credit Line. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Interest and Other Income Interest and other income decreased by 1.8 million, or 34.3 , in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to less interest income as a result of less investments held by the Company compared to the prior year. Liquidity and Capital Resources We have incurred net losses each year since our inception. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 547.8 million, and we expect to continue to incur losses in future periods as we continue to devote a substantial portion of our resources to our research and development and commercialization efforts for our existing and new products. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 1.9 billion. As of December 31, 2022, we had 466.1 million in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, 432.3 million in marketable securities, 80.4 million of outstanding balance of the Credit Line including accrued interest, and 287.5 million outstanding principal balance on the Convertible Notes. As of December 31, 2022, we have 70.0 million available on the Credit Line. While we have introduced multiple products that are generating revenues, these revenues have not been sufficient to fund all operations. Accordingly, we have funded the portion of operating costs that exceeds revenues through a combination of equity issuances and debt and other financings. We expect to develop and commercialize future products and continue to invest in the growth of our business and, consequently, we will need to generate additional revenues to achieve future profitability and may need to raise additional equity or incur additional debt. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders would experience dilution. Additional debt financing, if available, may involve covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur additional debt. Any additional debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders and requires significant debt service payments, which diverts resources from other activities. Additional financing may not be available at all, or in amounts or on terms acceptable to us. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to delay the development and commercialization of our products and significantly scale back our business and operations. In September 2020, we completed an additional underwritten equity offering and sold 4,791,665 shares of our common stock at a price of 60 per share to the public. Before offering expenses of 0.3 million, we received proceeds of 271.0 million net of the underwriting discount. In July 2021, we completed an additional underwritten equity offering and sold 5,175,000 shares of our common stock at a price of 113 per share to the public. Before offering expenses of 0.4 million, we received proceeds of 551.2 million net of the underwriting discount. In November 2022, we completed an additional underwritten equity offering and sold 13,144,500 shares of our common stock at a price of 35 per share to the public. Before offering expenses of 0.5 million, we received proceeds of 433.2 million net of the underwriting discount. As cash flows from our operations are currently negative, our contractual obligations and other commitments are satisfied by the equity financing described above, our convertible note financing conducted in April 2020 described below, the Credit Facility described below, and our product, licensing, and other sales. For our commitments, refer to the Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments section below. Refer to additional disclosures associated with risks and our ability to generate and obtain adequate amounts of cash to meet capital requirements for both short-term and long-term obligations. Based on our current business plan, we believe that our existing cash and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for at least 12 months after March 1, 2023. Credit Line Agreement In September 2015, we entered into a Credit Line with UBS the Credit Line providing for a 50.0 million revolving line of credit which could be drawn in increments at any time. The Credit Line was amended in July 2017 and bears interest at 30-day LIBOR plus 1.10 , and it is secured by a first priority lien and security interest in our money market and marketable securities held in our managed investment account with UBS. The Credit Line was subsequently increased from 50.0 million to 150.0 million in 2020. The interest rate was subsequently changed to the 30-day Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR average, plus 1.21 in 2022. The SOFR rate is variable. UBS has the right to demand 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 full or partial payment of the Credit Line obligations and terminate it, in its discretion and without cause, at any time. As of December 31, 2022, the total principal amount outstanding with accrued interest was 80.4 million. Convertible Notes In April 2020, we issued 287.5 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes in a private placement offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Convertible Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of the Company and bear interest at a rate of 2.25 per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears in May and November of each year, beginning in November 2020. The Convertible Notes mature in May 2027, unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms. Upon conversion, the Convertible Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. We received net proceeds from the Convertible Notes of 278.3 million, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and debt issuance costs. We used approximately 79.2 million of the net proceeds from the Convertible Notes offering to repay our obligations under the 2017 Term Loan with OrbiMed. Cash Flows The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Cash used in operating activities (431,501) (335,236) (182,512) Cash provided by (used in) investing activities 330,338 (205,193) (331,461) Cash provided by financing activities 482,640 576,188 500,847 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 381,477 35,759 (13,126) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 84,614 48,855 61,981 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 466,091 84,614 48,855 Cash Used in Operating Activities Cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 431.5 million. The net loss of 547.8 million includes 200.9 million in non-cash charges resulting from 16.7 million of depreciation and amortization, 9.2 million milestone expense for in-process research and development, 13.8 million of non-cash lease expense, 152.4 million of stock-based compensation expense, 4.8 million premium amortization and discount accretion on investment securities, 0.9 million loss on investments, 1.2 million for amortization of debt discount and issuance cost, 0.3 million in other non-cash benefits, and 1.8 million of provision for credit losses offset by 0.2 million of inventory reserve adjustments. Operating assets had cash outflows of 133.6 million resulting from 124.1 million in increases in accounts receivable, 8.3 million in increases in inventory, and 1.2 million in increases in prepaid expenses and other current assets. Operating liabilities resulted in cash inflows of 49.0 million resulting from a 5.5 million increase in accounts payable, a 3.1 million increase in accrued compensation, a 47.7 million increase in other accrued liabilities, a 2.1 million increase in deferred revenue offset by a 9.4 million decrease in operating lease liabilities. Cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 335.2 million. The net loss of 471.7 million includes 182.5 million in non-cash charges resulting from 11.3 million of depreciation and amortization, 35.6 million expense of in-process research and development, 10.9 million of non-cash lease expense, 115.2 million 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 of stock-based compensation expense, 0.6 million of inventory reserve adjustments, 7.8 million premium amortization and discount accretion on investment securities, 1.2 million for amortization of debt discount and issuance cost, 0.1 million in other non-cash benefits, offset by 0.2 million of provision for credit losses. Operating assets had cash outflows of 54.0 million resulting from 43.4 million in increases in accounts receivable, 7.5 million in increases in inventory, and 0.2 million in increases in prepaid expenses and 2.9 million in increases of other current assets. Operating liabilities resulted in cash inflows of 8.0 million resulting from a 19.2 million increase in accounts payable, a 10.5 million increase in accrued compensation, a 32.7 million increase in other accrued liabilities, offset by a 44.2 million decrease in deferred revenue and a 10.3 million decrease in operating lease liabilities. Cash Used in Investing Activities Cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 330.3 million, which was comprised of 248.4 million in proceeds from sale of investments and 216.5 million proceeds of investments maturities, offset by 86.9 million purchases of new investments and 47.7 million in cash paid for the purchase of property and equipment. Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled 205.2 million, which was comprised of purchasing new investments of 876.1 million, 41.0 million in acquisitions of property and equipment, and 8.6 million in cash paid for the acquisition of an asset, offset by 187.6 million proceeds from sale of investments and 532.9 million from proceeds of investments maturities. Cash Provided by Financing Activities Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 482.6 million comprised of 433.2 million net proceeds from our equity offering completed in the fourth quarter of 2022, 30.0 million proceeds from Credit Line, 13.0 million in issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan, and 6.4 million cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options. Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled 576.2 million comprised of 11.8 million cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options, 13.6 million in issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan, and 550.8 million net proceeds from our equity offering completed in the third quarter of 2021. Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments We have entered into arrangements that contractually obligate us to make payments that will affect our liquidity and cash flows in future periods. Such arrangements include those related to our lease commitments, Credit Line (as defined below), Convertible Notes, commercial supply agreements and other agreements. Credit Line The short-term debt obligations consist of the 80.4 million principal amount drawn from the UBS Credit Line (the Credit Line and applicable interest. The Credit Line was amended in July 2017 and bears interest at 30-day LIBOR plus 1.10 , and it is secured by a first priority lien and security interest in our money market and marketable securities held in our managed investment account with UBS. The interest rate was subsequently changed to the 30-day SOFR average, plus 1.21 in 2022. The SOFR rate is variable. UBS has the right to demand full or partial payment of the Credit Line obligations and terminate it, in its discretion and without cause, at any time. Please refer to Note 10, Debt , for further details. Convertible Notes The long-term debt obligations consist of the 287.5 million principal amount from a private placement offering to qualified institutional buyers and applicable interest. The Convertible Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of the Company and bear interest at a rate of 2.25 per year, payable in cash semi-annually in arrears in May and November of 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 each year, beginning in November 2020. The Convertible Notes mature in May 2027, unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms. Upon conversion, the Convertible Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. Please refer to Note 10, Debt , for further details. Inventory purchase and other contractual obligations We enter into contracts in the normal course of business with various third parties for clinical trials, preclinical research studies, testing, manufacturing, and other services for operational purposes. The contractual obligations also include the potential earnout payment from our IPR D asset acquisition less the portion accrued on the Balance Sheet. Payments due upon cancellation generally consist only of payments for services provided or expenses incurred, including non-cancellable obligations of our service providers, up to the date of cancellation. These payments have not been included separately within these contractual and other obligations disclosures. Please refer to Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies for further details. The following table summarizes our unconditional purchase and contractual commitments as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments Due by Period Less Than 1 to 3 3 to 5 More Than Total 1 Year Years Years 5 Years (in thousands) Short-term debt obligations (1) 80,000 80,000 Long-term debt obligations (2) 287,500 287,500 Interest accrued on debt (3) 1,428 1,428 Inventory purchase and other contractual obligations (4) 78,353 57,530 20,742 81 Total 447,281 138,958 20,742 287,581 

(1) Represents proceeds drawn from our Credit Line. (2) Represents the principal amount of our Convertible Notes due 2027. (3) Represents interest accrued on our Convertible Notes and Credit Line. (4) Represents various inventory purchase and other contractual obligations. Please refer to contractual commitments disclosures provided in Note 8, Commitments and contingencies for additional information. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements during the periods presented. ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RIS K Interest Rate Risk We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily relate to interest rates. Our Credit Line has an interest rate of 30-day LIBOR plus 1.10 . The interest rate was subsequently changed to the 30-day Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR average, plus 1.21 . The SOFR rate is variable. An incremental change in the borrowing rate of 100 basis points would increase our annual interest expense by 0.8 million based on our 80.4 million gross debt outstanding on our Credit Line, including principal and accrued interest as of December 31, 2022. The interest rate for our Convertible Notes is fixed at 2.25 and not exposed market risk related to interest rates. Our investment portfolio is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates. This risk is mitigated as we have maintained a relatively short average maturity for our investment portfolio. An incremental change in the investment yield of 100 basis points would increase our annual interest income by approximately 4.3 million annually in relation to amounts we would expect to earn, based on our short-term investments as of December 31, 2022. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, compared to the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, our total comprehensive loss increased by approximately 7.5 million due to the increase average yield rate. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Fluctuations Our operations are currently conducted primarily in the United States. As we expand internationally, our results of operations and cash flows may become subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. In periods when the U.S. dollar declines in value as compared to the foreign currencies in which we incur expenses, our foreign currency-based expenses will increase when translated into U.S. dollars. In addition, future fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar may affect the price at which we sell our tests outside the United States. To date, our foreign currency risk has been minimal and we have not historically hedged our foreign currency risk; however, we may consider doing so in the future. Inflation Risk As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, we do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. If the Company s costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, the Company may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through increases in revenue as increases in core inflation rates, higher interest rates, and lower equity prices may also negatively affect demand for our product offerings, our ability to raise capital and cashflow impact. The Company s inability or failure to fully offset any such higher costs could harm the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA NATERA, INC. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 84 Consolidated Balance Sheets 86 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 87 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 88 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 89 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 90 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Natera, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Natera, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. W e also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Change in Accounting Principle As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for convertible instruments as of January 1, 2021 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ). Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 

Genetic Test Revenue Description of the Matter For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s revenue from sales of genetic tests was 797.3 million. As explained in Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements, revenue from genetic tests is recognized upon delivery of the test results. The revenue recognized for the genetic tests billed to insurance carriers, patients or a combination of insurance carriers and patients is based on an estimate of the total consideration expected to be received for the genetic tests. In particular, the estimate of total consideration is affected by assumptions of reimbursement from patients and insurance carriers, including estimates for disallowed cases and refunds. Auditing the measurement of revenue related to the Company s genetic tests billed to insurance carriers, patients or a combination of insurance carriers and patients was complex due to the required analysis of extensive data to determine the total consideration to be received by the Company for delivered tests and the amounts involved are material to the financial statements taken as a whole. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to the measurement of revenue related to the genetic tests billed to insurance carriers, patients or a combination of insurance carriers and patients. This included testing controls related to management s review of the significant assumptions and inputs used in the determination of the estimated amount that would be collected for tests performed during the period. We also tested controls over the data used by management in determining this estimate, including the completeness and accuracy of the data. We performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing methodologies and testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to those used in prior periods and examined evidence regarding the changes in assumptions. /s/ Ernst Young LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012 March 1, 2023 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Natera, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except par value per share amount) 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowance of in 2022 and in 2021 Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation Other accrued liabilities Deferred revenue, current portion Short-term debt financing Total current liabilities Long-term debt financing Deferred revenue, long-term portion Operating lease liabilities, long-term portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value: shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See accompanying notes. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Natera, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (in thousands, except per share data) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Product revenues Licensing and other revenues Total revenues Cost and expenses Cost of product revenues Cost of licensing and other revenues Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total cost and expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest and other income, net Loss on debt extinguishment ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss per share (Note 13): Basic and diluted ) ) ) Weighted-average number of shares used in computing basic and diluted net loss per share: Basic and diluted See accompanying notes. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Natera, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (in thousands) 

Common Stock Additional Paid-in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Capital Income (Loss) Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Vesting of restricted stock Stock-based compensation Unrealized gain on available-for sale securities ASC 326 Adoption - CECL ) ) Equity component of Convertible Notes, net Issuance of common stock for public offering, net Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Vesting of restricted stock Stock-based compensation Unrealized loss on available-for sale securities ) ) Cumulative-effect adjustment upon adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) ) Issuance of common stock for public offering, net Issuance of common stock for IPR D acquisition Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Vesting of restricted stock Stock-based compensation Unrealized loss on available-for sale securities ) ) Issuance of common stock for public offering, net Issuance of common stock for IPR D milestone Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Natera, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Expensed in-process research and development Non-cash lease expense Stock-based compensation Inventory reserve adjustments ) ) Premium amortization and discount accretion on investment securities (Gain) loss on investments ) ) Unrealized losses on investment securities ) ) Amortization of debt discount and issuance cost Other non-cash benefits (charges) ) Provision for credit losses ) Loss on debt extinguishment Accretion of Convertible Note Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventory ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued compensation Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other accrued liabilities Deferred revenue ) ) Other long term liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Investing activities: Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments Proceeds from maturity of investments Purchases of property and equipment, net ) ) ) Cash paid for acquisition of an asset ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from Convertible Note, net of issuance costs Loan payment ) Proceeds from public offering, net of issuance cost Proceeds from Credit Line Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Beginning - cash equivalents restricted cash Ending - cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Non-cash investing and financing activities: Purchases of property and equipment in accounts payable and accruals ) See accompanying notes 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Natera, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements million and million, respectively, have been reclassified from licensing and other revenues to product revenues; and (ii) costs related to these products during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 of million and of million, respectively, have been reclassified from cost of licensing and other revenues to cost of product revenues. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and an accumulated deficit of billion as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, million in marketable securities, million of outstanding balance of the Credit Line (as defined in Note 10, Debt) including accrued interest, and million outstanding principal balance of its Convertible Senior Notes (the Convertible Notes ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million remaining available on the Credit Line. While the Company has introduced multiple products that are generating revenues, these revenues have not been sufficient to fund all operations and business plans. Accordingly, the Company has funded the portion of its operating costs and business plans that exceed revenues through a combination of equity issuances, debt issuances, and other financings. The Company continues to invest in the development and commercialization of its existing and future products and, consequently, it will need to generate additional revenues to achieve future profitability and may need to raise additional equity or debt financing. If the Company raises additional funds by issuing equity securities, its stockholders will experience dilution. Additional debt financing, if available, may involve covenants restricting its operations or its ability to incur additional debt. Any additional debt financing or additional equity that the Company raises may contain terms that are not favorable to it or its stockholders and requires significant debt service payments, which diverts resources from other activities. Additional financing may not be available when necessary, or in amounts or on terms acceptable to the Company. If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing, it may be required to delay or slow its investment in the development and commercialization of its products and significantly scale back its business and operations. On September 10, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with a third party for an asset acquisition where the acquired asset was in-process research and development primarily in exchange for an equity consideration payment. In addition, pursuant to the agreement, certain employees of the third party became employees of the Company. The third party was a biotechnology company focused on oncology. The total upfront acquisition consideration amounts to million composed of the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock with a fair value of million, approximately million of cash consideration, assumed net liabilities of million, as well as million of acquisition related legal and accounting costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The Company accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition as substantially all of the estimated fair value of the gross assets acquired was concentrated in a single identified in-process research and development asset IPR D thus satisfying the requirements of the screen test in ASU 2017-01. The estimated fair value of the acquired workforce was not significant. The Company concluded the acquired IPR D has no alternative-future use and accordingly expensed approximately million, on the day the transaction closed as research and development expense, which is reflected in its consolidated statement of operations. Further, additional consideration aggregating up to approximately million may be paid in an estimated of additional shares, consistent with the registration statement filed with the SEC on September 10, 2021, that are potentially issuable to legacy shareholders of this third party upon the achievement of defined milestones relating to product development, commercial launch and continued employment of certain selling shareholders, each of which will be revalued at each reporting date and amount of compensation expense will be adjusted accordingly. In November 2022, the remaining consideration was modified, resulting in a million milestone payment primarily made in the form of the Company s stock in December 2022 and a remaining million milestone payment estimated to be payable by March 31, 2023 primarily in the form of the Company s stock. The Company assessed the remaining milestone as probable as of December 31, 2022. As achievement of the milestone is contingent upon the continued employment of certain selling shareholders, the Company accounted for the consideration related to all of the milestones as compensation expenses and recognized these expenses ratably over the estimated performance period. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 shares of its common stock at a price of per share to the public. Before offering expenses of million, the Company received proceeds of million net of the underwriting discount. In November 2022, the Company completed an underwritten equity offering and sold shares of its common stock at a price of per share to the public. Before offering expenses of million, the Company received proceeds of million net of the underwriting discount. Based on the Company s current business plan, the Company believes that its existing cash and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet its anticipated cash requirements for at least 12 months after March 1, 2023. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Restricted cash, current portion in balance sheet Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in statements of cash flows million cash payment. Matthew Rabinowitz is the Chairman of the board of directors and Co-Founder of both the Company and MyOme. The Company s investment in MyOme is recorded at cost and will be evaluated for impairment at the end of each reporting period. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 customers exceeding 10 of total revenues on an individual basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were customers with an outstanding balance exceeding 10 of net accounts receivable. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. million, million, and million, respectively. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 . The net book value of capitalized software held for internal use was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense for amounts previously capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively. Net unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax and foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Ending balance ) ) million, million, and million, in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 . The interest rate was subsequently changed to the 30-day Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR average, plus . The Company does not expect adoption of this standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 million, million, and million, respectively, were released from amounts previously held in reserves in other accrued liabilities and recognized as product revenue. Signatera Product Revenues with Pharmaceutical Companies The Company enters into agreements with pharmaceutical companies to utilize the Company s Signatera tests typically to study new cancer treatments or to validate the outcomes of clinical trials for which the pharmaceutical companies are identified as customers. Such arrangements generally involve performing whole exome sequencing WES services and the testing of patient samples to detect cancer mutations using its Signatera test. Each test is billable to customers and the personalized cancer profile also makes each test distinct within the context of the contract as customers can exercise control over the test results upon delivery. The Company allocates the contract price to each test using the stand-alone selling price for each service and recognizes the test processing revenue as individual test results are delivered to customers. Licensing and Other Revenues The Company recognizes licensing revenues from its cloud-based distribution service offering, Constellation, by granting licenses to its licensees to use certain of the Company s proprietary intellectual properties and cloud-based software and IVD kits. The Company also recognizes revenues from its strategic collaboration agreements, such as those with BGI Genomics Co., Ltd. and Foundation Medicine, Inc. Constellation The laboratory partners with which the Company enters into a licensing arrangement represent the licensees and are identified as customers. The licensees do not have the right to possess the Company s software, but rather receive professional services through the cloud software. These arrangements often include: (i) the delivery of the services through the cloud software, (ii) the necessary support and training, and (iii) the IVD kits to be consumed as tests are processed. The Company does not consider the software as a service, the support and training as being distinct in the context of such arrangements, and therefore they are combined as a single performance obligation. The software, support and training are delivered simultaneously to the licensees over the term of the arrangement. The Company bills the majority of licensees, who process the tests in their laboratories, a fixed price for each test processed. Licensing revenues are recognized as the performance obligations are satisfied (i.e., upon the delivery of each test) and reported in licensing and other revenues in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 million as a result of the termination. The remaining million of deferred revenue was recognized as licensing and other revenue in the first quarter of 2021. BGI Genomics In February 2019, the Company entered into a License Agreement with BGI Genomics Co., Ltd. BGI Genomics to develop, manufacture, and commercialize NGS-based genetic testing assays for clinical and commercial use. The agreement has a term of ten years and expires in February 2029. According to the agreement, the Company is entitled to a total of million, comprised of upfront technology license fees, prepaid royalties relating to future sales of licensed products and performance of assay interpretation services, and milestone payments. During the three months ended June 30, 2019, the Company received million, net of withholding taxes, of these amounts. Also, as required by the agreement with BGI Genomics, in June 2019 the Company prepaid million to BGI Genomics for future sequencing services and million for future sequencing equipment. These advance payments for equipment and services to be received in future periods aggregating to million were originally recorded in other assets on the Balance Sheet. During the year ending December 31, 2022, million was reclassified as prepaid expenses and other current assets. During the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million as revenue upon achieving a milestone. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company licensed its intellectual property and will provide development services. Following completion of development services, the Company will provide assay interpretation services over the term of the agreement. The Company concluded that the license is not a distinct performance obligation as it does not have a stand-alone value to BGI Genomics apart from the related development services. Therefore, license and related development services, for each of the NIPT and Oncology products, represents a single performance obligation. The Company is responsible for granting a license to specified intellectual property and performing certain development activities to customize its genetic testing assays for oncology and NIPT for use with BGI Genomics sequencing instruments and proprietary technology platform. Revenue associated with these performance obligations is recognized over time using the input method, based on costs incurred to perform the development services, since the level of costs incurred over time best reflect the transfer of development services. Revenue associated with the assay interpretation services will be recognized upon delivery of these services. Funds received in advance are recorded as deferred revenue and will be recognized as the related services are delivered. The initial transaction price was primarily comprised of license and milestone fees. The Company constrains the estimated variable consideration when it assesses it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized may occur in future periods. Certain milestone and license fees were constrained and not included in the transaction price due to the uncertainties of research and development. The Company re-evaluates the transaction price, including the estimated variable consideration included in the transaction price and all constrained amounts, in each reporting period and as uncertain events are resolved or other changes in circumstances occur. The allocation of the transaction price was performed based on standalone selling prices, which are based on estimated amounts that the Company would charge for a performance obligation if it were sold separately. In accordance with ASC 340-40, any incremental costs incurred to obtain a contract with a customer are required to be capitalized and amortized over the period in which the goods and services are transferred to the customer. The incremental costs incurred in connection with the BGI Genomics arrangement is not material on an accumulated basis and therefore will not be capitalized on the balance sheet but will be expensed as incurred. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 , expiring in August 2024, with automatic renewals thereafter for successive terms, unless the Foundation Medicine Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its terms. Natera and Foundation Medicine will share the revenues generated from both biopharmaceutical and clinical customers in accordance with the terms of the Foundation Medicine Agreement. The Foundation Medicine Agreement provides for approximately million in upfront licensing fees and prepaid revenues payable to the Company, and up to approximately million in minimum annual payments and payments tied to the Company s achievement of certain developmental, regulatory, and commercial milestones. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has invoiced and received a payment of million for all milestones achieved through December 2022. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company will provide development services in conjunction with granting the use of the Company s intellectual property. Following completion of those development services, the Company will provide assay testing services over the term of the agreement. The Company has concluded that the license is not a distinct performance obligation as it is highly interrelated and interdependent with the related development services. Therefore, license and related development services represent a single performance obligation. The Company is responsible for providing the technology license and certain development services that are required to customize its proprietary Signatera test to work with Foundation Medicine s FoundationOne CDx. The intellectual property has been licensed to Foundation Medicine for the customized test. In addition, the Company is responsible for delivering clinical study plans in order to demonstrate efficacy of the customized test. Revenues associated with each of the performance obligations are recognized over time using the input method, based on costs incurred to perform the development services, since the level of costs incurred over time best reflect the transfer of development services. Revenue associated with the assay testing services will be recognized upon delivery of these services. Funds received in advance are recorded as deferred revenue and will be recognized as the related services are delivered. The initial transaction price was primarily comprised of license and milestone fees. The Company constrains the estimated variable consideration when it assesses it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized may occur in future periods. Certain milestone fees were constrained and not included in the transaction price due to the uncertainties of research and development. The Company re-evaluates the transaction price, including the estimated variable consideration included in the transaction price and all constrained amounts, in each reporting period and as uncertain events are resolved or other changes in circumstances occur. The allocation of the transaction price was performed based on standalone selling prices, which are based on estimated amounts that the Company would charge for a performance obligation if it were sold separately. In accordance with ASC 340-40, any incremental costs incurred to obtain a contract with a customer are required to be capitalized and amortized over the period in which the goods and services are transferred to the customer. The Company has elected to apply a practical expedient under ASC 340-40 to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an expense when incurred provided that the amortization period of such costs, if capitalized, is one year or less. Since the incremental costs to obtain the Foundation Medicine Agreement would be amortized over a period of one year or less, these costs were expensed as incurred. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 Laboratory partners Patients Total revenues The following table presents total revenues by geographic area based on the location of the Company s payers: Americas, excluding U.S. Europe, Middle East, India, Africa Asia Pacific and Other Total The following table summarizes the Company s beginning and ending balances of accounts receivable and deferred revenues: Liabilities: Deferred revenue, current portion Deferred revenue, long-term portion Total deferred revenues 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 The following table shows the changes in the balance of deferred revenues during the period: Increase in deferred revenues Reclasses from deferred revenues to other short-term liabilities ) ) Revenue recognized during the period that was included in deferred revenues at the beginning of the period ) ) Revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied within the same period ) ) Ending balance During the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue recognized that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period totaled million with approximately million related to BGI Genomics and Foundation Medicine, and the remaining million related to genetic testing services. During the year ended December 31, 2022, million was recognized as deferred revenue and later earned as revenue in the same period with approximately million related to BGI Genomics and Foundation Medicine, and the remaining million related to genetic testing services. The current portion of deferred revenue includes million from genetic testing services and million from the BGI Genomics agreement. The non-current portion of deferred revenue includes million from the BGI Genomics agreement. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 Liquid demand deposits U.S. Treasury securities Corporate bonds and notes Municipal securities Total financial assets Fair Value of Short-Term and Long-Term Debt: As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the total principal outstanding and accrued interest of the Credit Line, which are not presented at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively, and were based upon observable Level 1 inputs, including the interest rate based on the 30-day SOFR average, plus (see Note 10, Debt ). As of December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of the Convertible Notes, which are not presented at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was million and million, respectively, was based upon observable Level 2 inputs, including pricing information from recent trades of the Convertible Notes (see Note 10, Debt ). Liquid demand deposits U.S. Treasury securities (1) ) ) Corporate bonds and notes (1) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) Total ) ) Classified as: Cash equivalents (2) Short-term investments Total (1)
 Per the Company s investment policy, all debt securities are classified as short-term investments irrespective of holding period. 

(2) Cash equivalents includes cash sweep accounts, liquid demand deposits and U.S. Treasury money market mutual funds. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 The Company invests in U.S. Treasuries, U.S. agency and high quality municipal bonds which mature at par value and are all paying their coupons on schedule. The Company has therefore concluded there is currently no other than temporary impairment of its investments and will continue to recognize unrealized gains and losses in other comprehensive income (loss). The Company sold million and million of investments during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the amount of gross realized losses upon sales of investments were million. The amount of gross realized gains and losses in 2021 were insignificant. The Company uses the specific investment identification method to calculate realized gains and losses and amounts reclassified out of other comprehensive income to net income. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had investments in an unrealized loss position in its portfolio. The fair value for investment securities at an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022 was million. An allowance for credit losses was not necessary as decrease in the fair market value for a majority of the available-for-sale securities was as a result of a significant average yield rate decrease for similar securities as of December 31, 2022. T he Company has assessed the unrealized loss position for available-for-sale debt securities for which an allowance for credit losses has not been recorded. The following table presents debt securities available-for-sale that were in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022, aggregated by major security type and length of time in a continuous loss position. ) ) ) Corporate bonds and notes ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) The following table summarizes the Company s portfolio of available-for-sale securities by contractual maturity as of December 31, 2022: Greater than one year but less than five years Total 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 Cumulative-effect adjustment upon adoption of ASU 2016-13 Provision for credit losses ) Write offs ) ) ) Ending balance Property and Equipment, net The Company s property and equipment consisted of the following: - Computer equipment Purchased and capitalized software held for internal use Leasehold improvements Lesser of useful life or lease term Construction-in-process Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total Property and Equipment, net The Company s property and equipment are primarily located in the United States. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation expense of million and million was recorded, respectively. There were no material write-offs of fully depreciated assets in the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company wrote off million in fully depreciated assets. The Company did not incur any material impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Accrued commissions Accrued bonuses Other accrued compensation Total accrued compensation 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 Accrued charges for third-party testing Testing and laboratory materials from suppliers Marketing and corporate affairs Legal, audit and consulting fees Accrued shipping charges Sales and income taxes payable Accrued third-party service fees Clinical trials and studies Operating lease liabilities, current portion Property and equipment purchases Other accrued interest Other accrued expenses Total other accrued liabilities Reserves for refunds to insurance carriers include overpayments from and amounts to be refunded to insurance carriers, and additional amounts that the Company estimates for potential refund requests during the period. When and if these previously accrued amounts are no longer required based on actual refunds requested, any remaining reserve amounts are released. When the Company releases these previously accrued amounts, they are recognized as product revenues in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The following table summarizes the reserve balance and activities for refunds to insurance carriers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Additional reserves Refunds to carriers ) ) Reserves released to revenue ) ) Ending balance square feet in Austin, Texas. The original lease term was beginning in December 2015 and expiring in November 2026 with monthly payments beginning in December 2016. In December 2021, the Company entered into an amendment of the Austin lease agreement which extended the lease of the current premises through March 2033. The amendment also includes additional office spaces (the First Expansion Premises and the Second Expansion Premises ). The First Expansion Premises consists of rentable square feet and commenced in February 2022. The Second Expansion Premises consists of rentable square feet and commenced in September 2022. The terms of the First and Second Expansion Premises expire in March 2033. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 square feet comprised of office spaces (the First Space and the Second Space ). The First Space covers approximately square feet, and the Second Space totals approximately square feet. The term of this lease is approximately and expires in October 2023. This lease contains an option to renew the lease term for , but the fair market rent amount upon renewal is not available from the landlord. In January 2021, the Company entered into an amendment of the lease to extend the term for to October 2027. The combined annual rent for the First Space and Second Space will be million commencing in October 2023. In addition, the Company entered into a sublease agreement in June 2019 with a third party to sublease square feet of space located on the third floor of the San Carlos, California building while maintaining its primary obligation as the intermediate lessor. The term of this lease is approximately commencing in October 2019 and expiring in September 2023. The annual lease payment starts at million and will escalate annually commencing in October 2020. In February 2021, the Company entered into an amendment of the San Carlos sublease agreement whereas the third party will surrender rentable square feet by December 31, 2021. The Company entered into a lease agreement commencing June 2018 for its cord blood tissue storage facility in Tukwila, Washington that covers approximately square feet. The lease term is expiring in July 2023. The Company has the option to extend this lease for , and the fair market rent upon renewal is not determinable. However, since the Company sold its business related to cord blood and tissue storage in September 2019, the Company has subleased the facility and does not intend to exercise its option to renew the facility upon expiration. The Company entered into a lease agreement in November 2020 to lease square feet of space located in South San Francisco, California over a 36-month term. The premises are used for general office, laboratory and research use. The annual lease payment starts at million and will escalate annually commencing in December 2021. In December 2022, the Company exercised the renewal option of the South San Francisco lease agreement. In January 2023, the Company entered in an amendment to extend the lease term of the South San Francisco premises by , through November 2026. As part of the IPR D asset acquisition in September 2021, the Company inherited a 24-month lease for square feet of laboratory space in Canada. The annual lease payment starts at million and will expire in August 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded noncash activities of million primarily related to additional right-of-use assets of which million was a result of the first and second Austin expansion premises. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded noncash activities of million primarily related to additional right-of-use assets of which million was a result of the San Carlos lease extension which was accounted for as a modification under ASC 842. The Company has also historically entered into leases of individual workspaces and storage spaces at various locations on both a month-to-month basis without an established lease term, and more recently for certain locations, has committed to terms approximating one to . For the facilities without a committed lease term, the Company has elected to not recognize them as right-of-use assets on the consolidated balance sheets as they are all considered short-term leases. For individual workspaces where the committed lease term exceeds one year, the Company has recorded a right-of-use asset on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 Operating lease liabilities, long-term portion Total operating lease liabilities The initial recognition of the operating lease liabilities was measured as the present value of the future minimum lease payments using a discount rate determined as of January 1, 2019. The operating right-of-use assets was calculated as the operating lease liabilities discounted at the present value, less the amount of unamortized tenant improvement allowance and deferred rent. The discount rate used was the Company s incremental borrowing rate given that the implicit rate to each lease was not readily determinable. In accordance with ASC 842, the incremental borrowing rate was estimated as the annual percentage yield resulting from a corporate debt financing over a loan term approximating the remaining term of each lease, with the effect of certain credit risk rating. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average remaining lease term was 7.53 years and the weighted-average discount rate was . The Company continues to recognize lease expense on a straight-line basis. The lease expense includes the amortization of the right-of-assets with the associated interest component estimated by applying the effective interest method. Total lease expense recognized in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Cash paid for amounts in the measurement of operating lease liabilities totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The present value of the future minimum lease payments under all non-cancellable operating leases as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Operating lease liabilities 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 patent litigations against CareDx, Inc. CareDx in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware CareDx Patent Cases ). In the first CareDx Patent Case, CareDx alleged, in a complaint filed jointly with the Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University Stanford in March 2019 and amended in March 2020, that the Company infringed patents. The complaint sought unspecified damages and injunctive relief. In September 2021, the Court granted the Company s motion for summary judgment, finding all patents invalid. This finding was affirmed on appeal in July 2022 by the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, and CareDx s petition for a rehearing has been denied. In the second CareDx Patent Case, the Company alleges, in suits filed in January 2020 and May 2022, infringement by CareDx of of the Company s patents, seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. The case is currently pending and is scheduled for trial in January 2024. The Company has filed suit against ArcherDX, Inc. ArcherDX in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, alleging, in complaints and amended complaints filed in January, April, and August of 2020, which cases were consolidated in September 2020, that certain ArcherDX products infringe of the Company s patents (the ArcherDX case ). In January 2021, the Company filed a second amended complaint naming an additional Archer DX entity, ArcherDx LLC, and Invitae Corp. as defendants. The Company is seeking unspecified monetary damages and injunctive relief. Trial is currently scheduled for May 2023. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 Ravgen patents. The complaint seeks monetary damages and injunctive relief. Various parties, including Natera, have filed petitions challenging the validity of the asserted patents with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, all of which were instituted for review. The petitions filed by the Company and certain others remain pending. The lawsuit against the Company has been stayed pending the outcome of these petitions. The Company was involved in litigation against Progenity, Inc. Progenity ), in which the Company alleged that Progenity s NIPT test infringes of the Company s patents. Progenity sought declaratory judgment of non-infringement of the Company s asserted patents, and petitioned the Patent Trial and Appeal Board of the United States Patent and Trademark Office for inter partes review of all of the Company s asserted patents. In August 2021, the parties entered into a settlement agreement to settle the matters described above. In October 2020, the Company filed suit against Genosity Inc. Genosity ), in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, alleging that various Genosity products infringe of the Company s patents and seeking unspecified monetary damages and injunctive relief. In April 2022, the Court granted the parties stipulated request to stay the case pending the entry of a final judgment in the ArcherDX Litigation, in which the subject patent is also asserted. In January 2021, the Company filed suit against Inivata, Inc. and Inivata Ltd. (collectively Inivata in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. The complaint, amended by the Company in May 2021, alleges that various Inivata oncology products infringe of the Company s patents and seeks unspecified monetary damages and injunctive relief. Inivata filed a motion to dismiss the Company s amended complaint, which the Court denied in March 2022. The Company is the subject of lawsuits filed against it by Invitae Corp. Invitae in the United States District Court of the District of Delaware alleging, in complaints filed in May and November of 2021, infringement of patents and seeking monetary damages and injunctive relief. Other Litigation Matters. In August 2019, a suit was filed against the Company in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois by a patient alleging claims relating to a discordant test result and seeking monetary damages. The suit was dismissed in June 2021. The Company is involved in litigation with CareDx. CareDx filed suit against the Company in April 2019 in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, alleging false advertising, and related claims based on statements describing studies that concern the Company s technology and CareDx s technology, seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. In February 2020, the Company filed a counterclaim against CareDx in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, alleging false advertising, unfair competition and deceptive trade practices and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. In March 2022, after trial, the jury returned a verdict that Natera was liable to CareDx and found damages of million. The jury also returned a verdict against CareDx, finding that CareDx had engaged in false advertising. The Company has filed a motion for judgment as a matter of law, requesting that the Court set aside the portions of the jury verdict adverse to Natera and issue a judgment accordingly. Because the Court has not issued an order of judgment, and because the motion for judgment as a matter of law remains pending, Natera does not consider a loss related to this matter to be probable and estimable. The Company is involved in litigation against Guardant, Inc. Guardant ). On or about May 27, 2021, Guardant filed suit against the Company in the United States District Court of the Northern District of California alleging false advertising and related claims and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. On or about May 28, 2021, the Company filed suit against Guardant in the Western District of Texas, alleging false advertising and related claims. The Company has voluntarily dismissed its Texas suit against Guardant. In the California action, the Company has answered Guardant s complaint and has asserted the claims from the action it dismissed in Texas as counterclaims, seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. In August 2021, Guardant moved to dismiss the Company s counterclaims, which motion was denied in all material respects. Trial is currently scheduled for July 2023. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 December 2024 Material suppliers June 2026 Application service providers March 2026 Earnouts for development with third party (1) March 2023 Other suppliers Various Total (1) The earnouts for asset development represent the potential earnout payments for asset development with the acquired Canadian entity which are to be achieved upon the satisfaction of certain contractual conditions less the portion accrued on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Upon achievement, the earnout consideration will primarily be paid in shares of the Company s common stock, calculated based upon the fair market value of the Company s common stock at the time such shares are issued. shares. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2015 Plan will be increased automatically on the first business day of each fiscal year, commencing in 2016, by a number equal to the least of : shares; of the shares of common stock outstanding on the last business day of the prior fiscal year; or the number of shares determined by the Company s board of directors. Stock options vest as determined by the compensation committee. In general, they will vest over a period following the date of grant. Stock options expire at the time determined by the compensation committee but in no event more than ten years after they are granted. These awards generally expire earlier if the participant s service terminates earlier. Restricted Shares and Stock Units. Restricted shares and stock units may be awarded under the 2015 Plan in return for any lawful consideration, and participants who receive restricted shares or stock units generally are not required to pay cash for their awards. In general, these awards will be subject to vesting. Vesting may be based on length of service, the attainment of performance-based and market-based milestones or a combination of both, as determined by the compensation committee. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 shares of its common stock for issuance under the 2015 ESPP. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for issuance under the 2015 ESPP. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2015 ESPP will automatically be increased on the first business day of each of the Company s fiscal years, commencing in 2016, by a number equal to the least of: shares; of the shares of common stock outstanding on the last business day of the prior fiscal year; or the number of shares determined by the Company s board of directors. The number of shares reserved under the 2015 ESPP will automatically be adjusted in the event of a stock split, stock dividend or a reverse stock split (including an adjustment to the per-purchase period share limit). Purchase Price. Employees may purchase each share of common stock under the 2015 ESPP at a price equal to of the lower of the fair market values of the stock as of the beginning or the end of the six-month offering periods. An employee s payroll deductions under the ESPP are limited to of the compensation, and up to a maximum of shares may be purchased during any offering period. A participant shall not be granted an option under the ESPP if such option would permit the participant s rights to purchase stock to accrue at a rate exceeding fair market value of stock for each calendar year in which such option is outstanding at any time. Offering Periods. Each offering period will last a number of months determined by the compensation committee, not to exceed . A new offering period will begin periodically, as determined by the compensation committee. Offering periods may overlap or may be consecutive. Unless otherwise determined by the compensation committee, offering periods of duration will begin in each year on May 1 and November 1. The following table summarizes the offering activity during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: May 1, 2021 - October 31, 2021 November 1, 2021 - April 30, 2022 May 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 Stock Options The following table summarizes option and RSU activity during the year ended December 31, 2022: Additional shares authorized Options granted ) Options exercised ) Options forfeited/cancelled ) RSUs granted ) RSUs forfeited/cancelled Balance at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were , , and per share, respectively. The total fair value of stock options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. Performance-based Awards The Company grants certain senior-level executives performance stock options and units which vest based on either market and time-based service conditions or performance and time-based service conditions, which are referred to herein as performance-based awards. The Company has assessed the performance-based award with the appropriate valuation method and has recognized the applicable stock-based compensation expense. The following table summarizes the performance-based and market-based awards as of December 31, 2022: (1) Monte-Carlo Simulation Q1 2020 (3) Grant Date Stock Price Q1 2020 (3) Black-Scholes-Merton Q2 2020 (3) Grant Date Stock Price Q3 2020 (4) Black-Scholes-Merton Q3 2020 (3) Grant Date Stock Price Q4 2020 (1) Monte-Carlo Simulation Q4 2020 (5) Grant Date Stock Price Q1 2021 (1) Monte-Carlo Simulation Q1 2021 (3) Grant Date Stock Price Q2 2021 (1) Monte-Carlo Simulation Q2 2021 (3) Black-Scholes-Merton 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 (3) Grant Date Stock Price Q4 2021 (1) Monte-Carlo Simulation Q4 2021 (3) Grant Date Stock Price Q1 2022 (3) Black-Scholes-Merton Q1 2022 (3) Grant Date Stock Price Q2 2022 (3) Grant Date Stock Price Q3 2022 (2) Grant Date Stock Price Q4 2022 (2) Grant Date Stock Price (1) The awards vest based on the achievement of certain values of the Company s common stock at multiple thresholds within certain periods and are contingent upon the completion of requisite service through the date of such vesting. (2) The vesting of the awards will be triggered after the end of the achievement milestone, as measured by the Company. (3) The awards vest based on achievement of certain revenue targets, units, and system implementation, contingent upon the completion of requisite service through the date of such vesting. (4) The awards have vested based on a change of coverage. (5) The awards will vest based on achievement of certain revenue and recruiting targets. The Company has recognized million in stock-based compensation for performance-based awards for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to million in stock-based compensation for performance-based awards for the year ended December 31, 2021. performance-based awards with market conditions estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model were granted in the current year. The fair value of the performance-based awards with market conditions granted estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model used the following inputs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Expected dividend yield Expected volatility Expected term (years) Restricted Stock Units The following table summarizes unvested restricted stock unit RSU activity for the year ended December 31, 2022: Granted Vested ) Cancelled/Forfeited ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Stock-Based Compensation Expense Stock based compensation is related to stock options and RSUs granted to the Company s employees and is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award. The fair value is recognized as expense over the requisite 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of unrecognized compensation expense, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, related to unvested option awards and RSUs will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 2.6 years. Valuation of Stock Option Grants to Employees and Non-Employees The Company utilizes Black-Scholes option pricing model when estimating the fair value of stock options. The following valuation assumptions were applied on both the employee and non-employee options. In the same period of the prior year, the valuation assumptions as follows were only used for stock options granted to employees. Expected volatility Expected dividend rate Risk-free interest rate As of December 31, 2022, total options outstanding include shares of option awards that were granted to non-employees, of which all are vested. Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options granted to non-employees is recognized as the stock option is earned and the services are rendered. The Company believes that the estimated fair value of the stock options is more readily measurable than the fair value of the services rendered. million revolving line of credit which can be drawn down in increments at any time. The Credit Line was amended in July 2017 and bears interest at 30-day LIBOR plus , and it is secured by a first priority lien and security interest in the Company s money market and marketable securities held in its managed investment account with UBS. The Credit Line was subsequently increased from million to million in 2020. The interest rate was subsequently changed to 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 in 2022. The SOFR rate is variable. The Credit Line is secured by a first priority lien and security interest in the Company s money market and marketable securities held in its managed investment account with UBS. UBS has the right to demand full or partial payment of the Credit Line obligations and terminate the Credit Line, in its discretion and without cause, at any time. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded interest expense of million, million, and million, respectively. Interest payments totaling million, million, and million had been made on the Credit Line during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, remaining accrued interest was million, and the total principal amount outstanding including accrued interest was million. Convertible Notes In April 2020, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes due 2027 in a private placement offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Convertible Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of the Company and bear interest at a rate of per year, payable in cash semi-annually. The Convertible Notes mature in May 2027, unless earlier converted, repurchased or redeemed in accordance with their terms. Upon conversion, the Convertible Notes are convertible into cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s election. The Company received net proceeds from the Convertible Notes of million, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and debt issuance costs. The Company used approximately million of the net proceeds from the Convertible Notes offering to repay its obligations under the 2017 Term Loan with OrbiMed. The holders of the Convertible Notes may convert all or a portion of their Convertible Notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding February 1, 2027 in multiples of principal amount, under any the following circumstances: During any fiscal quarter commencing after September 30, 2020 (and only during such fiscal quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day. During the business day period after any consecutive trading day period in which the trading price per principal amount of Convertible Notes for each trading day of that -day consecutive trading period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day. If the Company calls any or all of the Convertible Notes for redemption at any time prior to the close of business on the second business day prior to the redemption date. Upon the occurrence of certain distributions. Upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions. The Convertible Notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, at an initial conversion rate of shares of common stock per principal amount of the Convertible Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock, convertible to shares of common stock. The conversion rate and corresponding conversion price are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events but will not be adjusted for any accrued or unpaid interest. The holders of the Convertible Notes who redeem their Convertible Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change are, under certain circumstances, entitled to an increase in the conversion rate. Additionally, in the event of a fundamental change, the holders of the Convertible Notes may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or a portion of their Convertible Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days during any consecutive trading day period ending on the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption. The redemption price will be equal to of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. Upon adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company reallocated all of the debt discount to long-term debt financing. The debt discount is amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method, computed to be , over the life of the Convertible Notes or approximately its term. The outstanding Convertible Notes balance as of December 31, 2022 is summarized in the following table: Unamortized debt discount and debt issuance cost ) Net carrying amount The following table presents total interest expense recognized related to the Convertible Notes during the year ended December 31, 2022: Non-cash interest expense Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance cost Total interest expense shares of its common stock at a price of per share to the public. Before offering expenses of million, the Company received proceeds of million net of the underwriting discount. In July 2021, the Company completed an underwritten equity offering and sold shares of its common stock at a price of per share to the public. Before offering expenses of million, the Company received proceeds of million net of the underwriting discount. On September 10, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with a third party for an asset acquisition where the acquired asset was in-process research and development primarily in exchange for an equity consideration payment. The total upfront acquisition consideration amounts to million composed of the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock with a fair value of million, approximately million of cash consideration, assumed net liabilities of million, as well as million of acquisition related legal and accounting costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. In November 2022, the remaining consideration was modified, resulting in a million 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 million milestone payment estimated to be payable by March 31, 2023 primarily in the Company s stock. In November 2022, the Company completed an underwritten equity offering and sold shares of its common stock at a price of per share to the public. Before offering expenses of million, the Company received proceeds of million net of the underwriting discount. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had authorized shares of its preferred stock, of which shares were issued and outstanding ; and authorized shares of its common stock, at par value, and there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding . ) ) ) ) ) State tax expense ) ) ) ) ) ) Research and development credits ) ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) ) Foreign tax Other nondeductible items Nondeductible officers compensation Acquisition costs Change in valuation allowance Provision for income taxes During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded total income tax expense of million. The Company provides testing to clinics and also licenses its cloud-based software to licensees that are based in a foreign country, which contributed to a foreign income tax expense of million. Total income tax expense also included a state income tax expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded total income tax expense of million. The Company provides testing to clinics and also licenses its cloud-based software to licensees that are based in a foreign country, which contributed to a foreign income tax expense of million. Total income tax expense also included a state income tax expense of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded total income tax expense of million, which included foreign withholding tax expense and state income tax benefit. 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 Intangibles Research and development tax credit carryforwards Capitalized research costs Reserves and accruals Lease Liabilities Deferred revenue Stock-based compensation Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets after valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Fixed Assets ) Right-of-use lease assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets The Company established a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets in 2022 and 2021 due to the uncertainty surrounding realization of these assets. The valuation allowance increased to million as of 2022 from million as of 2021 due to current year losses and credits claimed. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal, state, and foreign net operating loss NOLs carryforwards of approximately billion, billion, and million, respectively, which begin to expire in 2027, 2028, and 2031, respectively, if not utilized. Approximately billion of federal net operating loss included above can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company also had federal research and development credit carryforwards of approximately million, which begin to expire in 2027, and state research and development credit carryforwards of approximately million, which can be carried forward indefinitely. Realization of these deferred tax assets would require billion in taxable income to fully utilize. Realization is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income prior to expiration of the loss and credit carryforwards. Federal, state and foreign tax laws impose substantial restrictions on the utilization of NOLs and credit carryforwards in the event of an ownership change for tax purpose, as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. Accordingly, the Company s ability to utilize these carryforwards may be limited as the result of such ownership change. Such a limitation could result in limitation in the use of the NOLs in future years and possibly a reduction of the NOLs available. 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions (reductions) for tax positions of prior years ) ) Balance at end of year During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the amount of unrecognized tax benefits increased million, million, and million, respectively, due to additional research and development credits generated during the year. As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was million, million, and million, respectively. The reversal of the uncertain tax benefits would not affect the Company s effective tax rate to the extent that it continues to maintain a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. The Company is subject to U.S. federal, state, and foreign income taxes. Tax regulations within each jurisdiction are subject to the interpretation of the related tax laws and regulations, and require significant judgment to apply. The Company is subject to U.S. federal, state and local tax examinations by tax authorities for all prior tax years since incorporation. The Company does not anticipate significant changes to its current uncertain tax positions through December 31, 2022. The Company recognizes any interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters as a component of income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, there were no accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. million as of December 31, 2022. Since the Company is in a net loss position in the periods presented, the shares which would be issued upon conversion of the Convertible Notes are excluded from the net loss per share calculation as it would have an antidilutive effect. As such, the million shares underlying the conversion option of the Convertible Notes will not have an impact on the Company s diluted earnings per share. If converted, the Company does not intend to settle the obligation in cash. 
 124 

Table of Contents) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average number of shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted Net loss per share, basic and diluted ) ) ) The following table shows the potentially dilutive common stock equivalents that were excluded from the computations of diluted net loss per share as their effect would be anti-dilutive, as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: Restricted stock units Employee stock purchase plan Convertible Note Estimated earnout shares for an asset acquisition ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSUR E None. ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURE S Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, management has concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria set forth in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. Based on our evaluation, management has concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the COSO criteria. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by , an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the year ended December 31, 2022, we have completed the implementation of certain modules for a new Enterprise Resource Planning ERP software system. Accordingly, we have modified certain existing internal control processes relating to the implementation of the new ERP system. There have been no additional changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the period ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Natera, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Natera, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Natera, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Ernst Young LLP San Mateo, California March 1, 2023 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Following extensive discussions regarding succession planning, the Company and Robert Schueren, the Company s Chief Operating Officer, have agreed that Mr. Schueren s role with the Company will transition over the course of March 2023, with gradually reducing duties and responsibilities, into a part-time role with the Company of two days per week. Mr. Schueren s base salary will be adjusted on a pro rata basis to reflect his reduced time commitment. As a result of the foregoing, the Company s board of directors determined that, effective as of February 24, 2023, Mr. Schueren is no longer a Section 16 officer of the Company. ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections None. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders (the Proxy Statement ), which we expect to file no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated in this report by reference. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement, which we expect to file no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated in this report by reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement, which we expect to file no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated in this report by reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENC E The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement, which we expect to file no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated in this report by reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement, which we expect to file no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated in this report by reference. 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements (included in Part II of this report): Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Balance Sheets Statement of Operations Statement of Stockholders Equity Statement of Cash Flows Notes to Financial Statements (2) Financial Statement Schedules: All financial statement schedules are omitted because the information is inapplicable or presented in the notes to the financial statements. (b) The following exhibits are filed with or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant. 8-K 001-37478 3.1 07/09/2015 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant, effective as of November 3, 2021 10-Q 001-37478 3.1 11/05/2021 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate S-1/A 333-204622 4.1 06/22/2015 4.2 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated November 20, 2014. S-1 333-204622 4.2 06/01/2015 4.3 Description of Common Stock 10-K 001-37478 4.3 02/26/2021 4.4 Indenture (including form of Note) with respect to the Company s 2.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027, dated as of April 16, 2020, between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee 8-K 001-37478 4.1 04/16/2020 10.1.1 UBS Credit Line Agreement, dated September 23, 2015, as amended. 10-Q 001-37478 10.2 11/12/2015 
 129 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 10.1.2 Amendment to UBS Credit Line Agreement, dated July 5, 2017. 10-Q 001-37478 10.1 08/09/2017 10.2.1 Supply Agreement, dated September 18, 2014, by and between Registrant and Illumina, Inc., as amended (conformed copy). S-1/A 333-204622 10.13 06/30/2015 10.2.2 Second Amendment to Supply Agreement, dated September 21, 2015, by and between Registrant and Illumina, Inc. 10-Q 001-37478 10.1 08/11/2016 10.2.3 Third Amendment to Supply Agreement, dated June 8, 2016, by and between Registrant and Illumina, Inc. 10-Q 001-37478 10.2 08/11/2016 10.2.4 Fourth Amendment to Supply Agreement, dated January 3, 2019, by and between Registrant and Illumina, Inc. 10-K 001-37478 10.8 03/15/2019 10.2.5 Fifth Amendment to Supply Agreement, dated December 18, 2019, by and between Registrant and Illumina, Inc. 10-K 001-37478 10.5.5 03/02/2020 10.2.6 Sixth Amendment to Supply Agreement, dated May 8, 2020, by and between Registrant and Illumina, Inc. 10-Q 001-37478 10.1 08/07/2020 10.2.7 Seventh Amendment to Supply Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Illumina, Inc. 10-Q 001-37478 10.1 11/05/2021 10.3.1 Application Service Provider Agreement, dated September 19, 2014, by and between Registrant and DNAnexus, Inc., as amended 10-K 001-37478 10.11 03/16/2017 10.3.2 Third Amendment to Application Service Provider Agreement, dated January 1, 2018, by and between Registrant and DNAnexus, Inc. 10-Q 001-37478 10.1 11/09/2018 10.3.3 Fourth Amendment to Application Service Provider Agreement, dated July 1, 2018, by and between Registrant and DNAnexus, Inc. 10-Q 001-37478 10.2 11/09/2018 10.3.4 Fifth Amendment to Application Service Provider Agreement, dated October 18, 2019, by and between Registrant and DNAnexus, Inc. 10-Q 001-37478 10.2 11/08/2019 10.4.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2017, by and between Registrant and OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II, LP. 10-Q 001-37478 10.1 11/09/2017 10.4.2 Amendment and Waiver to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 28, 2018, by and between Registrant, Natera International, Inc., NSTX, Inc. and OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II, LP. 10-K 001-37478 10.20 03/15/2019 
 130 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 10.4.3 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2019, by and between Registrant, Natera International, Inc., NSTX, Inc. and OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II, LP. 10-Q 001-37478 10.3 05/10/2019 10.4.4 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2019, by and between Registrant, Natera International, Inc., NSTX, Inc. and OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II, LP. 10-Q 001-37478 10.1 11/08/2019 10.5 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2017, by and between Registrant, Natera International, Inc., NSTX, Inc. and OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II, LP. 10-Q 001-37478 10.2 11/09/2017 10.6 Guarantee, dated as of August 8, 2017, by and between Natera International, Inc., NSTX, Inc. and OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II, LP. 10-Q 001-37478 10.3 11/09/2017 10.7 License, Development and Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2018, by and between Registrant and QIAGEN LLC 10-Q/A 001-37478 10.1 02/06/2019 10.8.1 Lease, dated October 26, 2015, by and between Registrant and BMR-201 Industrial Road LP. 10-K 001-37478 10.23 03/23/2016 10.8.2 First Amendment to Lease, dated October 6, 2016, by and between Registrant and BMR-201 Industrial Road LP. 10-Q 001-37478 10.1 11/10/2016 10.9.1 Lease Agreement dated September 24, 2015, by and between NSTX, Inc. and Karlin McCallen Pass, LLC. 10-Q 001-37478 10.1 11/09/2022 10.9.2 First Amendment to Lease Agreement dated January 26, 2016, by and between NSTX, Inc. and Karlin McCallen Pass, LLC. 10-Q 001-37478 10.2 11/09/2022 10.9.3 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement dated March 10, 2021, by and between NSTX, Inc. and KCP Parmer 3.2 Fee Owner, LLC. 10-Q 001-37478 10.3 11/09/2022 10.9.4 Third Amendment to Lease Agreement dated December 29, 2021, by and between NSTX, Inc. and 13011 McCallen Pass, LLC. 10-Q 001-37478 10.4 11/09/2022 . 10.10 2007 Stock Plan and form of agreements thereunder. S-1 333-204622 10.1 06/01/2015 10.11 2015 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreements thereunder. 10-K 001-37478 10.2 03/24/2016 10.12 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. S-1/A 333-204622 10.3 06/25/2015 
 131 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 10.13 Form of Indemnification Agreement, by and between Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. 10-K 001-37478 10.4 03/16/2017 10.14.1 Amended Compensation Program for Non-Employee Directors. 10-Q 001-37478 10.2 05/10/2019 10.14.2 Amended and Restated Compensation Program for Non-Employee Directors. 8-K 001-37478 10.1 03/14/2022 10.15 Natera, Inc. Management Cash Incentive Plan. 10-Q 001-37478 10.3 11/12/2015 10.16.1 Amended Employment Agreement, by and between Registrant and Matthew Rabinowitz, dated June 7, 2007. S-1/A 333-204622 10.15 06/25/2015 10.16.2 Amended Employment Agreement, by and between Registrant and Matthew Rabinowitz, dated May 9, 2021. 8-K 001-37478 10.2 05/10/2021 10.17 Amended Employment Agreement, by and between Registrant and Jonathan Sheena, dated June 7, 2007. S-1/A 333-204622 10.16 06/25/2015 10.18.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, by and between Registrant and Steve Chapman, dated January 2, 2019. 10-Q 001-37478 10.1 05/10/2019 10.18.2 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement 10-Q 001-37478 10.1 05/06/2022 10.19 Amended Employment Agreement, by and between Registrant and Daniel Rabinowitz, dated June 7, 2007. 10-Q 001-37478 10.1 08/05/2022 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 10-K 001-37478 21.1 03/16/2017 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. X 24.1 Power of Attorney (see signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). X 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 
 132 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted pursuant to an order granting confidential treatment. Omitted portions have been submitted separately to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Natera, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, regardless of any general incorporation language contained in any filing. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: (1) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-205441, 333-210374, 333-216747, 333-223751, 333-230324, 333-236873, 333-253785 and 333-263052) pertaining to the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, 2007 Stock Plan and 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Natera, Inc., and (2) Registration Statements (Forms S-3 No. 333-248690, 333-258047, 333-259429, and 333-268391) of Natera, Inc., of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Natera, Inc. and the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting of Natera, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Natera, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Ernst Young LLP San Mateo, California March 1, 2023 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Austin, State of Texas, on this 1st day of March, 2023. 

 /s/ 

 Natera, Inc. / s / Michael Brophy Michael Brophy Chief Financial Officer 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Steve Chapman and Michael Brophy as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date / s / Steve Chapman Steve Chapman Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 1, 2023 / s / Michael Brophy Michael Brophy Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) March 1, 2023 / s / Matthew Rabinowitz Matthew Rabinowitz Executive Chairman March 1, 2023 / s / Jonathan Sheena Jonathan Sheena Founder and Director March 1, 2023 / s / Roy Baynes Roy Baynes Director March 1, 2023 / s / Roelof F. Botha Roelof F. Botha Director March 1, 2023 / s / Rowan Chapman Rowan Chapman Director March 1, 2023 / s / James I. Healy James I. Healy Director March 1, 2023 / s / Gail Marcus Gail Marcus Director March 1, 2023 / s / Herm Rosenman Herm Rosenman Director March 1, 2023 
 136 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ntra-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: (1) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-205441, 333-210374, 333-216747, 333-223751, 333-230324, 333-236873, 333-253785, and 333-263052) pertaining to the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, 2007 Stock Plan and 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Natera, Inc., and (2) Registration Statements (Form S-3 Nos. 333-248690, 333-258047, 333-259429, and 333-268391) of Natera, Inc., of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Natera, Inc. and the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting of Natera, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Natera, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Ernst Young LLP San Mateo, California March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ntra-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Steven Chapman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Natera, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 3 

Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Steven Chapman Name: Steven Chapman Title: Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ntra-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael Brophy, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Natera, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

 D 

 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 3 

Date: March 1, 2023 By: / s / Michael Brophy Name: Michael Brophy Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ntra-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Steven Chapman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Natera, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 3 

Date: March 1, 2023 By: / s / Steven Chapman Name: Steven Chapman Title: Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ntra-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael Brophy, Chief Financial Officer of Natera, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 3 

Date: March 1, 2023 By: / s / Michael Brophy Name: Michael Brophy Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ntra-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ntra-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ntra-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ntra-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

