<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1841258_0001193125-23-051721.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6216517</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>448161</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1095064</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1645560</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1474956</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1406461</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-051721.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227215427
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-051721
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			European Biotech Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001841258
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40211
		FILM NUMBER:		23678117

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		EPFL INNOVATION PARK BUILDING
		CITY:			LAUSANNE
		STATE:			V8
		ZIP:			1015
		BUSINESS PHONE:		41 77 976 21 09

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		EPFL INNOVATION PARK BUILDING
		CITY:			LAUSANNE
		STATE:			V8
		ZIP:			1015

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-051721.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 d425221d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SE CURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM 
 
 TO 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A 

(State or other jurisdiction of

 incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

 Identification Number)

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: + 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
 of the registrant, computed as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was . 
 As of February 24, 2023, the
 Registrant had of its Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, and of its Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

Auditor Firm Id: 

Auditor Name:

Auditor Location: 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

1 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

16 

ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

53 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

53 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

53 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

53 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

54 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

54 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

55 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

61 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

F-1 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

62 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

62 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

63 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

63 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

64 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

72 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

73 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

76 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

78 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

79 

SIGNATURES 

83 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND SUMMARY RISK FACTORS Some of the statements contained in this Annual Report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding us or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future, including, without limitation, those relating to the Business Combination (as defined below). In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would, and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example and without limitation, statements about: (1) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Business Combination Agreement; (2) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against EBAC, Oculis, the combined company or others following the announcement of the Business Combination; (3) the inability to complete the Business Combination due to the failure to obtain approval of the shareholders of EBAC or to satisfy other conditions to closing, including the satisfaction of the minimum trust account amount following any redemptions; (4) changes to the proposed structure of the Business Combination that may be required or appropriate as a result of applicable laws or regulations or as a condition to obtaining regulatory approval of the Business Combination; (5) the ability to meet stock exchange listing standards at or following the consummation of the Business Combination; (6) the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and operations of Oculis as a result of the announcement and consummation of the Business Combination; (7) the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may be affected by, among other things, the ability of the combined company to obtain regulatory approval for their products, generate revenue, maintain relationships with third party contractors and retain its management and key employees; (8) costs related to the Business Combination; (9) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (10) the possibility that Oculis or the combined company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; (11) the limited operating history of Oculis; (12) the Oculis business is subject to significant governmental regulation; (13) the Oculis business may not successfully expand into other markets; and (14) other risks and uncertainties set forth in the sections entitled Risk Factors herein and which is set forth in a Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-268201) filed by EBAC with the SEC in connection with the Business Combination. The Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on February 3, 2023. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the control of the Company), or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described herein under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the Company s assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Some of these risks and uncertainties may in the future be amplified by the COVID-19 outbreak and there may be additional risks that we consider immaterial or which are unknown. It is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

Table of Contents 

PART I References in this report to we, us or the Company refer to European Biotech Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to LSP Sponsor EBAC B.V., a Dutch limited liability company. References to our initial shareholders refer to the holders of Founder Shares. ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Introduction We are a blank check company incorporated on January 8, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination. We will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region in our identification and acquisition of a target company. On March 18, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering (the IPO or Initial Public Offering of 12,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 120.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 7.1 million, of which 4.2 million was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022). We granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,800,000 Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. On April 29, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional 754,784 Over-Allotment Units occurred on May 3, 2021. The issuance by the Company of the Over-Allotment Units at a price of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of approximately 7.5 million. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the Private Placement of 440,000 units, at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 4.4 million (see Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022). Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Option Units, the Company consummated the private placement with the Sponsor of 15,096 Additional Private Placement Units, generating total proceeds of 150,960. Approximately 127.5 million of the net proceeds of the IPO were placed in a Trust Account, located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invests only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that we will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. We must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, we will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we are unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and 
 1 

Table of Contents 

not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period. Proposed Business Combination On October 17, 2022, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement with Oculis SA, a public limited liability company soci t anonyme incorporated and existing under the laws of Switzerland Oculis ). Oculis is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, based in Switzerland, with substantial expertise in therapeutics used to treat ocular diseases, and engaged in the development of innovative drug candidates which have the potential to address many eye-related conditions. Oculis s focus is on advancing therapeutic candidates intended to treat significant and growing ophthalmic diseases which result in vision loss, blindness or reduced quality of life, for which there are currently limited or no treatment options. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement and in accordance with applicable law, as soon as practicable following the date hereof, (i) EBAC will form, or cause to be formed, (a) Oculis Holding AG, a public limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Switzerland and that will be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of EBAC New Parent ), (b) a new Cayman Islands exempted company that will be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of New Parent Merger Sub 1 ), (c) another new Cayman Islands exempted company that will be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of New Parent Merger Sub 2 and (d) a new limited liability company Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung incorporated and existing under the laws of Switzerland that will be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of New Parent Merger Sub 3 and (ii) EBAC will cause New Parent, Merger Sub 1, Merger Sub 2 and Merger Sub 3 to become a party to the Business Combination Agreement. In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, among other things, (i) Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into EBAC, with EBAC surviving such merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of New Parent (the First Merger ), (ii) as a result of the First Merger, (a) each issued and outstanding share of EBAC Common Stock will automatically convert into one class of ordinary shares of the surviving company in the First Merger Surviving EBAC Shares ), (b) each issued and outstanding warrant issued by EBAC to purchase Class A Common Stock of EBAC will be automatically converted into warrants of the surviving company in the First Merger Surviving EBAC Warrants ), and (c) EBAC will deposit or cause to be deposited with the Exchange Agent the Surviving EBAC Shares and Surviving EBAC Warrants, (iii) following the First Merger Effective Time but prior to the Second Merger Effective Time, the Exchange Agent will contribute the Surviving EBAC Shares and Surviving EBAC Warrants to New Parent in exchange for New Parent Class A ordinary shares, nominal value CHF 0.01 per share (the New Parent Shares and a right to acquire New Parent Shares (each, a New Parent Warrant ), with both New Parent Shares and New Parent Warrants to be held by the Exchange Agent solely on behalf of the holders of Surviving EBAC Shares and Surviving EBAC Warrants (the New Parent Interests Consideration, (iv) prior to the Second Merger Effective Time, the Exchange Agent will undertake to (a) distribute the New Parent Shares as part of the New Parent Interests Consideration to the holders of Surviving EBAC Shares and (b) distribute the New Parent Warrants as part of the New Parent Interests Consideration to the holders of Surviving EBAC Warrants, (v) after the First Merger Effective Time and following the completion of the Exchange Agent Contribution Actions, EBAC will merge with and into Merger Sub 2, with Merger Sub 2 as the surviving company and remaining a wholly owned subsidiary of New Parent, (vi) consenting Oculis shareholders executing the Company Shareholders Support Agreements will contribute their shares of Oculis to New Parent in exchange for New Parent Shares and (vii) approximately 30 days after the Acquisition Closing Date, Oculis will merge with and into Merger Sub 3, with Merger Sub 3 as the surviving company. The Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were approved by the boards of directors of each of EBAC and Oculis. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PIPE Subscription Agreements In connection with the foregoing and concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, we entered into subscription agreements with the Initial PIPE Investors (the Initial Subscription Agreements ), pursuant to which the Initial PIPE Investors have agreed to purchase from us, severally and not jointly, and we have agreed to issue from treasury and sell to the Initial PIPE Investors, a number of EBAC Class A Common Stock equal to (i) the total subscription amount from the Initial PIPE Investors divided by (ii) 10.00 (the Initial PIPE Financing ). Subsequent to the Initial PIPE Financing, on January 26, 2023, EBAC entered into subscription agreements (the Subsequent Subscription Agreements , and together with the Initial Subscription Agreements, the Subscription Agreements with certain subscribers (the Subsequent PIPE Investors , and together with the Initial PIPE Investors, the PIPE Investors ), pursuant to which the Subsequent PIPE Investors have agreed to subscribe for, and we have agreed to issue to the Subsequent Subscribers, an aggregate of 788,500 EBAC Class A Common Stock at a price of 10.00 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 7,885,000 (the Subsequent PIPE Financing , and together with the Initial PIPE Financing, the PIPE Financing ). The aggregate amount of EBAC Class A Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the PIPE Financing is 7,118,891 shares for aggregate gross proceeds of 71,188,910. The shares of EBAC Class A Common Stock to be issued from treasury pursuant to the Subscription Agreements have not been registered under the Securities Act, in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below). Upon the Acquisition Closing, New Parent will grant the PIPE Investors certain customary registration rights in connection with the PIPE Financing (as defined below), including demand and piggyback rights, as set forth in the Amended Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement (as defined below). The PIPE Financing is contingent upon, among other things, the Acquisition Closing. Non-Redemption Agreements Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, certain shareholders of EBAC (the EBAC Voting Shareholders entered into non-redemption agreements (the Non-Redemption Agreements with EBAC and Sponsor. Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements, each EBAC Voting Shareholder agreed for the benefit of EBAC to not redeem and to vote all of their EBAC ordinary shares now owned or hereafter acquired (the Subject EBAC Equity Securities ), representing 700,789 EBAC ordinary shares in the aggregate, in favor of the transaction proposals. In connection with these commitments from the EBAC Voting Shareholders, Sponsor has agreed to transfer to each Investor one New Parent Share for every ten EBAC ordinary shares owned by such investor, on or promptly following the Acquisition Closing Date. The EBAC Voting Shareholders also each agreed to a lock-up to not transfer any Subject EBAC Equity Securities for a period of 90 calendar days after the Acquisition Closing Date. Sponsor Letter Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor entered into a letter agreement (the Sponsor Letter Agreement with EBAC and Oculis pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed, among other things, to (i) vote all of the EBAC Common Stock it beneficially owns in favor of the Business Combination and related transactions and to take certain other actions in support of the Business Combination Agreement and related transactions, (ii) not transfer its shares of EBAC Common Stock and EBAC Warrants, in each case until the consummation of the Acquisition Closing (subject to certain customary exceptions), (iii) waive certain anti-dilution adjustments and (iv) waive certain redemption rights. Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement On the Acquisition Closing Date, the Sponsor and certain shareholders of Oculis and New Parent will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement and lock-up agreement (the Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, certain shareholders of New Parent will be granted certain customary demand and piggy-back registration rights with respect to their respective New Parent Shares. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

The Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement will contain certain restrictions on transfer of New Parent Shares and other Registrable Securities (as defined therein) to be held by the Holders immediately following the Acquisition Closing (the Lock-up Securities ). Such restrictions begin on the Acquisition Closing Date and end on the earlier of (x) (i) for the Sponsor the 270 days after the Acquisition Closing Date and (ii) for the rest of the Holders 180 days from the Acquisition Closing Date and (y) the last reported trading price of the New Parent Shares on Nasdaq exceeds 15.00 for 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Acquisition Closing Date. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following the public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. In the event that the proposed business combination is not consummated, we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in the public offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our Trust Account and the proceeds from the PIPE Financing, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this annual report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the Trust Account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our 
 4 

Table of Contents 

existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 20,000 per month for office space, administrative, and support services and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. As of October 17, 2022, such arrangements has been terminated with no further payments or other obligations owed to such affiliate. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, such as the proposed business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. Under the Nasdaq listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (excluding the private placement shares underlying the private placement units and other than in a public offering); 

Any of our directors, officers or substantial security holder (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 1 or more (or 5 or more if the related party involved is classified as such solely because such person is a substantial security holder); or 

The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and other reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; 

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately-negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately-negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination, regardless of whether such shareholder votes on such proposed initial business combination, and if they do vote, regardless of whether they vote for or against such proposed initial business combination, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, such as the proposed business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. Furthermore, to the extent we are considered a Dutch tax resident, any distribution of interest income to our shareholders will be subject to 15 withholding tax under Dutch law. The amount in the Trust Account was anticipated to be 10.00 per public share as of December 31, 2022. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares acquired during or after the public offering by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination). Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceeds the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer if the proposed business combination is not consummated. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval, while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the private placement shares underlying the private placement units) or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq we will be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules. If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial purchaser s founder shares, we would need 4,783,045, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted) of the 12,754,784 public shares sold in the public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination). 
 9 

Table of Contents 

If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the public offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not restrict our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled 
 10 

Table of Contents 

vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 24 months from the closing of the public offering. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have until March 18, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and any withholding taxes) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as 
 11 

Table of Contents 

reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination), unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer or director, or any other person. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 215,570 held outside the Trust Account as of February 24, 2023, plus up to 100,000 of funds from the Trust Account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the funds held in the Trust Account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.00. The proceeds funds held in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business (other than Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm) execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has 
 12 

Table of Contents 

not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Kempen Co U.S.A., Inc. will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business (except for our independent registered public accounting firm) execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to 1,000,000 following the public offering and the sale of the private placement units with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our Trust Account received by any such shareholder. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of 1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the Trust Account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the Trust Account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the public offering expenses are less than our estimate of 1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the Trust Account would increase by a corresponding amount. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the funds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination), or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at EPFL Innovation Park Building, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Employees We currently have two executive officers: Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz and Koen Sintnicolaas. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Available Information We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in corporate control, acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us in writing at EPFL Innovation Park Building, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland or by telephone at +41 77 976 21 09. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. See also the Risk Factors that are set forth in the Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333- 268201) that we filed with the SEC relating to our proposed business combination with Oculis. The Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on February 3, 2023. RISKS RELATED TO THE BUSINESS COMBINATION AGREEMENT We may not be able to effect the Business Combination pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. If we are unable to do so, we will incur substantial costs associated with withdrawing from the transaction, and may not be able to find additional sources of financing to cover those costs. In connection with the Business Combination Agreement, we have incurred substantial costs researching, planning and negotiating the transaction. These costs include, but are not limited to, costs associated with securing sources of equity and debt financing, costs associated with employing and retaining third party advisors who performed the financial, auditing and legal services required to complete the transaction, and the expenses generated by our officers, executives, managers and employees in connection with the transaction. If, for whatever reason, the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement fail to close, we will be responsible for these costs, but will have no source of revenue with which to pay them. We may need to obtain additional sources of financing in order to meet our obligations, which we may not be able to secure on the same terms as our existing financing or at all. If we are unable to secure new sources of financing and do not have sufficient funds to meet our obligations, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. If the proposed business combination with Oculis fails, it may be difficult to research a new prospective target business, negotiate and agree to a new business combination, and/or arrange for new sources of financing by March 18, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. Finding, researching, analyzing and negotiating with Oculis took a substantial amount of time, and if the proposed business combination with Oculis fails, we may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our IPO. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. RISKS RELATING TO OUR SEARCH FOR, AND CONSUMMATION OF OR INABILITY TO CONSUMMATE, A BUSINESS COMBINATION Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 308,000 in cash and working capital deficit of approximately 406,000 (not taking into account approximately 33,000 in tax obligations that may be paid using investment income classified in the Trust Account). Further, we expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need are discussed in the section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Please see Item 1 Business-Effecting Our Initial Business Combination-Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities for additional information. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete an initial business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the initial business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the private placement shares underlying the private placement units) immediately following the completion of the public offering. Our sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. As a result, in addition to our initial purchaser s founder shares, we would need 4,783,045, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted) of the 12,754,784 public shares sold in the public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of the public offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination by March 18, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be, or may already have been, materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID- 19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or limit the ability to conduct due diligence, or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility and decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. We may be adversely affected by economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, including as a result of the military conflict in Ukraine. In late February 2022, Russian military forces invaded Ukraine. Russia s invasion, the responses of countries and political bodies to Russia s actions, and the potential for wider conflict may increase financial market volatility and could have adverse effects on regional and global economic markets, including the markets for certain securities and commodities. Following Russia s actions, various countries, including the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, and France, as well as the European Union, issued broad-ranging economic sanctions against Russia. The sanctions consist of the prohibition of trading in certain Russian securities and engaging in certain private transactions, the prohibition of doing business with certain Russian corporate entities, large financial institutions, officials and persons, and the freezing of Russian assets. The sanctions include a possible commitment by certain countries and the European Union to remove selected Russian banks from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications, commonly called SWIFT, the electronic network that connects banks globally, and imposed restrictive measures to prevent the Russian Central Bank from undermining the impact of the sanctions. A number of large corporations and U.S. states have also announced plans to curtail business dealings with certain Russian businesses. The imposition of the current sanctions (and potential imposition of further sanctions in response to continued Russian military activity) and other actions undertaken by countries and businesses may adversely impact various sectors of the Russian economy, and the military action has severe impacts on the Ukrainian economy, including its exports and food production. The duration of ongoing hostilities and corresponding sanctions and related events cannot be predicted and may result in a negative impact on the markets and thereby may negatively impact our ability to consummate a Business Combination. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of the public offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination, such as the proposed business combination, within 24 months after the closing of the public offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and any withholding tax), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See -If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Any such price per share may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they are under no obligation or duty to do so and they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. In the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately-negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See Item 1 Business-Effecting Our Initial Business Combination-Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for a description of how our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware 
 20 

Table of Contents 

that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See -If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

The securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. The proceeds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. Furthermore, to the extent we are considered a Dutch tax resident, any distribution of interest income to our shareholders will be subject to 15 withholding tax under Dutch law. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 
 22 

Table of Contents 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The public offering was not intended for persons who were seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The Trust Account was intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination); or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. Because we are not limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. However, in connection with the Sponsor Support Agreement entered into with EBAC, the Sponsor and Oculis in connection with the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor has agreed to waive certain of these anti-dilution adjustments, contingent upon and effective as of the Acquisition Closing. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination, such as the proposed business combination, within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be 
 25 

Table of Contents 

recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination, such as the proposed business combination, for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination, such as the proposed business combination, within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third- party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which the IPO prospectus forms a part, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders if the proposed business combination is not consummated. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance-Conflicts of Interest. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. If the proposed business combination is n ot consummated, although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Members of our management team and affiliated companies have been, and may from time to time be, involved in legal proceedings or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. Members of our management team have been involved in a wide variety of businesses. Such involvement has, and may lead to, media coverage and public awareness. As a result of such involvement, members of our management team and affiliated companies have been, and may from time to time be, involved in legal proceedings or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. Any such proceedings or investigations may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after the public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. On January 18, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain expenses of the Company in consideration of 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, (the Founder Shares ). On March 15, 2021, the Company effected a 6-for-5 share split, resulting in an aggregate of 3,450,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. Prior to the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder Shares to two of the Company s independent directors. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to 450,000 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares will represent 20.0 of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the Private Placement Shares and assuming the initial shareholders do not purchase any Units in the Initial Public Offering) after the Initial Public Offering. On May 3, 2021, the Company issued 754,784 Over-Allotment Units resulting in the forfeiture of 261,304 Class B ordinary shares. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. We may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 
 28 

Table of Contents 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We may only be able to complete one business combination, such as the proposed business combination, with the proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from the public offering and the sale of the private placement units provided us with 119,983,669 that we may use to complete our initial business combination. If the proposed business combination is not consummated, we may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If the proposed business combination is not consummated, and we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company, such as Oculis. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately-negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 65 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 65 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination). To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors or to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our Class A ordinary shares upon the closing of the public offering (excluding the private placement shares underlying the private placement units and assuming they do not purchase any units in the public offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination), unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. Although we believe that the net proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the public offering and the sale of the private placement units prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. Our sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Upon closing of the public offering, our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately-negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in the IPO prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to remove directors or to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. RISKS RELATING TO THE POST-BUSINESS COMBINATION COMPANY Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. RISKS RELATING TO OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the Trust Account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. If the proposed business combination is not consummated, we may consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in the this annual report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the directors and officers of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of the public offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full- time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors other business affairs, please see Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance-Conflicts of Interest. Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Following the completion of the public offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we are engaged in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our 
 36 

Table of Contents 

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance-Conflicts of Interest. Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. RISKS RELATING TO OUR SECURITIES If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 24 months before redemption from our Trust Account. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and subject to any withholding tax), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the Trust Account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of the public offering before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles 
 37 

Table of Contents 

of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment or removal of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors or to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you will not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in the public offering. In 
 38 

Table of Contents 

such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination. The grant of registration rights to our sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to an agreement that was entered into concurrently with the consummation of our IPO, our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement units, the private placement shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 186,790,120 and 16,811,304 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As of December 31, 2022, there were no preference shares issued and outstanding. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants as described in Description of Securities-Warrants-Public Shareholders Warrants . However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the public offering; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the IPO prospectus, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely 
 40 

Table of Contents 

with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 65 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement will provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us as (except as set forth under Description of Securities-Warrants-Public Shareholders Warrants-Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 4,403,294 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered in our IPO. Simultaneously with the closing of the public offering, we issued private placement units that will have underlying warrants to purchase an aggregate of 151,699 Class A ordinary shares at 11.50 per share. In addition, if the sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Because each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described below under Description of Securities-Warrants-Public Shareholders Warrants-Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described below under Description of Securities-Warrants-Public Shareholders Warrants- Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Since only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the Nasdaq; 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Item 1 Business-Effecting Our Initial Business Combination-Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including extending the deadline for completing our initial business combination), and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We have been approved to have our units listed on Nasdaq on or promptly after the date of the IPO prospectus and our Class A common stock and warrants on or promptly after their date of separation. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on Nasdaq. Although after giving effect to the public offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, following our public offering, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholder s equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our stockholder s equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

If the Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on the Nasdaq our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the Nasdaq our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

GENERAL RISK FACTORS We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are an incorporated exempted company, incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through the public offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our management has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not equal or exceed 100 
 46 

Table of Contents 

million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. Pending any such reincorporation, there is uncertainty as to whether our company will be considered a Dutch tax resident entity, which may have consequences relating to USD/EUR exchange rates. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. Prior to completion of our initial business combination, there is uncertainty as to whether our company will be considered a Dutch tax resident entity. If our company were considered a Dutch tax resident entity, absent a ruling from the Dutch tax authorities, it would be taxed by reference to euros such that any appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the euro could be considered taxable income. As a result, there is risk that in such circumstances we may be required to withhold on any distributions from the Trust Account or have liability if no withholding is made. Furthermore, to the extent we are considered a Dutch tax resident, any distribution of interest income to our shareholders will be subject to 15 withholding tax under Dutch law. After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Because we are a blank-check company with no current active business, based upon the composition of our income and assets, we believe we would qualify as a PFIC for the taxable year ending December 31, 2022. However, there can be no assurance with respect to our PFIC status for any taxable year. Whether we will be a PFIC for the taxable year ending December 31, 2023 will depend on the timing of the Business Combination, the fair market value of our assets from time to time and the amount and nature of our income post-Business Combination, none of which can be determined with certainty at this time. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Additionally, although a foreign corporation s PFIC status is determined annually, a determination that we are a PFIC for a taxable year in which a U.S. Holder holds shares in such entity will generally continue to apply to such U.S. Holder for subsequent taxable years in which the holder continues to hold shares in such entity (including a successor entity), whether or not such entity continues to be a PFIC. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election. However, there can be no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of our status as a PFIC in the future or that we will make available such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. Holders to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results and thus may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. On April 12, 2021, the staff of the SEC (the SEC Staff issued a public statement entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the SEC Staff Statement ). In the SEC Staff Statement, the SEC Staff expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities on the SPAC s balance sheet as opposed to equity. As a result of the SEC Staff Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, and determined to classify the warrants as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings. The Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors, which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on its warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may result in a material adverse effect on our ability to consummate an initial business combination. Following the issuance of the SEC Staff Statement, management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for the warrants and the accounting for redeemable shares issued in connection with our Initial Public Offering. Our internal control over financial reporting did not result in the proper accounting classification of the warrants, which, due to its impact on our financial statements, we determined to be a material weakness. We remediated the material weakness in the second quarter of 2022. In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the reporting of the accounts payable, accrued expenses, capital taxes, and deferred legal fees. As a result of this material weakness, our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded that our controls to ensure all information entered is complete and accurate were not effectively designed or maintained, particularly around the treatment of leases, accounts payable, administrative support agreement, and taxes. This material weakness resulted in the adjustment of the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. The existence of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of us, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our shares. We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. Even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result of the material weakness, the change in accounting for the warrants, and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete a Business Combination. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ACQUIRING AND OPERATING A BUSINESS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If the proposed business combination is not consummated, and we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 
 50 

Table of Contents 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, such as the proposed business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event the proposed business combination is not consummated and we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If the proposed business combination is not consummated and we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. We currently lease executive offices at EPFL Innovation Park Building, 1015 Lausanne, Switzerland from Oculis. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. As of December 31, 2022, to the knowledge of our management, there was no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Market Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq under the symbols EBACU, EBAC and EBACW , respectively. Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were two holders of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, three holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares and one holder of record of our warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders whose units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Unregistered Sales The sales of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Units to our Sponsor and our initial shareholders during 2021 were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. Use of Proceeds On March 18, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 12,000,000 units. On May 3, 2021, we issued an additional 754,784 units in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class ordinary share for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 127,547,840. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Kempen Co U.S.A., Inc. served as the underwriters of the IPO. The securities sold in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253220). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on March 15, 2021. Of the 132,098,800 in proceeds we received from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, a total of 127,547,840, including 4,464,174 payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions, was placed in the Trust Account. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the IPO as described in the IPO prospectus dated March 15, 2021 which was filed with the SEC. ITEM 6. RESERVED. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations, estimates and assumptions concerning events and financial trends that may affect our future operating results or financial position. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Summary Risk Factors and Summary Risk Factors appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We European Biotech Acquisition Corp. Company or we are a blank check company incorporated on January 8, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination. We will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region in our identification and acquisition of a target company. On March 18, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 12,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 120.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 7.1 million, of which 4.2 million was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022). We granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,800,000 Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. On April 29, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional 754,784 Over-Allotment Units occurred on May 3, 2021. The issuance by the Company of the Over-Allotment Units at a price of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of approximately 7.5 million. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the Private Placement of 440,000 units, at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 4.4 million (see Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022). Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Option Units, the Company consummated the private placement with the Sponsor of 15,096 Additional Private Placement Units, generating total proceeds of 150,960. Approximately 127.5 million of the net proceeds of the IPO were placed in a Trust Account, located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invests only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that we will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. We must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, we will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we are unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate 
 55 

Table of Contents 

amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period. Proposed Business Combination On October 17, 2022, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement with Oculis SA, a public limited liability company soci t anonyme incorporated and existing under the laws of Switzerland Oculis ). Oculis is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, based in Switzerland, with substantial expertise in therapeutics used to treat ocular diseases, and engaged in the development of innovative drug candidates which have the potential to address many eye-related conditions. Oculis s focus is on advancing therapeutic candidates intended to treat significant and growing ophthalmic diseases which result in vision loss, blindness or reduced quality of life, for which there are currently limited or no treatment options. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement and in accordance with applicable law, as soon as practicable following the date hereof, (i) EBAC will form, or cause to be formed, (a) Oculis Holding AG, a public limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Switzerland and that will be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of EBAC New Parent ), (b) a new Cayman Islands exempted company that will be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of New Parent Merger Sub 1 ), (c) another new Cayman Islands exempted company that will be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of New Parent Merger Sub 2 and (d) a new limited liability company Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung incorporated and existing under the laws of Switzerland that will be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of New Parent Merger Sub 3 and (ii) EBAC will cause New Parent, Merger Sub 1, Merger Sub 2 and Merger Sub 3 to become a party to the Business Combination Agreement. In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, among other things, (i) Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into EBAC, with EBAC surviving such merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of New Parent (the First Merger ), (ii) as a result of the First Merger, (a) each issued and outstanding share of EBAC Common Stock will automatically convert into one class of ordinary shares of the surviving company in the First Merger Surviving EBAC Shares ), (b) each issued and outstanding warrant issued by EBAC to purchase Class A Common Stock of EBAC will be automatically converted into warrants of the surviving company in the First Merger Surviving EBAC Warrants ), and (c) EBAC will deposit or cause to be deposited with the Exchange Agent the Surviving EBAC Shares and Surviving EBAC Warrants, (iii) following the First Merger Effective Time but prior to the Second Merger Effective Time, the Exchange Agent will contribute the Surviving EBAC Shares and Surviving EBAC Warrants to New Parent in exchange for New Parent Class A ordinary shares, nominal value CHF 0.01 per share (the New Parent Shares and a right to acquire New Parent Shares (each, a New Parent Warrant ), with both New Parent Shares and New Parent Warrants to be held by the Exchange Agent solely on behalf of the holders of Surviving EBAC Shares and Surviving EBAC Warrants (the New Parent Interests Consideration, (iv) prior to the Second Merger Effective Time, the Exchange Agent will undertake to (a) distribute the New Parent Shares as part of the New Parent Interests Consideration to the holders of Surviving EBAC Shares and (b) distribute the New Parent Warrants as part of the New Parent Interests Consideration to the holders of Surviving EBAC Warrants, (v) after the First Merger Effective Time and following the completion of the Exchange Agent Contribution Actions, EBAC will merge with and into Merger Sub 2, with Merger Sub 2 as the surviving company and remaining a wholly owned subsidiary of New Parent, (vi) consenting Oculis shareholders executing the Company Shareholders Support Agreements will contribute their shares of Oculis to New Parent in exchange for New Parent Shares and (vii) approximately 30 days after the Acquisition Closing Date, Oculis will merge with and into Merger Sub 3, with Merger Sub 3 as the surviving company. The Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were approved by the boards of directors of each of EBAC and Oculis. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

PIPE Subscription Agreements In connection with the foregoing and concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, we entered into subscription agreements with the Initial PIPE Investors (the Initial Subscription Agreements ), pursuant to which the Initial PIPE Investors have agreed to purchase from us, severally and not jointly, and we have agreed to issue from treasury and sell to the Initial PIPE Investors, a number of EBAC Class A Common Stock equal to (i) the total subscription amount from the Initial PIPE Investors divided by (ii) 10.00 (the Initial PIPE Financing ). Subsequent to the Initial PIPE Financing, on January 26, 2023, EBAC entered into subscription agreements (the Subsequent Subscription Agreements , and together with the Initial Subscription Agreements, the Subscription Agreements with certain subscribers (the Subsequent PIPE Investors , and together with the Initial PIPE Investors, the PIPE Investors ), pursuant to which the Subsequent PIPE Investors have agreed to subscribe for, and we have agreed to issue to the Subsequent Subscribers, an aggregate of 788,500 EBAC Class A Common Stock at a price of 10.00 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 7,885,000 (the Subsequent PIPE Financing , and together with the Initial PIPE Financing, the PIPE Financing ). The aggregate amount of EBAC Class A Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the PIPE Financing is 7,118,891 shares for aggregate gross proceeds of 71,188,910. The shares of EBAC Class A Common Stock to be issued from treasury pursuant to the Subscription Agreements have not been registered under the Securities Act, in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below). Upon the Acquisition Closing, New Parent will grant the PIPE Investors certain customary registration rights in connection with the PIPE Financing (as defined below), including demand and piggyback rights, as set forth in the Amended Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement (as defined below). The PIPE Financing is contingent upon, among other things, the Acquisition Closing. Non-Redemption Agreements Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, certain shareholders of EBAC (the EBAC Voting Shareholders entered into non-redemption agreements (the Non-Redemption Agreements with EBAC and Sponsor. Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements, each EBAC Voting Shareholder agreed for the benefit of EBAC to not redeem and to vote all of their EBAC ordinary shares now owned or hereafter acquired (the Subject EBAC Equity Securities ), representing 700,789 EBAC ordinary shares in the aggregate, in favor of the transaction proposals. In connection with these commitments from the EBAC Voting Shareholders, Sponsor has agreed to transfer to each Investor one New Parent Share for every ten EBAC ordinary shares owned by such investor (for a total of 70,079 New Parent Shares), on or promptly following the Acquisition Closing Date. The EBAC Voting Shareholders also each agreed to a lock-up to not transfer any Subject EBAC Equity Securities for a period of 90 calendar days after the Acquisition Closing Date. The foregoing description of the Non-Redemption Agreement is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Shareholder Non-Redemption Agreement, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.10 hereto, and the terms of which are incorporated by reference. Sponsor Letter Agreement Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor entered into a letter agreement (the Sponsor Letter Agreement with EBAC and Oculis pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed, among other things, to (i) vote all of the EBAC Common Stock it beneficially owns in favor of the Business Combination and related transactions and to take certain other actions in support of the Business Combination Agreement and related transactions, (ii) not transfer its shares of EBAC Common Stock and EBAC Warrants, in each case until the consummation of the Acquisition Closing (subject to certain customary exceptions), (iii) waive certain anti-dilution adjustments and (iv) waive certain redemption rights. Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement On the Acquisition Closing Date, the Sponsor and certain shareholders of Oculis and New Parent will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement and lock-up agreement (the Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, certain shareholders of New Parent will be granted certain customary demand and piggy-back registration rights with respect to their respective New Parent Shares. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

The Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement will contain certain restrictions on transfer of New Parent Shares and other Registrable Securities (as defined therein) to be held by the Holders immediately following the Acquisition Closing (the Lock-up Securities ). Such restrictions begin on the Acquisition Closing Date and end on the earlier of (x) (i) for the Sponsor the 270 days after the Acquisition Closing Date and (ii) for the rest of the Holders 180 days from the Acquisition Closing Date and (y) the last reported trading price of the New Parent Shares on Nasdaq exceeds 15.00 for 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Acquisition Closing Date. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS We have neither engaged in any operations (other than searching for a Business Combination after our Initial Public Offering) nor generated any revenues to date. Our entire activity since inception up to December 31, 2022 related to our formation, the preparation for the Initial Public Offering, and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination (see recent developments above). We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of income from investments held in the Trust Account and change in fair value of warrant liability. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in our search for and completion of a Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 343,000, which consisted of approximately 1.3 million of non-operating gain from changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities and approximately 1.8 million in income from investments held in the Trust Account, partially offset by approximately 2.8 million of general and administrative expenses and approximately 33,000 of capital tax expense. For the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of approximately 1.5 million, which consisted of approximately 2.9 million of non-operating gain from changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities and approximately 8,000 in income from investments held in the Trust Account, partially offset by approximately 1.1 million of general and administrative expenses, and a non-operating expense of approximately 315,000 related to offering costs allocated to the derivative warrant liabilities. Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 308,000 in our operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately 406,000 (not taking into account approximately 33,000 in tax obligations that may be paid using investment income classified in the Trust Account). Our liquidity needs through the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through a payment of 25,000 from the Sponsor to purchase Founders Shares, and the loan proceeds from the Sponsor of 300,000 under the Note (see Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements). We repaid the Note in full on March 22, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity needs have been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under Working Capital Loans. Management does not believe the current cash on hand will be sufficient to cover obligations that come due within one year of release. Management has determined that the liquidity, the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution that will be required if the Company does not complete a business combination before March 18, 2023 raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Although Management expects that it will be able to raise additional capital to support its planned activities and complete the proposed business combination on or prior to March 18, 2023, it is uncertain whether it will be able to do so. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after March 18, 2023. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

We continue to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia/Ukraine military conflict and have concluded that the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the balance sheets. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Contractual Obligations Administrative Services Agreement Commencing on the date that the Company s securities were first listed on the Nasdaq, the Company agreed to pay affiliates of the Sponsor a total of 20,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Such agreement terminated as of October 17, 2022. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 2.4 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, 0.35 per unit, or 4.2 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. On May 3, 2021 the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option. As a result, the underwriters were entitled to an additional underwriting discount of approximately 151,000, which was paid upon closing of the over-allotment. In addition, 264,000 will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Policies This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The Company has identified the following as its critical accounting policies: Derivative Warrant Liabilities We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and FASB ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Stock ASC 815-40 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. The 4,251,595 warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (the Public Warrants and the 151,699 Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the statement of operations. The fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering and Private Placement Warrants were initially measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, on May 13, 2021, the fair value of the Public Warrants is based on the observable listed price for such warrants. Since the Private Placement Warrants have substantially the same terms as the Public Warrants, the Company determined that the fair value of each Private Placement Warrant is equivalent to that of each Public Warrant. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liability may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and, accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, 12,754,784 shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of our consolidated balance sheet. We have elected to recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and subsequently adjust (for interest income and dissolution expenses) the carrying value of the redeemable Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital (if available) and accumulated deficit. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares of Class A ordinary shares resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Net Income Per Ordinary Share We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income (loss) per common share is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average shares of ordinary shares outstanding for the respective period. The calculation of diluted net income (loss) does not consider the effect of the warrants underlying the Units sold in the IPO (including the consummation of the Over-allotment) and the private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4,403,294 Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022. Remeasurement associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. We have considered the effect of Class B ordinary shares that were excluded from the weighted average number of shares outstanding for the basic calculation as they were contingent on the exercise of over-allotment option by the underwriters. Since the contingency was satisfied, we have included these shares in the weighted average number as of the beginning of the period to determine the dilutive impact of these shares, resulting in a greater number of Class B ordinary shares being included in weighted average shares for the diluted calculation for the applicable periods. Recent Accounting Standards In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, ASC Subtopic 820, Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions . The ASU amends ASC 820 to clarify that a contractual sales restriction is not considered in measuring an equity security at fair value and to introduce new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value. The ASU applies to both holders and issuers of equity and equity-linked securities measured at fair value. The amendments in this ASU are effective for the Company in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. We are still evaluating the impact of this pronouncement on the consolidated financial statements. Our management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. JOBS Act The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Additionally, we have evaluated the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 688) 

F-2

Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-5

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-6

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-7

F - 1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 European Biotech Acquisition Corp. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of European Biotech Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations ,

 changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes 

(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 E

 xplanatory Paragraph

 Going Concern

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company currently has a mandatory liquidation date of March 18, 2023. The Company has also determined that it will not have sufficient cash to cover obligations that come due within one year after issuance. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

 Marcum LLP 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

New York, NY 

 February 27, 2023 

F - 2 

Table of Contents 

EUROPEAN BIOTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31,

2022

2021

Assets

Current assets:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Investments held in Trust Account

Total Assets

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit:

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Capital tax payable 

Total current liabilities

Derivative warrant liabilities

Deferred legal fees

Deferred underwriting commissions

Total liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value; shares at redemption value of 
 and 
per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Shareholders Deficit:

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; ne issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total shareholders deficit

() 

() 

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F - 3 

Table of Contents 

EUROPEAN BIOTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

For The Period From January 8, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021

General and administrative expenses

General and administrative expenses related party

Capital tax expense

Loss from operations

() 

() 
 
 Other income (expenses):

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

Income from investments held in Trust Account

Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities

() 

Net income

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, basic

Basic net income per share, non-redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, diluted

Diluted net income per share, non-redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F - 4

Table of Contents 

EUROPEAN BIOTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 8, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021

Ordinary Shares

Additional

Total

Class A

Class B

Paid-in

Accumulated

Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Deficit

Balance January 8, 2021 (inception)

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor

Sale of units in private placement, less allocation to derivative warrant liabilities

Sale of units in private placement, less allocation to derivative warrant liabilities, gross (over-allotment)

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares

() 

() 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject
 to possible redemption amount

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance December 31, 2021

Subsequent remeasurement of Class A ordinary 
shares subject to possible redemption amount

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance December 31, 2022

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F - 5

Table of Contents 

EUROPEAN BIOTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December

 31, 2022

For The Period From January

 8, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

() 

() 
 
 Income from investments held in the Trust Account

() 

() 
 
 General and administrative expenses paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

() 
 
 Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Deferred legal fees

Capital tax payable

Net cash used in operating activities

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Cash deposited in Trust Account

() 

Net cash used in investing activities

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross

Proceeds received from private placement, gross

Repayment of note payable to related parties

() 
 
 Offering costs paid

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

() 

Net change in cash

() 

Cash beginning of the period

Cash end of the period

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities:

Offering costs included in accrued expenses

Offering costs paid by Sponsor under promissory note

Deferred underwriting commissions

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F - 6

Table of Contents 

EUROPEAN BIOTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, which generated gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which million was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 3). The Company granted the underwriter a -day
 option to purchase up to an additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, if any (the Over-Allotment Units ). On May 3, 2021, the Company issued Over-Allotment Units resulting in total gross proceeds of approximately million, and the allotment option for the remaining Over-Allotment Units expired. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of units (each, a Private Placement Unit and collectively, the Private Placement Units ), at a price of per Private Placement Unit with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of million (see Note 4). If the over-allotment option would have been exercised in full, the Sponsor would have purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants. On May 3, 2021, simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the private placement with the Sponsor of units (the Additional Private Placement Units ), generating total proceeds of . 
 Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, approximately million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and is being
 invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. In addition, the Sponsor and certain investors have advanced an aggregate amount of approximately into the Trust Account to cover for the over-allotment option, if exercised. The over-allotment option was not exercised, so the excess funds were returned to such related parties. Upon partial exercise of the over-allotment, on May 4, 2021, the Company returned excess cash of to the related parties and placed the net proceeds of million in the Trust Account. 
 The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the 

or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.
 The Company will provide the holders (the Public Shareholders of its Public Shares with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay income taxes). The per-share
 amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). 
 These Public Shares were classified as temporary equity in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which the Company will adopt upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company adopted an insider trading policy which will require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public
 information and (ii) to clear all trades with the Company s legal counsel prior to execution. In addition, the initial shareholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, private placement shares (the Private Placement Shares underlying the Private Placement Units and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of its Business Combination and does not conduct redemptions in connection with its Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association will provide that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate 
 of of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. 
 The Company s Sponsor, officers and directors (the initial shareholders agreed not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (a) that would modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of its Public Shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s Public Shares if the Company does not complete its Business Combination within months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or (the Combination Period or with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of Public Shareholders (including extending the deadline for completing the initial Business Combination), unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 
 The initial shareholders agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial shareholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only per share initially held in the Trust Account. 
 In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (excluding the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 
 Proposed Business Combination 

On October 17, 2022, the Company EBAC ), entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement with Oculis SA, a public limited liability company soci t anonyme incorporated and existing under the laws of Switzerland Oculis ). Capitalized terms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Business Combination Agreement. 

 Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement and in accordance with applicable law, as soon as practicable following the date of the Business Combination Agreement, EBAC will form, or cause to be formed, (a) Oculis Holding AG, a public limited liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Switzerland and that will be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of EBAC New Parent ), (b) a new Cayman Islands exempted company that will be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of New Parent Merger Sub 1 ), (c) another new Cayman Islands exempted company that will be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of New Parent Merger Sub 2 and (d) a new limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung) incorporated and existing under the laws of Switzerland that will be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of New Parent Merger Sub 3 ). 

per share (the New Parent Shares and a right to acquire New Parent Shares (each, a New Parent Warrant ), with both New Parent Shares and New Parent Warrants to be held by the Exchange Agent solely on behalf of the holders of Surviving EBAC Shares and Surviving EBAC Warrants (the New Parent Interests Consideration ), (iv) prior to the Second Merger Effective Time, the Exchange Agent will undertake to (a) distribute the New Parent Shares as part of the New Parent Interests Consideration to the holders of Surviving EBAC Shares and (b) distribute the New Parent Warrants as part of the New Parent Interests Consideration to the holders of Surviving EBAC Warrants, (v) after the First Merger Effective Time and following the completion of the Exchange Agent Contribution Actions, EBAC will merge with and into Merger Sub 2, with Merger Sub 2 as the surviving company and remaining a wholly owned subsidiary of New Parent, (vi) consenting Oculis shareholders executing the Company Shareholders Support Agreements will contribute their shares of Oculis to New Parent in exchange for New Parent Shares and (vii) approximately days after the Acquisition Closing Date, Oculis will merge with and into Merger Sub 3, with Merger Sub 3 as the surviving company. 
 PIPE Subscription Agreements 

In connection with the foregoing and concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, we entered into subscription agreements with the Initial PIPE Investors (the Initial Subscription Agreements ), pursuant to which the Initial PIPE Investors have agreed to purchase from us, severally and not jointly, and we have agreed to issue from treasury and sell to the Initial PIPE Investors, a number of shares of 
EBAC Class A Common Stock equal to (i) the total subscription amount from the Initial PIPE Investors divided by (ii) (the Initial PIPE Financing ). Subsequent to the Initial PIPE Financing, on January 26, 2023, EBAC entered into subscription agreements (the Subsequent Subscription Agreements , and together with the Initial Subscription Agreements, the Subscription Agreements with certain subscribers (the Subsequent PIPE Investors , and together with the Initial PIPE Investors, the PIPE Investors ), pursuant to which the Subsequent PIPE Investors have agreed to subscribe for, and we have agreed to issue to the Subsequent Subscribers, an aggregate of EBAC Class A Common Stock at a price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of (the Subsequent PIPE Financing , and together with the Initial PIPE Financing, the PIPE Financing ). The aggregate amount of EBAC shares of 
Class A Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the PIPE Financing is shares for aggregate gross proceeds of . The shares of EBAC Class A Common Stock to be issued from treasury pursuant to the Subscription Agreements have not been registered under the Securities Act, in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below). Upon the Acquisition Closing, New Parent will grant the PIPE Investors certain customary registration rights in connection with the PIPE Financing, including demand and piggyback rights, as set forth in the Non-Redemption Agreements (as defined below). The PIPE Financing is contingent upon, among other things, the Acquisition Closing. 

Convertible Loan Agreement 

In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, Oculis entered into a convertible loan agreement (the 
Convertible Loan Agreement with certain of its existing equity holders (the 
Lenders). Pursuant to the Convertible Loan Agreement, the Lenders grant Oculis a right to receive a convertible loan with certain conversion rights, in an aggregate amount of . Following the Second Merger Effective Time, it is the intent of the parties thereto that New Parent shall assume the Convertible Loan Agreement, and that immediately after such assumption but before the Company Share Contribution, the Lenders will exercise their conversion rights in exchange for New Parent Shares at 
 per share. 

Non-Redemption Agreements 

Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, certain shareholders of EBAC (the EBAC Voting Shareholders) entered into non-redemption agreements (the Non-Redemption Agreements) with EBAC and Sponsor. 

Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements, each EBAC Voting Shareholder agreed for the benefit of EBAC to not redeem and to vote all of their EBAC ordinary shares now owned or hereafter acquired (the Subject EBAC Equity Securities), 
 representing EBAC ordinary shares in the aggregate, in favor of the transaction proposals. In connection with these commitments from the EBAC Voting Shareholders, Sponsor has agreed to transfer to each Investor one New Parent Share for every ten EBAC ordinary shares owned by such investor (for a total of New Parent Shares), on or promptly following the Acquisition Closing Date. The EBAC Voting Shareholders also each agreed to a lock-up to not transfer any Subject EBAC Equity Securities for a period 
of calendar days after the Acquisition Closing Date. 

Oculis Shareholder Support Agreements 

Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, certain equityholders of Oculis (the Oculis Supporting Members) entered into a support agreement (the Oculis Shareholder Support Agreement) in favor of EBAC and Oculis and their respective successors. 

 In the Oculis Shareholder Support Agreement, the Oculis Supporting Members agreed to, among other things (i) vote to adopt the Business Combination Agreement and approve and consent to the consummation of the Transactions, (ii) waive any rights of appraisal or dissenter s rights and (iii) provide a release of claims against Oculis and its Subsidiaries. 

Sponsor Letter Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor entered into a letter agreement (the Sponsor Letter Agreement) with EBAC and Oculis pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed, among other things, to (i) vote all of the EBAC Common Stock it beneficially owns in favor of the Business Combination and related transactions and to take certain other actions in support of the Business Combination Agreement and related transactions, (ii) not transfer its shares of EBAC Common Stock and EBAC Warrants, in each case until the consummation of the Acquisition Closing (subject to certain customary exceptions), (iii) waive certain anti-dilution adjustments and (iv) waive certain redemption rights. 

 Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement 

On the Acquisition Closing Date, the Sponsor and certain shareholders of Oculis (the Holders) and New Parent will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (see Note 5) and lock-up agreement (the Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement) pursuant to which, among other things, certain shareholders of New Parent will be granted certain customary demand and piggy-back registration rights with respect to their respective New Parent Shares. 

The Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement will contain certain restrictions on transfer of New Parent Shares and other Registrable Securities (as defined therein) to be held by the Holders immediately following the Acquisition Closing (the Lock-up Securities). Such restrictions begin on the Acquisition Closing Date and end on the earlier of (x) (i) for the Sponsor the days after the Acquisition Closing Date and (ii) for the rest of the Holders days from the Acquisition Closing Date and (y) the last reported trading price of the New Parent Shares on Nasdaq exceeds for trading days within any trading day period commencing at least days after the Acquisition Closing Date. 

 Registration Statements on Form F-4

New Parent initially filed a Registration Statement on Form F-4
 with the SEC on November 7, 2022, in connection with the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of the New Parent s ordinary shares and warrants to be issued in connection with the transactions contemplated in the Business Combination Agreement. The Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on February 3, 2023. 

 Liquidity and Going Concern 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately in their operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately 

(not taking into account approximately in tax obligations that may be paid using investment income classified in the Trust Account). 

The Company s liquidity needs through the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through a payment of from the Sponsor to purchase Founders Shares, and the loan proceeds from the Sponsor of under the Note (see Note 4). We repaid the Note in full on March 22, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity needs have been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there 

were amounts outstanding under Working Capital Loans.

On February 13, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note) in the amount of up to to MRMJ Holding B.V., an affiliate of the Sponsor. The proceeds of the Note, which may be drawn down from time to time until the Company consummates its initial business combination, will be used for general working capital purposes. The Note bears no interest and is payable in full in cash upon the No portion of the Note is convertible into any securities, including warrants, of the Company or any affiliate thereof. The issuance of the Note was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On February 14, 2023, the Company drew on the Note. 

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company does not believe the current cash on hand will be sufficient to cover obligations that come due within one year of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution that will be required if the Company does not complete a business combination before March 18, 2023, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Although Management expects that it will be able to raise additional capital to support its planned

t have any cash equivalents. 

, and cash held in Trust Account. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. 
 amounts have been withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay taxes. 

warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40.
 
 Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement
 at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering and Private Placement Warrants were initially measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model (see Note 9). For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, on May 13, 2021, the fair value of the Public Warrants is based on the observable listed price for such warrants. Since the Private Placement Warrants have substantially the same terms as the Public Warrants, the Company determined that the fair value of each Private Placement Warrant is equivalent to that of each Public Warrant. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liability may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and, accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current
 liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity (deficit) section of the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

The Company has elected to initially recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and subsequently adjusts (for interest income, net of dissolution expenses) the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid-in
 capital (if available) and accumulated deficit. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares of Class A ordinary shares resulted in charges against additional paid-in
 capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

 unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 
 There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 
 
Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share, related to the public warrants and private placement warrants, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Remeasurement associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Allocation of net income, diluted

Denominator:

Basic weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Basic net income per ordinary share

Diluted net income per ordinary share

Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which million was for deferred underwriting commissions. The Company granted the underwriter a -day option
 to purchase up to an additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments. On May 3, 2021, the Company issued Over-Allotment Units resulting in total gross proceeds of approximately million, and the allotment option for the remaining Over-Allotment units expired.

F - 15

Table of Contents 
 
 Class A ordinary share, and 
 redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share , subject 
 to adjustment (see Note 8). On April 29, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the Over-allotment Option to purchase an additional 
 units (the Option Units ). 
 . On May 3, 2021, the Company completed the sale of the Option Units to Underwriters for net proceeds of 
 in the aggregate after deducting the underwriter discount (the Option Unit Proceeds ).

to cover certain expenses of the Company in consideration of Class B ordinary shares, par value , (the Founder Shares ). On March 15, 2021, the Company effected a 

 share split, resulting in an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares outstanding. Prior to the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to of the Company s independent directors. These shares are not subject to forfeiture in the event the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares will represent of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the Private Placement Shares and assuming the initial shareholders do not purchase any Units in the Initial Public Offering) after the Initial Public Offering. On May 3, 2021, the Company issued Over-Allotment Units resulting in the forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares. 
 The sale or transfers of the Founder Shares to members of the Company s board of directors, as described above, is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Founder Shares were effectively sold or transferred subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable until the business combination is completed, and therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. 

The initial shareholders agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
 day period commencing at least days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 
 Private Placement Units 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of Private Placement Units, at a price of per Private Placement Unit with the Sponsor, which generated gross proceeds of million. If the over-allotment option is exercised in full, the Sponsor will purchase an additional Private Placement Warrants. Simultaneously with the closing of the Over-Allotment on May 3, 2021, the Company consummated the second closing of the Private Placement, resulting in the purchase of an aggregate of an additional Private Placement Units at per additional Private Placement Unit (the Additional Private Placement Units ), generating additional gross proceeds of approximately . The Private Placement Units (including the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants (as defined below) and Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable or salable until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Units and the underlying securities will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable
 (except as described in Note 6 below under Redemption of warrants for Class A ordinary shares when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 
 The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Units until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 
 Due to Related Parties 

On January 18, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover for expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest
 bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed approximately under the Note. The Company repaid the Note in full on March 22, 2021. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility was no longer available to the Company. 
 In addition, the Sponsor and certain investors have advanced an aggregate amount of approximately into the Trust Account to cover for the over-allotment option, if exercised. If the over-allotment option was not exercised, the excess funds would have been returned to such related parties. Upon partial exercise of the over-allotment, on May 4, 2021, the Company returned excess cash of to the related parties. 
 In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 
 Administrative Support Agreement 

Commencing on the date that the securities were first listed on the Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company agreed to reimburse the Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services provided to the Company in the amount of per month. Such agreement was terminated as of October 17, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred approximately and of such fees, which are recognized in general and administrative expenses-related party, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and of such fees in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 
 In addition, the Sponsor, officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket

 expenses incurred in connection with activities on the Company s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. The Company s audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by the Company to the Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Business Combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. 

F - 17

Table of Contents 
 days after the Acquisition Closing Date and (ii) for the rest of the Holders days from the Acquisition Closing Date and (y) the last reported trading price of the New Parent Shares on Nasdaq exceeds for trading days within any trading day period commencing at least days after the Acquisition Closing Date. 

Underwriting Agreement

The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of per Unit, or million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, per unit, or million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. On May 3, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option. As a result, the underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of approximately , which was paid upon closing of the over-allotment. In addition, will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the 

 underwriting agreement. 

The Company has determined that the accounting for this arrangement is outside the scope of ASC 842, Leases, due to its short-term nature. 

Lease Agreement 

On October 14, 2022, the Company executed a lease agreement with Oculis SA, subleasing office space of approximately The lease calls for monthly minimum lease payments and other charges of approximately CHF during the term of the sublease, which ends on June 30, 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred approximately and 

 , respectively, in rental lease expenses. The Company has determined that the accounting for this arrangement is outside the scope of ASC 842. Leases , due to its short term nature. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holder of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares were subject to possible redemption. 

Less:

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance

() 
 
 Offering costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

() 
 
 Plus:

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021

Subsequent remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022

F - 18

Table of Contents 

preference shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 
 Class A Ordinary Shares 

The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, of which shares were subject to possible redemption and are classified as temporary equity (see Note 6). 
 Class B Ordinary Shares- 

The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding (See Note 4). Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders except as required by law. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as converted basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding (excluding the Private Placement Shares underlying the Private Placement Units) upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Company s Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. 

However, in connection with the Sponsor Support Agreement entered into with EBAC, the Sponsor and Oculis in connection with the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor has agreed to waive certain of these anti-dilution adjustments, contingent upon and effective as of the Acquisition Closing. 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect s
, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th
 day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

, subject to adjustments as described herein, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price described under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 
 The Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants, except as described below. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions to the officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants) and they will not be redeemable by the Company (except as described under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees (except as otherwise set forth herein). The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. If the private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant;

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sales price (the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading
 day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 The Company will not redeem the warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day
 redemption period. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided

 that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the fair market value of Class A ordinary shares; 

if, and only if, the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per Public Share (as adjusted) for any trading days within the -trading
 day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any trading days within a -trading
 day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 
 The fair market value of Class A ordinary shares for the above purpose shall mean the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 
 If the Company has not completed the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

Liabilities:

Derivative warrant liabilities Public warrants

Derivative warrant liabilities Private placement warrants

December 31, 2021 

Description

Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1)

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2)

Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)

Assets:

Investments held in Trust Account Money Market Funds

Liabilities:

Derivative warrant liabilities Public warrants

Derivative warrant liabilities Private placement warrants

Stock price

Volatility

Term

Risk-free rate

The Company utilized a Monte-Carlo simulation to estimate the fair value of the Public and Private Placement Warrants at the issuance dates, and as of March 31, 2021, when the Public and Private Placement Warrants were held at Level 3. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a gain/(loss) resulting from changes in the fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of approximately million and million, respectively, which is presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Issuance of Public and Private Placement Warrants

Issuance of Public Warrants over-allotment 

Issuance of Private Placement Warrants over-allotment 

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1

() 
 
 Transfer of Private Placement Warrants to Level 2

() 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

() 

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2021

and non-redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares in the weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption for the periods discussed below. This error impacted the weighted average shares outstanding presented in the statements of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2021, the nine months ended September 30, 2022 and for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2021, and the net income (loss) per ordinary share disclosure in Note 2 of the Form 10-Q
 for these periods. The error also impacted the income (loss) allocable to each class of equity presented in the disclosure for these periods, but it did not impact the reported income (loss) per share amounts for any of the periods presented. 

() 

Allocation of net income (loss), diluted, Class A ordinary shares

() 

Allocation of net income (loss), basic, Class A non-redeemable
 and Class B ordinary shares

Allocation of net income (loss), diluted, Class A non-redeemable
 and Class B ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, basic and diluted

() 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, basic

Basic net income (loss) per share, non-redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, diluted

Diluted net income (loss) per share, non-redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares

For The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2022

For the Period From January 8, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2021

As Previously Reported

Adjustment

As Revised

As Previously Reported

Adjustment

As Revised

Allocation of net income (loss), basic, Class A ordinary shares

) 

() 

Allocation of net income (loss), diluted, Class A ordinary shares

) 

() 

Allocation of net income (loss), basic, Class A non-redeemable
 and Class B ordinary 
shares

(2) 

Allocation of net income (loss), diluted, Class A non-redeemable
 and Class B ordinary shares

(2) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, basic and diluted

() 

() 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, basic

(1) 

() 

Basic net income (loss) per share, non-redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, diluted

(1) 

() 

Diluted net income (loss) per share, non-redeemable
 Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares

(the Initial PIPE Financing ). Subsequent to the Initial PIPE Financing, on January 26, 2023, EBAC entered into subscription agreements (the Subsequent Subscription Agreements , and together with the Initial Subscription Agreements, the Subscription Agreements with certain subscribers (the Subsequent PIPE Investors , and together with the Initial PIPE Investors, the PIPE Investors ), pursuant to which the Subsequent PIPE Investors have agreed to subscribe for, and we have agreed to issue to the Subsequent Subscribers, an aggregate of EBAC Class A Common Stock at a price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of (the Subsequent PIPE Financing , and together with the Initial PIPE Financing, the PIPE Financing ). The aggregate amount of EBAC Class A Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the PIPE Financing is shares for aggregate gross proceeds of (See Note 1). 

On February 3, 2023, the Company filed with the SEC its definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A to announce its intention to hold a special meeting of shareholders to be held on February 28, 2023 to approve the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement. 

On February 13, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note in the amount of up to to MRMJ Holding B.V., an affiliate of the Sponsor. The proceeds of the Note, which may be drawn down from time to time until the Company consummates its initial business combination, will be used for general working capital purposes. The Note bears no interest and is payable in full in cash upon the earlier to occur of (i) or 
 (ii) the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. No portion of the Note is convertible into any securities, including warrants, of the Company or any affiliate thereof. The issuance of the Note was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On February 14, 2023, the Company drew 

 on the Note. 

On February 15, 2023, the Company entered into (i) a loan agreement Loan 1) with Oculis in the amount of CHF Loan Amount 1) and (ii) a loan agreement Loan 2
, and together with Loan 1, the Loan) with Oculis in the amount of CHF Loan Amount 2
, and together with Loan Amount 1, the Loan Amount), pursuant to which Oculis agreed to pay the Loan Amount on behalf of EBAC for the purpose of increasing the initial share capital of Oculis Holding AG in connection with the Company s previously announced initial business combination. The Loan bears no interest if repaid prior to March 31, 2023 and otherwise will bear interest equal to the minimal interest published as a safe harbor rule by the Swiss Federal Tax Authorities. The Loan is payable in full in cash on , unless the Company elects to repay at an earlier date. 

F - 24

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded that our control to ensure all information entered is complete and accurate were not effectively designed or maintained, particularly around the treatment of leases, accounts payable, administrative support agreement, and taxes. This material weakness resulted in the adjustment of the Company s balance sheet and income statement as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the reporting of the accounts payable, accrued expenses, capital taxes, and deferred legal fees. As a result of this material weakness, our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded that our controls to ensure all information entered is complete and accurate were not effectively designed or maintained, particularly around the treatment of leases, accounts payable, administrative support agreement, and taxes. This material weakness resulted in the adjustment of the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REAGRDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. None. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Directors and Executive Officers Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Koen Sintnicolaas 
 
 34 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Martijn Kleijwegt 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 Mark Wegter 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Volkert Doeksen 
 
 59 
 
 Director 
 
 Onno van de Stolpe 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 Mohammad Sohail Fazeli 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz has served as EBAC s Chief Executive Officer since EBAC s inception. From July 2020 to December 2020, Mr. Bravo was Interim Chief Executive Officer of OncoDNA, a cancer theranostic company. From July 2018 to February 2020, Mr. Bravo served Chief Executive Officer of Nordic Nanovector, a radiopharmaceutical company. Prior to joining Nordic Nanovector, Mr. Bravo was CEO of TiGenix, a cell therapy company from 2011 until June 2018. Mr. Bravo serves on the board of Ariceum Therapeutics GmbH since November 2021 to the present. Mr. Bravo has a MSc in Business Administration from CUNEF (1988) and an MBA from INSEAD (1991). EBAC believes that Mr. Bravo s experience as an executive at leading biotechnology businesses make him well qualified to serve on EBAC s management team. Koen Sintnicolaas Koen Sintnicolaas has served as EBAC s Chief Financial Officer since EBAC s inception. From July 2016 to the present, Mr. Sintnicolaas is the Business Controller of EQT Life Sciences (f/k/a Life Science Partners) and one of Europe s largest and most experienced healthcare investment firms. From June 2013 to June 2016, Mr. Sintnicolaas served as Business Controller of Fetim Group, an international trading company. Mr. Sintnicolaas has a MSc in Financial Economics from the Erasmus University and a post-graduate Business Analytics Data Science degree from the Vrije Universiteit. EBAC believes that Mr. Sintnicolaas experience as a business controller at leading investment and international trading firms make him well qualified to serve on EBAC s management team. Martijn Kleijwegt Martijn Kleijwegt has been a member and the Chairman of the Board since EBAC s inception. Mr. Kleijwegt founded LSP in 1998 and is currently a partner at EQT Life Sciences (f/k/a Life Science Partners). Mr. Kleijwegt brings over 30 years of hands-on finance and investment experience to EBAC. Mr. Kleijwegt currently serves on the boards of Vico Therapeutics, A-M Pharma and Oxthera. Mr. Kleijwegt has a master s degree in Economics from Amsterdam University. EBAC believes that Mr. Kleijwegt s experience in healthcare investments make him well qualified to serve as a director. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Mark Wegter Mark Wegter has been a member of the Board since EBAC s inception. Mr. Wegter joined LSP in 1998 and is a partner at EQT Life Sciences (f/k/a Life Science Partners). For the first ten years at LSP, Mr. Wegter was actively involved in raising and managing Life Sciences Partners private equity funds, taking co-responsibility for the entire investment process, from deal sourcing to actively supporting the growth and exit of a number of Life Sciences Partners portfolio companies, as non-executive director and Life Science Partners investor representative. This included both private and public companies in countries such as the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, the UK and Switzerland. As of early 2008, Mr. Wegter started Life Sciences Partners public equity investment franchise, building it to become a second business line next to Life Sciences Partners existing private equity franchise. Prior to joining LSP, Mr. Wegter worked as a Senior Analyst at ING Corporate and Investment Banking. Mr. Wegter brings 25 years of hands-on finance and investment experience to EBAC. Mr. Wegter has a master s degree in Business Economics from the Erasmus University of Rotterdam. EBAC believes Mr. Wegter s experience in healthcare investments make him well qualified to serve as a director. Volkert Doeksen Volkert Doeksen has been a member of the Board since EBAC s initial public offering. Mr. Doeksen is a private equity investor and founder of AlpInvest Partners (originally NIB Capital), one of the largest private equity investments managers globally. AlpInvest has committed over 70 billion to investments since 2000. From 2000 until 2015, he served as CEO and Chairman of the Board and the investment committee of AlpInvest, which has offices in Amsterdam, Hong Kong and New York. From 2015 until 2019, Mr. Doeksen was Vice Chairman of Carlyle Solutions Group and later on Senior Advisor to The Carlyle Group. Prior to founding AlpInvest, Mr. Doeksen was a director of Dresdner Kleinwort Benson (today DKB ), managing over 3 billion of private equity investments. From 1992 to 1994, Mr. Doeksen served as head of the bank s Benelux region, based in the firm s London office. In 1994, he moved to New York to head up DKB s private equity investments, including U.S. leveraged buyouts, mezzanine debt and fund of funds. Prior to DKB, Mr. Doeksen worked as an investment banker focusing on mergers and acquisitions for Dillon Read from 1989 through 1992. He began his career as a financial analyst in corporate finance for Morgan Stanley International in London in 1987. Mr. Doeksen received his Master in Law Degree from the University of Leiden in 1987. Mr. Doeksen received his Master in Law Degree from the University of Leiden in 1987. Mr. Doeksen also serves as a director of Athora Holdings Ltd., as director of Royal Doeksen B.V., a shipping and ferry company, as a director of Nouryon B.V. and as director of Nobian B.V. EBAC believes Mr. Doeksen s extensive international experience in private equity investments and his service on the boards of directors makes him well qualified to serve as a director. Onno van de Stolpe Onno van de Stolpe has been a member of the Board since EBAC s initial public offering. Mr. van de Stolpe founded Galapagos NV in 1999 and had served as Chief Executive Officer and member of its board of directors from 1999 to April 2022. From 1998 to 1999, he was the managing director of Genomics at IntroGene B.V. (later Crucell N.V., which was acquired by Johnson Johnson Services, Inc. in 2011). Prior to joining IntroGene in 1998, he was managing director of Molecular Probes Europe B.V. He established this European headquarters after joining Molecular Probes, Inc. in the United States. Previously, from 1990 to 1995, Mr. van de Stolpe worked for The Netherlands Foreign Investment Agency in California, where he was responsible for recruiting biotechnology and medical device companies to locate in the Netherlands. Mr. van de Stolpe started his career in 1987 as Manager of Business Development at MOGEN International N.V. in Leiden until 1990. He received an MSc degree from Wageningen University in 1987. Mr. van de Stolpe currently also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Leyden Laboratories B.V. and Stichting African Parks Foundation. He is nominated for Chairman of the Board of Protix B.V. EBAC believes that Mr. van de Stolpe is qualified to serve on the Board because of his extensive international experience in biotechnology, private equity and mergers and acquisitions, and his service on the boards of directors of biopharmaceutical companies. Mohammad Sohail Fazeli Mohammad Sohail Fazeli has been a member of the Board since March 18, 2021. Mr. Fazeli is a Senior Pharma Analyst and Head of Research EMEA at Bloomberg Intelligence, London. From 2005 to 2010, Mr. Fazeli worked as Senior Biotech Analyst and Head of Research EMEA at Piper Jaffray (currently doing business as Piper Sandler Co.) in London. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Fazeli worked as Senior Biotech Analyst at Nomura International in 
 65 

Table of Contents 

London. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Fazeli worked as a Senior Biotech Analyst at Altium Capital (Apax) in London. From 1999 to 2000, Mr. Fazeli worked as Biotech Analyst Rabobank in London. Mr. Fazeli started his professional career as Biotech Analyst for HSBC James Capel in London from 1998 to 1999. Mr. Fazeli received his Bachelor s Degree in Pharmacology from the University of Cardiff in 1985. Mr. Fazeli received his Ph.D. in Pharmacology from the University of London in 1989. Mr. Fazeli currently also serves on the board of Arecor Limited and Exonate Limited. EBAC believes Mr. Fazeli s extensive experience in investment banking and his academic background and expertise in biotechnology make him well qualified to serve as a director. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors The Board is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to EBAC s first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, EBAC is not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after EBAC s first fiscal year end following EBAC s listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Onno van de Stolpe, will expire at EBAC s first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Volkert Doeksen and Mohammad Sohail Fazeli, will expire at the second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Martijn Kleijwegt and Mark Wegter, will expire at the third annual general meeting. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of the founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of the founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. EBAC s officers are appointed by the Board and serve at the discretion of the Board, rather than for specific terms of office. The Board is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in EBAC s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. EBAC s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that EBAC s officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the Board. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of the Board be independent. EBAC has three independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. The Board has determined that Volkert Doeksen, Onno van de Stolpe and Mohammad Sohail Fazeli are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. EBAC s independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Executive Officer and Director Compensation None of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, we paid an affiliate of the Sponsor 20,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our management team. As of October 17, 2022, such arrangements has been terminated with no further payments or other obligations owed to such affiliate. In addition, the Sponsor, and our officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by EBAC to the Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Committees of the Board The Board has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Both EBAC s audit committee and EBAC s compensation committee are composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee Volkert Doeksen, Onno van de Stolpe and Mohammad Sohail Fazeli serve as members of EBAC s audit committee. The Board has determined that each of Volkert Doeksen, Onno van de Stolpe and Mohammad Sohail Fazeli are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Mr. Fazeli serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and the Board has determined that Mr. Fazeli qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The audit committee is responsible for: 

meeting with the independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of EBAC s accounting and control systems; 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with management EBAC s compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by EBAC regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding EBAC s financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the initial public offering; and 
 67 

Table of Contents 

reviewing and approving all payments made to EBAC s existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of EBAC s audit committee will be reviewed and approved by the Board, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. Nominating Committee The members of EBAC s nominating committee are Volkert Doeksen, Onno van de Stolpe and Mohammad Sohail Fazeli. Mr. Doeksen serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, EBAC is required to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. The Board has determined that each of Volkert Doeksen, Onno van de Stolpe and Mohammad Sohail Fazeli are independent. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on the Board. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the nominating committee charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the Board and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the Board. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. Compensation Committee The members of EBAC s compensation committee are Volkert Doeksen, Onno van de Stolpe and Mohammad Sohail Fazeli. Mr. Doeksen serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, EBAC is required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. The Board has determined that each of Volkert Doeksen, Onno van de Stolpe and Mohammad Sohail Fazeli are independent. EBAC adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to EBAC s Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating EBAC s Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of EBAC s Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of EBAC s other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing EBAC s executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering EBAC s incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with EBAC s proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 
 68 

Table of Contents 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for EBAC s executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in EBAC s annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. The EBAC compensation committee charter provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics EBAC adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to EBAC s directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. Conflicts of Interest Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in EBAC s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. Certain of EBAC s officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of the Sponsor. As a result, if any of EBAC s officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before EBAC can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, EBAC may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, EBAC does not expect these duties to materially affect EBAC s ability to complete a business combination. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which EBAC s executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz 
 
 Vivet Therapeutics Sutura Therapeutics Engitix Therapeutics Ariceum Therapeutics 
 
 Biotechnology Biotechnology Biotechnology Biotechnology 
 
 Director Director Director Director 

Koen Sintnicolaas 
 
 EQT Life Sciences 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Business Controller 

Martijn Kleijwegt 
 
 AM-Pharma B.V. Vico Therapeutics B.V. OxThera AB LSP Advisory B.V. 
 
 Biotechnology Biotechnology Biotechnology Investment management company 
 
 Director Director Director Director 

Mark Wegter 
 
 LSP Advisory B.V. 
 
 Investment management company 
 
 Director 

Volkert Doeksen 
 
 Nobian B.V. Royal Doeksen B.V. Stichting DUX Athora Holdings Ltd. Nouryon B.V. 
 
 Chemicals Shipping and ferry services Charity Insurance and reinsurance Chemicals 
 
 Director Director Director Director Director 

Onno van de Stolpe 
 
 Galapagos NV 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Director 

Leyden Laboratories B.V. 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Director 

Stichting African Parks Foundation 
 
 Charity 
 
 Director 

Mohammad Sohail Fazeli 
 
 Arecor Ltd Exonate Ltd 
 
 Biotechnology Biotechnology 
 
 Director Director 
 Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

EBAC s executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to EBAC s affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between EBAC s operations and EBAC s search for a business combination and their other businesses. EBAC currently does not have and does not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of a business combination. Each of EBAC s executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and EBAC executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to EBAC affairs. 

EBAC s Sponsor and each member of EBAC s management team have entered into an agreement with EBAC, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of an initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve the Existing Government Documents (a) that would modify the substance or timing of EBAC s obligation to provide holders of EBAC Class A Common Stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of EBAC s public shares if EBAC does not complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of EBAC Class A Common Stock (including extending the deadline for completing EBAC s Business Combination). Additionally, the Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Combination Period, the private placement units and the underlying securities will expire worthless. Except as described herein, EBAC S Sponsor, directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (i) one year after the completion of an initial business combination and (ii) subsequent to a business combination, (a) if the closing price of EBAC Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after EBAC s initial business combination, or (b) the date on which EBAC completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of EBAC s public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement units, the private placement shares, the EBAC Private Placement Warrants and the EBAC Class A Common Stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of an initial business combination. Because each of EBAC s executive officers and director nominees will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate EBAC s business combination. In no event will the Sponsor or any of EBAC s existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee, or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render, in order to effectuate the completion of an initial business combination. Further, as of May 21, 2021, EBAC reimburses an affiliate of the Sponsor for office space, administrative, and support services. As of October 17, 2022, such arrangements has been terminated with no further payments or other obligations owed to such affiliate. EBAC cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in EBAC s favor. The Sponsor and each member of EBAC s management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of the Business Combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s constitutive documents may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. EBAC s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of EBAC s officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. EBAC entered into agreements with EBAC s directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in EBAC s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. EBAC purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures EBAC s officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against EBAC s obligations to indemnify EBAC s officers and directors. EBAC also entered into indemnity agreements with them. EBAC s officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to EBAC and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the Trust Account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by EBAC if (i) EBAC has sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) EBAC consummates a business combination. EBAC s indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against EBAC s officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against EBAC s officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit EBAC and EBAC Shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent EBAC pays the costs of settlement and damage awards against EBAC s officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. EBAC believes that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION None of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on the Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we agreed to pay our sponsor 20,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our management team. As of October 17, 2022, such arrangements has been terminated with no further payments or other obligations owed to such affiliate. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of February 24, 2023, by: 

each person known by us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and each of our officers and directors; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. The following table is based on 16,398,576 ordinary shares outstanding at February 24, 2023 of which 13,209,880 were Class A ordinary shares and 3,188,696 were Class B ordinary shares. Unless otherwise indicated, it is believed that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned(2) 

Approximate Percentage of Issued and Outstanding Ordinary Shares 

LSP Sponsor EBAC B.V.(3) 

3,593,792 

21.93 

Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz 

Koen Sintnicolaas 

Martijn Kleijwegt(3) 

3,593,792 

21.93 

Mark Wegter(3) 

3,593,792 

21.93 

Volkert Doeksen 

25,000 

Onno van de Stolpe 

25,000 

Mohammad Sohail Fazeli 

All officers and directors as a group 

3,643,792 

100 

Less than one percent 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is Johannes Vermeerplein 9 1071 DV Amsterdam, Netherlands. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders. 

(3) 
 The shares reported above are held in the name of our sponsor. LSP Management Group B.V., a Dutch limited liability company, is the majority owner of our sponsor and as such, LSP Management Group B.V. has voting and investment discretion with respect to the shares held of record by our sponsor and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the shares held by our sponsor. Martijn Kleijwegt and Mark Wegter who are directors of LSP Management Group B.V. have voting and investment discretion with respect to the shares owned by LSP Management Group B.V. and may be deemed to have indirect shared beneficial ownership of the shares held by our sponsor. Martijn Kleijwegt and Mark Wegter each disclaim beneficial ownership over the founder shares except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein. In connection with our IPO, our sponsor beneficially owns 20 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares and have the right to appoint all of our directors and to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares do not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors or to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our sponsor may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. Our sponsor has agreed (a) to vote any founder shares and public shares held by it in favor of any proposed business combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares or public shares held by it in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. Our sponsor and our officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence-Related Party Policy for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters. Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants The founder shares, private placement units, the private placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreement entered into by our sponsor and management team. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their founder shares until the earliest of (a) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (b) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) any of their private placement units, private placement shares, private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants are not transferable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The foregoing restrictions are not applicable to transfers (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members or partners of our sponsor or their affiliates, any affiliates of our sponsor, or any employees of such affiliates; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the founder shares, private placement warrants or Class A ordinary shares, as applicable, were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of our sponsor s organizational documents upon liquidation or dissolution of our sponsor; (g) to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with 
 74 

Table of Contents 

the consummation of our initial business combination; (h) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial business combination; or (i) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreement. Registration Rights The holders of the founder shares, private placement units, private placement warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) any of their private placement units, private placement shares, private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares, private placement units, private placement shares, private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this Annual Report as the lock-up. In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. This agreement was modified in connection with the Business Combination Agreement. Equity Compensation Plans As of December 31, 2022, we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities were authorized for issuance. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Founder Shares On January 18, 2021, the sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.01 per share, to cover certain of our expenses in consideration of 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. On March 15, 2021, the Company effected a 6-for-5 share split, resulting in an aggregate of 3,450,000 founder shares issued and outstanding. Our sponsor has transferred 25,000 of its founder shares to two of our independent directors. In connection with the expiration of the underwriter s over-allotment option, our sponsor surrendered 261,304 founder shares. As such, our initial shareholders collectively own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares as of our initial public offering. In addition, our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 455,096 private placement units, for a purchase price of 4,550,960 in the aggregate, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. As of December 31, 2022, the Sponsor held 3,138,696 Founder Shares. Private Placement Units Our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 455,096 private placement units, for a purchase price of 4,550,960 in the aggregate, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. The Private Placement Units (including the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants (as defined below) and Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Each whole private placement warrant underlying the Private Placement Units (the Private Placement Warrants is exercisable for one whole Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units was added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Units and the underlying securities will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Units (including the Private Placement Shares and Private Placement Warrants) until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Sponsor Loans On January 18, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company 300,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Company borrowed approximately 38,000 under the Note. The Company repaid the Note in full on March 22, 2021. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility was no longer available to the Company. Working Capital Loans In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. On February 13, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Note in the amount of up to 750,000 to MRMJ Holding B.V., an affiliate of the Sponsor. The proceeds of the Note, which may be drawn down from time to time until the Company consummates its initial business combination, will be used for general working capital purposes. The Note bears no interest and is payable in full in cash upon the earlier to occur of (i) March 18, 2023 or (ii) the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. No portion of the Note is convertible into any securities, including warrants, of the Company or any affiliate thereof. The issuance of the Note was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On February 14, 2023, the Company drew 500,000 on the Note. On February 15, 2023, the Company entered into (i) a loan agreement Loan 1 with Oculis in the amount of CHF 100,000.00 Loan Amount 1 and (ii) a loan agreement Loan 2 , and together with Loan 1, the Loan with Oculis in the amount of CHF 256,921.68 Loan Amount 2 , and together with Loan Amount 1, the Loan Amount ), pursuant to which Oculis agreed to pay the Loan Amount on behalf of EBAC for the purpose of increasing the initial share capital of Oculis Holding AG in connection with the Company s previously announced initial business combination. The Loan bears no interest if repaid prior to March 31, 2023 and otherwise will bear interest equal to the minimal interest published as a safe harbor rule by the Swiss Federal Tax Authorities. The Loan is payable in full in cash on March 31, 2023, unless the Company elects to repay at an earlier date. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

Administrative Support Agreement The Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 20,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services. Upon completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred approximately 191,000 and 188,000 of such fees, respectively which are recognized in general and administrative expenses-related party, in the accompanying statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately 197,000 of such fees in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheet. Such agreement was terminated as of October 17, 2022. Registration Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Units, and securities that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement dated as of February 10, 2020. These holders are entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Related Party Policy The audit committee of our board of directors has adopted a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification of related party transactions. A related party transaction is any consummated or proposed transaction or series of transactions: (i) in which the company was or is to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds (or is reasonably expected to exceed) the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the company s total assets at year end for the prior two completed fiscal years in the aggregate over the duration of the transaction (without regard to profit or loss); and (iii) in which a related party had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Related parties under this policy will include: (i) our directors, nominees for director or officers; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities; (iii) any immediate family member of any of the foregoing if the foregoing person is a natural person; and (iv) any other person who maybe a related person pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee will consider (i) the relevant facts and circumstances of each related party transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s-length dealings with an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction, (iii) whether the transaction contravenes our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes the relationship underlying the transaction to be in the best interests of the company and its shareholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may have on a director s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board s committees. Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy will not permit any director or officer to participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Volkert Doeksen, Onno van de Stolpe and Mohammad Sohail Fazeli are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. Fees for professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm since inception include: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For The Period From January 8, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 

Audit Fees (1) 

181,692 

114,480 

Audit Related Fees (2) 

Tax Fees (3) 

All Other Fees (4) 

Total 

181,692 

114,480 

(1) 
 Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end and reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 

(2) 
 Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

(3) 
 Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. 

(4) 
 All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by Marcum LLP, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 78 

Table of Contents 

PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements Reference is made to the Index to Financial Statements of the Company under Item 8 of Part II above. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial, not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto in Item 8 of Part II above. 

(3) 
 Exhibits We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated October 17, 2022 by and among the Company and Oculis S.A. (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022. 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on March 18, 2021. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (333-253220), filed with the SEC on March 4, 2021. 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File 333-253220), filed with the SEC on March 4, 2021. 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File 333-253220), filed with the SEC on March 4, 2021. 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 15, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on March 18, 2021. 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021. 

10.1 
 
 A Letter Agreement, dated March 15, 2021, among the Company and its officers, certain of its directors and LSP Sponsor EBAC B.V. (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on March 18, 2021. 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 15, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on March 18, 2021. 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights and Shareholder Agreement, dated March 15, 2021, between the Company and certain security holders (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on March 18, 2021. 

10.4 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated March 15, 2021, between the Company and LSP Sponsor EBAC B.V. (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on March 18, 2021. 

10.5 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated March 15, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on March 18, 2021. 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File 333-253220), filed with the SEC on March 4. 2021. 

10.7 
 
 A Letter Agreement, dated March 18, 2021, among the Company, Mohammad Sohail Fazeli and LSP Sponsor EBAC B.V. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on March 18, 2021. 

10.8 
 
 Form of PIPE Subscription Agreement by and among the Company and certain investors party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022. 

10.9 
 
 Convertible Loan Agreement, dated October 17, 2022 by and among Oculis and certain shareholders party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022. 

Table of Contents 

10.10 
 
 Form of Shareholder Non-Redemption Agreement, by and among Sponsor and certain investors party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022. 

10.11 
 
 Oculis Shareholder Support Agreement, dated October 17, 2022 by and among Oculis, the Company and other parties thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022. 

10.12 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated October 17, 2022 by and among Sponsor, the Company and Oculis (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022. 

10.13 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement by and among New Parent and the other signatories to be a party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022. 

10.14 
 
 Form of Subsequent PIPE Subscription Agreement by and among the Company and certain investors party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on January 30, 2023. 

10.15 
 
 Additional Convertible Loan Agreement dated January 26, 2023 by and among Oculis and certain shareholders party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40211), filed with the SEC on January 30, 2023. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Table of Contents 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. February 27, 2023 

EUROPEAN BIOTECH ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz 

Name: Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz 

Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated below. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ Koen Sintnicolaas Koen Sintnicolaas 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ Martijn Kleijwegt Martijn Kleijwegt 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ Mark Wegter Mark Wegter 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ Volkert Doeksen Volkert Doeksen 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ Onno van de Stolpe Onno van de Stolpe 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ Mohammad Sohail Fazeli Mohammad Sohail Fazeli 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d425221dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of European Biotech
Acquisition Corp. (the Company 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Date: February 27, 2023 

/s/ Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz 
 
 Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d425221dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Koen Sintnicolaas, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of European Biotech
Acquisition Corp. (the Company 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2023 

/s/ Koen Sintnicolaas 
 
 Koen Sintnicolaas 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d425221dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of European Biotech Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form
 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. Date: February 27, 2023 

/s/ Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de
Araoz 

Name: 
 
 Eduardo Bravo Fernandez de Araoz 
 
 Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d425221dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of European Biotech Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form
 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Koen Sintnicolaas, Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 27, 2023 

/s/ Koen Sintnicolaas 

Name: 
 
 Koen Sintnicolaas 
 
 Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ebac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ebac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ebac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ebac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

