<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1326771_0001326771-23-000051.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20972504</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>495084</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3455526</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9631915</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3667665</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3244777</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001326771-23-000051.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316132407
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001326771-23-000051
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		127
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001326771
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FEDERAL & FEDERALLY-SPONSORED CREDIT AGENCIES [6111]
		IRS NUMBER:				316000228
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			X1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51399
		FILM NUMBER:		23738156

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		221 E. 4TH STREET
		STREET 2:		600 ATRIUM TWO
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		513-852-7500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 ATRIUM TWO
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 598
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45201-0598

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001326771-23-000051.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 fhlbcin-20221231.htm
 10-K

fhlbcin-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________. 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 Federally chartered corporation of the 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Class B Stock, par value 100 per share 
 (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated Filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 Page 1 of 161 

Table of Contents 

 The capital stock of the registrant is not listed on any securities exchange or quoted on any automated quotation system, only may be owned by members and former members and is transferable only at its par value of 100 per share. At June 30, 2022, the aggregate par value of all Class B stock held by members and former members was 4,434,226,900. As of February 28, 2023, the registrant had shares of capital stock outstanding, which included stock classified as mandatorily redeemable. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: None 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 20 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 26 
 Item 2. Properties 26 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 26 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 27 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 27 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 72 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Financial Statements for the Years Ended 2022, 2021, and 2020 73 
 Notes to Financial Statements 81 
 Supplemental Financial Data 133 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 133 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 134 
 Item 9B. Other Information 134 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 134 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 135 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 140 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 154 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 155 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 156 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 158 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 159 
 Signatures 160 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward Looking Information 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that describe the objectives, expectations, estimates, and assessments of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati (the FHLB). These statements use words such as anticipates, expects, believes, could, estimates, may, and should. By their nature, forward-looking statements relate to matters involving risks or uncertainties, some of which we may not be able to know, control, or completely manage. Actual future results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements or could affect the extent to which we are able to realize an objective, expectation, estimate, or assessment. Some of the risks and uncertainties that could affect our forward-looking statements include the following: 
 
 the effects of economic, financial, credit, market, and member conditions on our financial condition and results of operations, including changes in economic growth, general liquidity conditions, inflation and deflation, interest rates, interest rate spreads, interest rate volatility, mortgage originations, prepayment activity, housing prices, asset delinquencies, and members' mergers and consolidations, deposit flows, liquidity needs, and loan demand; 
 
 political, national or world events, acts of war, including the current conflict in Ukraine, civil unrest, terrorism, natural disasters, climate change, pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or other catastrophic events, and legislative, regulatory, government, judicial or other developments that could affect us, our members, our counterparties, other Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks) and other government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs), and/or investors in the Federal Home Loan Bank System's (FHLBank System or System) unsecured debt securities, which are called Consolidated Obligations (or Obligations); 
 
 competitive forces, including those related to other sources of funding available to members, to purchases of mortgage loans, and to our issuance of Consolidated Obligations; 
 
 the financial results and actions of other FHLBanks that could affect our ability, in relation to the FHLBank System's joint and several liability for Consolidated Obligations, to access the capital markets on acceptable terms or preserve our profitability, or could alter the regulations and legislation to which we are subject; 
 
 changes in ratings assigned to FHLBank System Obligations or the FHLB that could raise our funding cost; 
 
 changes in investor demand for Consolidated Obligations; 
 
 the volatility of market prices, interest rates, credit quality, and other indices that could affect the value of investments and collateral we hold as security for member obligations and/or for counterparty obligations; 
 
 uncertainties related to the phasing out of London InterBank Offered Rate (LIBOR) that could impact our mortgage-backed security (MBS) investments, Advances, derivatives, and collateral; 
 
 the ability to attract and retain skilled management and other key employees; 
 
 the ability to develop, secure and support technology and information systems that effectively manage the risks we face (including cybersecurity risks); 
 
 the risk of loss arising from failures or interruptions in our ongoing business operations, internal controls, information systems or other operating technologies; 
 
 the ability to successfully manage new products and services; and 
 
 the risk of loss arising from litigation filed against us or one or more other FHLBanks. 
 
 We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this report. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1. Business . 

COMPANY INFORMATION 
 
 Company Background 
 
 The FHLB is a regional wholesale bank that serves the public interest by providing financial products and services to our members to fulfill a public-policy mission of supporting housing finance and community investment. We are part of the FHLBank System. Each of the 11 FHLBanks operates as a separate entity with its own stockholders, employees, Board of Directors, and business model. Our region, known as the Fifth District, comprises Kentucky, Ohio and Tennessee. 
 
 The U.S. Congress chartered the FHLBank System in the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of 1932 (the FHLBank Act) as a GSE to help provide liquidity and credit to the U.S. housing market and support home ownership. Promoting home ownership is a long-standing central theme of U.S. government policy. The System has a critical public-policy role as important national liquidity providers to the financial system through our member stockholders, particularly during stressful conditions when private-sector liquidity often proves unreliable. 
 
 The FHLBanks are not government agencies and the U.S. government does not guarantee, directly or indirectly, the debt securities or other obligations of the FHLBank System. Rather, the FHLBanks are GSEs, which combine private sector ownership with public sector sponsorship. In addition, the FHLBanks are cooperative institutions, privately and wholly owned by stockholders who are also the primary customers. 
 
 The FHLBank System also includes the Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency) and the Office of Finance. The Finance Agency is an independent agency in the executive branch of the U.S. government that regulates the FHLBanks, the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), and the Office of Finance. The Office of Finance is a joint office of the FHLBanks that facilitates the issuance and servicing of the FHLBank System's Consolidated Obligations. 
 
 Thrift institutions, commercial banks, credit unions, certain insurance companies, and certified community development financial institutions chartered in the Fifth District may voluntarily apply for membership in our FHLB. Applicants must satisfy membership requirements in accordance with statutes and Finance Agency regulations. These requirements deal primarily with home financing activities, satisfactory financial condition such that Advances may be made safely, and matters related to the regulatory, supervisory and management oversight of the applicant. By law, an institution is permitted to apply for membership in only one FHLBank, although a holding company may have memberships in more than one FHLBank through its subsidiaries. At December 31, 2022, we had 616 members. 
 
 We are exempt from all federal, state, and local taxation other than real property taxes. Any cash dividends we issue are taxable to members and do not benefit from the corporate dividends received exclusion. Notes 1 and 10 of the Notes to Financial Statements provide additional details regarding the assessment for the Affordable Housing Program. 
 
 Our internet address is www.fhlbcin.com. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 
 Mission and Corporate Objectives 
 
 Our mission is to provide member-stockholders with reliable funding to support housing finance, affordable housing and community investment, and assist with their balance sheet management. 
 
 How We Achieve the Mission 
 We achieve our mission through a cooperative business model. We raise private-sector capital from member stockholders and issue low-cost high-quality debt in the global capital markets jointly with other FHLBanks. The capital and proceeds from debt issuance enable us to provide members services primarily, access to liquidity via reliable, readily available, and low-cost sources of funding to support their business activities including affordable housing and community investment. Another important member service is that we offer a program to purchase certain mortgage loans, which provides members liquidity and helps them reduce market risk. Additionally, we provide a competitive return on members' capital investment in our company. 
 
 Our ability to best perform our mission depends on having a membership base that is an essential component of the nation s housing and mortgage finance systems. We focus closely on fulfilling our mission for members who are community financial 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 institutions. At the same time, we value having large members who are active borrowers because they provide the System the ability to consistently issue large amounts of debt, which helps ensure the debt has a relatively low cost, benefiting all members. 
 
 The primary products we offer are readily available low-cost loans called Advances, purchases of certain whole mortgage loans sold by qualifying members through the Mortgage Purchase Program (MPP), and Letters of Credit. We also offer affordable housing programs and related activities to support members in their efforts to assist very low-, low- and moderate-income households and their local communities. To a more limited extent, we also have several correspondent services that assist members in operational administration. 
 
 The primary way we obtain funding is through participation in the issuance of the FHLBank System's Consolidated Obligations in the global capital markets. Secondary sources of funding are capital and deposits we accept from our members. A critical component of the success of the FHLBank System is its ability to maintain a comparative advantage in funding given its GSE status, low risk operations, and joint and several liability across the 11 FHLBanks. We regularly issue Obligations with a wide range of maturities, structures, and amounts, and at relatively favorable spreads to benchmark market interest rates (such as U.S. Treasury securities, Federal funds effective, and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)) compared with many other financial institutions. 
 
 Because we are a cooperative organization with some members using our products more heavily than others and members having different amounts of capital stock, we must achieve a balance in generating membership value from product prices and characteristics and paying a competitive dividend rate. We attempt to achieve this balance by pricing our products at relatively narrow spreads over funding costs, compared with other financial institutions, while still achieving acceptable profitability. Our cooperative ownership structure and extensive access to debt markets allow our business to be scalable and self-capitalizing without taking undue risks, diminishing capital adequacy, or jeopardizing profitability. 
 
 Our franchise value is derived from the synergies brought by the various components of our business model, including the public-policy mandate, GSE status, cooperative ownership structure, consistent ability to issue large amounts of debt at acceptable funding costs, and mechanisms of providing housing finance liquidity through products and services to financial institutions rather than directly to homeowners. 
 
 Corporate Objectives 
 Our corporate objectives, listed below, are intended to promote housing finance among members and ensure our operations and governance are effective and efficient. 
 Mission Assets and Activities (as defined below): Implement strategies and tactics and effectively manage operations to promote members usage of Primary Mission Assets and Supplemental Mission Activities and stand ready at all times to provide liquidity to members. 
 Housing and Community Investment Programs: Maintain effective housing and community investment programs and offer targeted voluntary assistance programs. 
 Safe and Sound Operations: Optimize our counterparty and deposit ratings, achieve an acceptable rating on annual examinations, and have an adequate amount and composition of capital. 
 Risk Management: Employ effective risk optimization management practices and maintain risk exposures at low to moderate levels. 
 Stock Return: Earn adequate profitability so that members receive a competitive long-term dividend on their capital stock investment. 
 Governance: Operate in accordance with effective corporate governance processes that emphasize compliance and consider the interest of all stakeholders (members, stockholders, employees, creditors, housing partners, and regulators). 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Business Activities 
 
 Mission Assets and Activities 
 The following are our principal business activities with members: 
 
 We lend readily-available, competitively-priced, and fully-collateralized Advances. 
 
 We issue fully-collateralized Letters of Credit. 
 
 We purchase qualifying residential mortgage loans through the MPP and hold them on our balance sheet. 
 
 We also may execute standby bond purchase agreements with state housing authorities, which is a minor source of business activity. Together, these product offerings constitute Mission Assets and Activities. We refer to Advances and Letters of Credit as Credit Services. 
 
 Affordable Housing and Community Investment 
 In addition, through various Housing and Community Investment programs, we assist members in serving very low-, low-, and moderate-income households and community economic development. These programs include Advances at below-market rates of interest, as well as direct grants. 
 
 Investments 
 To help us achieve our mission and corporate objectives, we invest in highly-rated debt instruments of financial institutions and the U.S. government and in mortgage-related securities. In practice, these investments normally include liquidity instruments and longer-term MBS, as permitted by Finance Agency regulation. Investments provide liquidity, help us manage market risk exposure, enhance earnings, and through the purchase of mortgage-related securities, support the housing market. 
 
 Sources of Earnings 
 
 Our major source of revenue is interest income earned on Advances, MPP loans, and investments. 
 
 Major items of expense are: 
 
 interest paid on Consolidated Obligations and deposits to fund assets; 
 
 costs of providing below-market-cost Advances and direct grants and subsidies under the Affordable Housing Program; and 
 
 non-interest expenses. 
 
 The largest component of earnings is net interest income, which equals interest income minus interest expense. We derive net interest income from the interest rate spread earned on assets versus funding costs and the use of financial leverage. Each of these can vary over time with changes in market conditions, including most importantly interest rates, business conditions and our risk management activities. 
 
 We believe members' capital investment is comparable to investing in adjustable-rate preferred equity instruments. Therefore, we structure our balance sheet risk exposures so that earnings tend to move in the same direction as changes in short-term market rates, which can help provide a degree of predictability for dividend returns. 
 
 Capital 
 
 Due to our cooperative structure, we obtain capital from members. Each member must own capital stock as a condition of membership and normally must acquire additional stock above the membership stock amount in order to gain access to Mission Assets and Activities. Acquiring capital in connection with growth in Mission Assets and Activities ensures that these assets are self-capitalizing. We issue, redeem, and repurchase capital stock only at its stated par value of 100 per share. By law, our stock is not publicly traded. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 We also maintain an amount of capital to ensure we meet all of our regulatory and business requirements relating to capital adequacy and protection of creditors against losses. We hold retained earnings to protect members' stock investment against impairment risk and to help stabilize dividend payments when earnings may be volatile. 
 
 Governance 
 
 Board of Directors 
 Our Board of Directors is responsible for the overall oversight and management of the FHLBank pursuant to the Federal Home Loan Bank Act. The combination of public sponsorship and private ownership that drives our business model is reflected in the composition of our 17-member Board of Directors, all of whom members elect. Ten directors are officers and/or directors of our member institutions, while the remaining directors are Independent directors who represent the public interest. When nominating Independent director candidates, our Board values diversity across a number of categories, including diversity of gender, race, and ethnicity, as well as professional backgrounds. The professional backgrounds of our Independent directors cover a wide range of industries and expertise in areas such as financial markets and economics, affordable housing organizations, and technology, including cybersecurity. 
 
 Culture of Ethical Behavior 
 We are committed to the highest possible standards of honesty, integrity and conduct. These standards are essential to our business and foster confidence in our FHLBank and the FHLB System. To promote these standards with our employees and our vendors, we maintain a Whistleblower Policy, Standards of Conduct that apply to all employees, and a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers. The Standards of Conduct outline employees responsibilities to promptly raise compliance and ethics questions and concerns and provide a description of the types of questions and concerns that should be raised. Each employee receives training on and certifies understanding and acceptance of the Standards of Conduct at the inception of their employment and, thereafter, must certify their compliance with the Standards of Conduct at least once each year. 
 
 Regulatory Oversight 
 Our business is subject to extensive regulation and supervision. The laws and regulations to which we are subject cover all key aspects of our business, and directly and indirectly affect our product and service offerings, pricing, competitive position and strategic plan, relationship with members and third parties, capital structure, cash needs and uses, and information security. As discussed throughout this report, such laws and regulations can have a significant effect on key drivers of our results of operations, including, for example, our capital and liquidity, product and service offerings, risk management, and costs of compliance. 
 
 The Finance Agency has regulatory authority over the FHLBanks and is charged with ensuring that each FHLBank carries out its housing and community development finance mission, remains adequately capitalized, operates in a safe and sound manner, and complies with Finance Agency regulations. The Finance Agency is headed by a Director who has authority to promulgate regulations and to make other decisions. 
 
 To carry out these responsibilities, the Finance Agency conducts examinations of each FHLBank at least annually, as well as periodic reviews, and receives monthly information on each FHLBank's financial condition and operating results. While an individual FHLBank has substantial discretion in governance and operational structure, the Finance Agency maintains broad supervisory and regulatory authority. In addition, the Comptroller General has authority to audit or examine the Finance Agency and the FHLBanks, to decide the extent to which the FHLBanks fairly and effectively fulfill the purposes of the FHLBank Act, and to review any audit, or conduct its own audit, of the financial statements of an FHLBank. 
 
 Ratings of Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations 
 
 The FHLBank System's comparative advantage in funding is acknowledged in its excellent credit ratings from nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (NRSROs). Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) currently assigns, and historically has assigned, the System's Consolidated Obligations the highest ratings available: long-term debt is rated Aaa and short-term debt is rated P-1. It also assigns a Prime-1 short-term bond rating on each FHLBank. It affirmed these ratings in 2022 and maintained a stable outlook. In 2022, Standard Poor's affirmed its issuer credit ratings on each FHLBank and its AA+ ratings on the System's senior debt and also maintained a stable outlook. The ratings closely follow the U.S. sovereign ratings from both agencies. 
 
 The agencies' rationales for their ratings of the System and our FHLB include the System's status as a GSE; the joint and several liability for Obligations; excellent overall asset quality; extremely strong capacity to meet commitments to pay timely principal and interest on debt; strong liquidity; conservative use of derivatives; adequate capitalization relative to our risk 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 profile; a stable capital structure; and the fact that no FHLBank has ever defaulted on repayment of, or delayed return of principal or interest on, any Obligation. 
 
 A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. A rating organization may revise or withdraw its ratings at any time, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. We cannot predict what future actions, if any, a rating organization may take regarding the System's or our ratings. 

BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
 
 We manage the development, resource allocation, product delivery, pricing, credit risk management, and operational administration of our Mission Assets and Activities in two business segments: Traditional Member Finance and the MPP. Traditional Member Finance includes Credit Services, housing and community investment, investments, some correspondent and deposit services, and other financial products of the FHLB. See the Segment Information section of Results of Operations in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 14 of the Notes to Financial Statements for more information on our business segments, including their results of operations. 
 
 Traditional Member Finance 
 
 Credit Services 
 Advances. Advances are competitively priced sources of funds available for members to help manage their asset/liability and liquidity needs. Advances can both complement and be alternatives to retail deposits, other wholesale funding sources, and corporate debt issuance. We strive to facilitate efficient, fast, and continuous member access to funds. In most cases, members can access funds on a same-day basis. 
 
 We price a variety of standard Advance programs every business day and several other standard programs on demand. We also offer customized, non-standard Advances. Having diverse programs gives members the flexibility to choose and customize their borrowings according to size, maturity, interest rate, interest rate index (for adjustable-rate coupons), interest rate options, and other features. 
 
 Repurchase based (REPO) Advances are short-term, fixed-rate instruments structured similarly to repurchase agreements from investment banks, with one principal difference. Members collateralize their REPO Advances through our normal collateralization process, instead of being required to pledge specific securities as would be required in a typical repurchase agreement. 
 
 Adjustable-rate Advances have interest rates typically priced off benchmark rate indices such as SOFR. Adjustable-rate Advances may be structured at the member's option as either prepayable with a fee or prepayable without a fee if the prepayment is made on a repricing date. 
 
 Regular Fixed-Rate Advances have terms of 3 months to 30 years, with interest normally paid monthly and principal repayment normally at maturity. Members may choose to purchase call options on these Advances, although in the last several years, balances with call options have been at or close to zero. 
 
 Putable Advances are fixed-rate Advances that provide us an option to terminate the Advance, usually after an initial lockout period. Most have long-term original maturities. Selling us these options enables members to secure lower rates on Putable Advances compared to Regular Fixed-Rate Advances with the same final maturity. 
 
 Mortgage-Related Advances are fixed-rate, amortizing Advances with final maturities of 5 to 30 years. Some of these Advances, at the choice of the member, provide members with prepayment options without fees. 
 
 We also offer various other Advance programs that have smaller outstanding balances. 
 
 Letters of Credit. Letters of Credit are collateralized contractual commitments we issue on a member's behalf to guarantee its performance to third parties. A Letter of Credit may obligate us to make direct payments to a third party, in which case it is treated as an Advance to the member. The most popular use of Letters of Credit is as collateral supporting public unit deposits, which are deposits held by governmental units at financial institutions. We normally earn fees on Letters of Credit based on the actual average amount of the letters utilized, which generally is less than the notional amount issued. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 How We Manage Risks of Credit Services. We manage market risk from Advances by funding them with Consolidated Obligations and interest rate swaps that have similar interest rate risk characteristics as the Advances. In addition, for many, but not all Advance programs, Finance Agency regulations require us to charge members prepayment fees for early termination of principal when the early termination results in an economic loss to us. We determine prepayment fees using standard present-value calculations that make us economically indifferent to the prepayment. The prepayment fee equals the present value of the estimated profit that we would have earned over the remaining life of the prepaid Advance. If a member prepays principal on an Advance that we have hedged with an interest rate swap, we may also assess the member a fee to compensate us for the cost we incur in terminating the swap before its stated final maturity. Some Advance programs are structured as non-prepayable and may have additional restrictions in order to terminate. The net effect is that in practice we mitigate market risk exposure associated with Advances sufficiently and within our risk tolerance. 
 
 The objective of our credit risk management activities for Credit Services is to equalize risk exposure across members and counterparties to a zero level of expected losses. We require each member to supply us with a security interest in eligible collateral that in the aggregate has estimated value in excess of the total Advances and Letters of Credit. Collateral is comprised mostly of single- and multi-family residential loans, commercial real estate loans, home equity loans, government guaranteed loans and bond securities. The combination of conservative collateral policies and risk-based credit underwriting activities sufficiently mitigates potential credit risk associated with Advances and Letters of Credit. As a result, at December 31, 2022, we did not expect any credit losses on Advances and, therefore, no allowance for credit losses on Advances was recorded. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Risk Management in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 5 of the Notes to Financial Statements provide more detail on our credit risk management of member borrowings. 
 
 Investments 
 Types of Investments. A primary reason we hold investments is to carry sufficient asset liquidity. Permissible liquidity investments include Federal funds, certificates of deposit, bank notes, bankers' acceptances, commercial paper, securities purchased under agreements to resell, and debt securities issued by the U.S. government, its agencies, or other GSE's. Certain certificates of deposit and debt securities issued by the U.S. government, its agencies, or other GSE's are classified as either trading or available-for-sale securities on the Statements of Condition. We also may place deposits with the Federal Reserve Bank. We are prohibited by Finance Agency regulations from investing (secured or unsecured) in financial investments issued by non-U.S. entities other than those issued by U.S. branches and agency offices of foreign commercial banks. Many liquidity investments have short-term maturities. 
 
 We are also permitted by regulation to purchase the following other investments, which have longer original maturities than liquidity investments: 
 
 MBS and collateralized mortgage obligations (together, referred to as MBS) issued by GSEs, other U.S. government agencies or private issuers; 
 
 asset-backed securities collateralized by manufactured housing loans or home equity loans issued by GSEs or private issuers; and 
 
 marketable direct obligations of certain government units and agencies (such as state housing finance agencies) that supply needed funding for housing or community lending and that do not exceed 20 percent of our regulatory capital. 
 
 We have never purchased asset-backed securities and do not own any privately-issued MBS. 
 
 Per Finance Agency regulations, the total investment in MBS and asset-backed securities may not exceed 300 percent of previous month-end regulatory capital on the day we purchase the securities. See the Capital Resources section below for the definition of regulatory capital. 
 
 Purposes of Having Investments. The investments portfolio helps achieve corporate objectives in the following ways: 
 
 Liquidity management . Liquidity investments support the ability to fund assets on a timely basis, especially Advances, and when it may be more difficult to issue new debt. These investments supply liquidity because we normally fund them with longer-term debt than asset maturities. Liquidity investments are either short-term (primarily overnight), or longer-term investments (such as U.S. Treasuries) that may be sold and converted to cash. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Earnings enhancement . The investments portfolio, especially MBS, assists with earning a competitive return on capital, and increasing funding for Housing and Community Investment programs. In addition, liquidity investments help stabilize earnings because they typically earn a relatively stable spread to the cost of debt issued to fund them. 
 
 Management of debt issuance . Maintaining a short-term liquidity investment portfolio can help us participate in attractively priced debt issuances, on an opportunistic basis. We can temporarily invest proceeds from debt issuances in short-term liquid assets and quickly access them to fund demand for Mission Assets and Activities, rather than having debt issuances dictated solely by the timing of member demand. 
 
 Support of housing market . Investment in MBS and state housing finance agency bonds directly supports the residential mortgage market by providing capital and financing for mortgages. 
 
 How We Manage Risks of Investments. We strive to ensure our investment holdings have a moderate degree of market risk and limited credit risk, which tends to lower the returns we can expect to earn on these securities. We believe that a philosophy of purchasing investments with a high amount of market or credit risk would be inconsistent with our GSE status and corporate objectives. 
 
 Market risk associated with short-term investments tends to be minimal because of their short maturities and because we typically fund them with short-term Consolidated Obligations. We mitigate much of the market risk of MBS, which exists primarily from changes in mortgage prepayment speeds, by limiting their balances to 300 percent of regulatory capital and by funding them with a portfolio of long-term fixed-rate callable and non-callable Obligations. Additionally, we mitigate much of the market risk of longer-term non-MBS securities, and a portion of our MBS, by using interest rate swaps to effectively convert the fixed rate investments to adjustable-rate investments. We also manage the market risk exposure of the entire balance sheet within prudent policy limits. 
 
 Finance Agency regulations and internal policies also provide controls on market risk exposure by restricting the types of mortgage loans, MBS and other investments we can hold. These restrictions prohibit, among others, the purchase of interest only or principal only stripped MBS and MBS whose average life varies more than six years under a 300 basis points interest rate shock. 
 
 Our internal policies specify guidelines for, and relatively tight constraints on, the types and amounts of short-term investments we are permitted to hold and the maximum amount of credit risk exposure we are permitted to have with eligible counterparties. We are only permitted to invest in unsecured investments with counterparties that have high credit ratings. We believe all of our investments have high credit quality because of our conservative investment policies and practices. We have never had a credit loss or credit-related write down of any investment security. 
 
 Deposits 
 We provide a variety of deposit programs, including demand, overnight, term and Federal funds, which enable depositors to invest funds in short-term liquid assets. We accept deposits from members, other FHLBanks, any institution to which we offer correspondent services, and other government instrumentalities. The rates of interest we pay on deposits are subject to change daily based on comparable money market interest rates. The balances in deposit programs tend to vary positively with the amount of idle funds members have available to invest, as well as the level of short-term interest rates. Deposits have typically represented one to three percent of our funding sources in recent years. 
 
 Mortgage Purchase Program (MPP or Mortgage Loans Held for Portfolio) 
 
 Description of the MPP 
 Types of Loans and Benefits. Finance Agency regulations permit FHLBanks to purchase and hold specified whole mortgage loans from their members, which offers members a competitive alternative to the traditional secondary mortgage market and directly supports housing finance. We account for MPP loans as mortgage loans held for portfolio. By selling mortgage loans to us, members can increase their balance sheet liquidity and lower interest rate and mortgage prepayment risks. The MPP particularly enables small- and medium-sized community-based financial institutions to use their existing relationship with us to participate more effectively in the secondary mortgage market. 
 
 We purchase two types of mortgage loans: qualifying conforming fixed-rate conventional 1-4 family residential mortgages and residential mortgages fully insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA). Members approved to sell us these loans are referred to as Participating Financial Institutions (PFIs). 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 A conventional mortgage refers to a non-government-guaranteed mortgage. A conforming mortgage refers to a loan that meets the dollar limit permissible to be lent as a regular prime (i.e., non-jumbo, non-subprime) mortgage and other funding criteria of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. For 2023, the Finance Agency established the conforming limit for mortgages that finance single-family one-unit properties at 726,200. Additionally, the Finance Agency allows higher conforming limits on loans originated in a limited number of high-cost areas. We have elected to only purchase mortgages up to the 726,200 conforming limit. 
 
 Loan Purchase Process. We purchase loans from PFIs pursuant to a Mandatory Delivery Contract, which is a legal commitment we make to purchase, and a PFI makes to deliver, a specified dollar amount of mortgage loans, with a forward settlement date, at a specified range of note rates and prices. Shortly before delivering the loans that will fill the Mandatory Delivery Contract, the PFI must submit loan level detail including underwriting information. We apply procedures through an automated system designed to screen loans that do not comply with our policies. Our underwriting guidelines generally mirror those of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac for conforming conventional loans, although our guidelines and pool composition requirements are more conservative in a number of ways in order to further limit credit risk exposure. PFIs are required to make certain representations and warranties against our underwriting guidelines on the loans they sell to us. If a PFI sells us a loan in breach of those representations and warranties, we have the contractual right to require the PFI to repurchase the loan. 
 
 How We Manage Risks of the MPP 
 Market Risk. We mitigate the MPP's market risk similarly to how we mitigate market risk from MBS. 
 
 Credit Risk - Conventional Mortgage Loans. A unique feature of the MPP is that it separates the various activities and risks associated with residential mortgage lending for conventional loans and allows these risks and activities to be taken on by different entities. We manage the market risk (including interest rate risk and prepayment risk) and liquidity risk. PFIs manage marketing, originating and, in most cases, servicing the loans. PFIs may either retain servicing or sell it to a qualified and approved third-party servicer (also referred to as a PFI). Because PFIs manage and bear most of the credit risk, they do not pay us a guarantee fee to transfer credit risk. 
 
 We manage credit risk exposure for conventional loans primarily through underwriting and pool composition requirements and by applying layered credit enhancements. These enhancements, which apply after a homeowner's equity is exhausted, currently include available primary mortgage insurance and the Lender Risk Account (discussed below). These credit enhancements are designed to protect us against credit losses in scenarios of severe downward movements in housing prices and unfavorable changes in other factors that can affect loan delinquencies and defaults. 
 
 The Lender Risk Account is a key component of how we manage residual credit risk. It is a holdback of a portion of the initial purchase price. Starting after five years from the loan purchase date, we may return the holdback to PFIs if they manage credit risk to predefined acceptable levels of exposure on the loan pools they sell to us. Actual loan losses are deducted from the amount of the purchase-price holdback we return to the PFI. The Lender Risk Account provides PFIs with a strong incentive to sell us high quality performing mortgage loans. 
 
 Credit Risk - FHA Mortgage Loans. Because the FHA makes an explicit guarantee on FHA loans, we do not require any credit enhancements on these loans beyond primary mortgage insurance. 
 
 "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Risk Management in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations provides more detail on how we manage market and credit risks for the MPP. 
 
 Earnings from the MPP 
 The MPP enhances long-term profitability on a risk-adjusted basis and augments the return on member stockholders' capital investment. We generate earnings in the MPP from monthly interest payments minus the cost of funding and the cost of hedging the MPP's interest rate risk. Interest income on each loan is generally computed as the mortgage note rate multiplied by the loan's principal balance: 
 
 minus servicing costs (0.25 percent for conventional loans and 0.44 percent for FHA loans); and 
 adjusted for the amortization of purchase premiums or the accretion of purchase discounts and for the amortization or accretion of fair value adjustments on loans initially classified as mortgage loan commitments. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 For new loan purchases, we consider the cost of the Lender Risk Account when we set conventional loan prices and evaluate the MPP's potential return on investment. We do not receive fees or income for retaining the risk of losses in excess of any credit enhancements. 

FUNDING - CONSOLIDATED OBLIGATIONS 
 
 Our primary source of funding and hedging market risk exposure is through participation in the sale of Consolidated Obligation debt securities to global investors. Obligations are the joint and several obligations of all the FHLBanks, backed only by the financial resources of the FHLBanks. Consolidated Obligations are the principal funding source used to make Advances and to purchase mortgage loans and investments. There are two types of Consolidated Obligations: Consolidated Bonds (Bonds) and Consolidated Discount Notes (Discount Notes). 
 
 Bonds may have fixed or adjustable rates of interest. Fixed-rate Bonds are either non-callable or callable. A callable Bond is one that we are able to redeem in whole or in part at our discretion on one or more predetermined call dates according to the Bond's offering notice. The maturity of Bonds are typically up to 20 years. Adjustable-rate Bonds use a benchmark market interest rate, typically SOFR, for interest rate resets. We do not participate in the issuance of range Bonds, zero coupon Bonds, or indexed principal redemption Bonds. 
 
 Discount Notes are issued primarily to raise short-term funds and have original maturities from one day to one year. Discount Notes generally sell at less than their face amount and are redeemed at par value when they mature. 
 
 The mix of Obligations fluctuates in response to relative changes in short-term versus long-term assets, relative changes in fixed-rate versus adjustable-rate assets, decisions on market risk management (particularly the amount of funding of longer-term assets with short-term Obligations), and differences in relative costs of various Obligations. 
 
 Interest rates on Obligations are affected by a multitude of factors such as: overall economic and credit conditions; credit ratings of the FHLBank System; investor demand and preferences for our debt securities; the level and shape of market interest rates (e.g., U.S. Treasury rates); and the supply, volume, timing, and characteristics of debt issuances by the FHLBanks, other GSEs, and other highly-rated issuers. 
 
 Finance Agency regulations govern the issuance of Obligations. An FHLBank may not issue individual debt securities without Finance Agency approval, and we have never done so. The Office of Finance services Obligations, prepares the FHLBank System's quarterly and annual combined financial statements, and serves as a source of information for the FHLBanks on capital market developments. 
 
 We have the primary liability for our portion of Obligations, i.e., those issued on our behalf for which we received the proceeds. However, we also are jointly and severally liable with the other FHLBanks for the payment of principal and interest on all Obligations. If we do not pay the principal or interest in full when due on any Obligation issued on our FHLB's behalf, we are prohibited from paying dividends or redeeming or repurchasing shares of capital stock. If another FHLBank were unable to repay its participation in an Obligation for which it is the primary obligor, the Finance Agency could call on each of the other FHLBanks to repay all or part of the Obligation. The Finance Agency has never invoked this authority. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY 
 
 Our business requires a substantial and continual amount of liquidity to satisfy financial obligations (primarily maturing Consolidated Obligations) in a timely and cost-efficient manner and to provide members access to timely Advance funding and mortgage loan sales in all financial environments. We obtain liquidity by issuing debt, holding short-term assets that mature before their associated funding, and having the ability to sell certain investments without significant accounting consequences. Sources of asset liquidity include cash, maturing Advances, maturing investments, principal paydowns of mortgage assets, the ability to sell certain investments, and interest payments received. Uses of liquidity primarily include repayments of Obligations, issuances of new Advances, purchases of loans under the MPP, purchases of investments, and payments of interest. 
 
 Liquidity requirements are significant because Advance balances can be volatile, many have short-term maturities, and we strive to allow members to borrow Advances on the same day they request them. We regularly monitor liquidity risks and the investment and cash resources available to meet liquidity needs, as well as statutory and regulatory liquidity requirements. 
 
 Because Obligations have favorable credit ratings and because the FHLBank System is one of the largest sellers of debt in the worldwide capital markets, the System historically has been able to satisfy its liquidity needs through debt issuance across a wide range of structures at relatively favorable spreads to benchmark market interest rates, such as U.S. Treasury rates. 

CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Capital Requirements 
 
 Statutory and Regulatory Requirements 
 
 Under Finance Agency regulations, regulatory capital is composed of all capital stock (including stock classified as mandatorily redeemable), retained earnings, general loss allowances, and other amounts from sources the Finance Agency determines are available to absorb losses. Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (GLB Act), permanent capital equals Class B stock plus retained earnings. 
 
 Finance Agency regulations stipulate that we must comply with three limits on capital leverage and risk-based capital. These ensure a low amount of capital risk while providing for competitive profitability. We have always complied with these regulatory capital requirements. 
 
 We must maintain at least a four percent minimum regulatory capital-to-assets ratio. 
 We must maintain at least a five percent minimum leverage ratio of capital divided by total assets, which includes a 1.5 weighting factor applicable to permanent capital. Because all of our Class B stock is permanent capital, this requirement is met automatically if we satisfy the four percent unweighted capital requirement. 
 We are subject to a risk-based capital rule in which we must hold an amount of "permanent" capital that exceeds the amount of exposure to market risk, credit risk, and operational risk. How we determine the amount of these risk exposures is stipulated by Finance Agency regulation. Permanent capital includes retained earnings and the regulatory amount of Class B capital stock. 
 
 In addition to the minimum capital requirements, the GLB Act and our Capital Plan promote the adequacy of our capital to absorb financial losses in three ways. These combine to give member stockholders a clear incentive to require us to minimize our risk profile: 
 
 the five-year redemption period for Class B stock; 
 the option we have to call on members to purchase additional capital if required to preserve safety and soundness; and 
 the limitations, described below, on our ability to honor requested redemptions of capital if we are at risk of not maintaining safe and sound operations. 
 
 In accordance with the GLB Act, our stock is also putable by members. There are statutory and regulatory restrictions on our obligation or right to redeem or repurchase outstanding stock, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We may not redeem any capital stock if, following the redemption, we would fail to satisfy any regulatory capital requirements. By law, we may not redeem any stock if we become undercapitalized. 
 
 We may not redeem any capital stock without approval of the Finance Agency if either our Board of Directors or the Finance Agency determines that we have incurred or are likely to incur losses resulting or expected to result in a charge against capital. 
 
 If we were to be liquidated, stockholders would be entitled to receive the par value of their capital stock after payment in full to our creditors. In addition, each stockholder would be entitled to any retained earnings in an amount proportional to the stockholder's share of the total shares of capital stock. In the event of a merger or consolidation of the FHLB, the Board of Directors would determine the rights and preferences of the FHLB's stockholders, subject to any terms and conditions imposed by the Finance Agency. 
 
 Capital Plan 
 Our Capital Plan ties the amount of each member's required capital stock to the amount of the member's assets and the amount and type of its activity with us. The Capital Plan has the following basic characteristics: 
 
 We offer only one class of capital stock, Class B, which is generally redeemable upon a member's five-year advance written notice. We strive to manage capital risks to be able to safely and soundly satisfy redemption requests sooner than five years, although we may elect to wait up to five years (or longer under certain conditions). 
 
 We issue shares of capital stock as required for an institution to become a member or maintain membership (membership stock), as required for members to capitalize certain Mission Assets and Activities (activity stock), and if we pay dividends in the form of additional shares of stock. 
 
 We may, subject to the restrictions described above, repurchase certain capital stock (i.e., "excess" capital stock). 
 
 We believe the Capital Plan enables us to efficiently increase and decrease capital stock needed to capitalize assets in response to changes in the membership base and demand for Mission Assets and Activities. This enables us to maintain a prudent amount of financial leverage and consistently generate a competitive dividend return. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the amount of membership stock required for each member ranged from a minimum of 1,000 to a maximum of 20 million, with the amount within that range determined as a percentage of member assets. Separate from its membership stock, each member is required to purchase and hold activity stock to capitalize Mission Assets and Activities. Activity stock is required to capitalize the principal balance of Advances, guaranteed funds and rate Advance commitments, the principal balance of loans and commitments in the MPP, and the notional balance of Letters of Credit. 
 
 The FHLB must capitalize its total assets at a rate of at least four percent. The Capital Plan supports the membership's stock component towards this overall requirement. As specified within the Capital Plan, each member is required to maintain a percentage of activity stock depending on the type of transaction. Currently, the activity percentages are as follows: 
 
 Transaction Type Activity Percentage Advances 4.50 Advance Commitments 4.50 MPP 3.00 Letters of Credit 0.10 
 
 If a member owns more stock than is needed to satisfy both its membership and activity stock requirements, we designate the remaining stock as the member's excess capital stock. The member utilizes its excess stock to capitalize additional Mission Assets and Activities, before purchasing activity stock. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Retained Earnings 
 
 Purposes and Amount of Retained Earnings 
 Retained earnings are important to protect members' capital stock investment against the risk of impairment and to enhance our ability to pay stable and competitive dividends when earnings may be volatile. Impairment risk is the risk that members would have to write down the par value of their capital stock investment in our FHLB as a result of their analysis of ultimate recoverability. An extreme situation of earnings instability, in which substantial credit losses were experienced and expected for a period of time, could result in members determining that the value of their capital stock investment was impaired. 
 
 We have a policy that sets forth a minimum amount of retained earnings we believe is needed to mitigate impairment risk and facilitate dividend stability in light of the risks we face. At December 31, 2022, the minimum retained earnings requirement was approximately 745 million, based on mitigating quantifiable risks under very stressed business and market scenarios to a 99 percent confidence level. At the end of 2022, our retained earnings totaled 1.4 billion. We believe the current amount of retained earnings is fully sufficient to protect our capital stock against impairment risk and to provide for dividend stability. 
 
 Joint Capital Agreement to Augment Retained Earnings 
 The FHLBanks entered into a Joint Capital Enhancement Agreement (the Capital Agreement in February 2011. The Capital Agreement provides that each FHLBank will, on a quarterly basis, allocate at least 20 percent of its net income to a restricted retained earnings account (the Account until the balance of the Account, calculated as of the last day of each calendar quarter, equals at least one percent of that FHLBank's average balance of outstanding Consolidated Obligations for the calendar quarter. The Account is not available to be distributed as dividends except under certain limited circumstances. The Capital Agreement does not limit our ability to use retained earnings held outside of the Account to pay dividends. Although we have always maintained compliance with our capital requirements, we believe the Capital Agreement enhances risk mitigation by building a larger capital buffer over time to absorb unexpected losses, if any, that we may experience. 

USE OF DERIVATIVES 
 
 Finance Agency regulations and our policies establish guidelines for the execution and use of derivative transactions. We are prohibited from trading in, or the speculative use of, derivatives and have limits on the amount of credit risk to which we may be exposed. Most of our derivatives activity involves interest rate swaps, some of which may include options. We account for all derivatives at fair value. 
 
 Similar to our participation in debt issuances, use of derivatives is integral to hedging market risk created by Advances, certain longer-term fixed-rate investments and mortgage assets, including commitments. Derivatives related to Advances most commonly hedge either: 
 
 below-market rates and/or the market risk exposure on Putable Advances, and certain other Advances, for which members have sold us options embedded within the Advances; or 
 
 Regular Fixed-Rate Advances when it may not be as advantageous to issue Obligations or when it may improve our market risk management. 
 
 The derivatives we transact related to investments hedge market risk exposure by effectively converting the fixed-rate investment to an adjustable-rate investment. The derivatives we transact related to mortgage assets primarily hedge interest rate risk and prepayment risk. Such derivatives include options on interest rates swaps (swaptions) and sales of to-be-announced MBS for forward settlement. 
 
 Derivatives transactions related to Bonds help us intermediate between the preference of capital market investors for intermediate- and long-term fixed-rate debt securities and the preference of our members for shorter-term or adjustable-rate Advances. We can satisfy the preferences of both groups by issuing long-term fixed-rate Bonds and entering into an interest rate swap that synthetically converts the Bonds to an adjustable-rate funding basis that matches up with the short-term and adjustable-rate Advances, thereby preserving a favorable interest rate spread. 
 
 We may also transact derivatives to reduce the repricing risk of Discount Notes that fund certain overnight and shorter-term assets. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Use of derivatives can result in a substantial amount of volatility of accounting and economic earnings. We strive to maintain a low amount of earnings volatility from realized gains and losses on derivatives. We accept a higher amount of earnings volatility from unrealized gains and losses on recording derivatives at fair values, to the extent our use of derivatives effectively hedge market risk exposure. 

COMPETITION 
 
 Advances 
 Members' demand for our Advances is affected by, among other things, the cost of other sources of funding available, including our members' customer deposits. We compete with other suppliers of wholesale funding, both secured and unsecured, including the federal government, commercial banks, investment banking divisions of commercial banks, brokered deposits and other FHLBanks when our members' affiliated institutions are members of other FHLBanks. In addition, competition is often more significant when originating Advances to larger members, which have greater access to the national and global capital markets. 
 
 Our ability to compete successfully with other suppliers of wholesale funding, including other FHLBanks, depends primarily on the total cost of Advances to members, which include the rates we charge, earnings and dividend performance, collateral policies, capital stock requirements, product features and members' perceptions of our relative safety and soundness. See Item 1A. Risk Factors below for further discussion. 
 
 Mortgage Purchase Program 
 The primary competitors for mortgage loans we purchase in the MPP are Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, government agencies such as the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae), and other secondary mortgage market conduits. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, in particular, have long-established and efficient programs and are the dominant purchasers of fixed-rate conventional mortgages. In addition, a number of private financial institutions have well-established securitization programs, although they may not currently be as active as they were historically. The MPP also competes with the Federal Reserve to the extent it purchases MBS and affects market prices and the availability of supply. 
 
 Debt Issuance 
 The FHLBank System primarily competes with the U.S. government and other GSEs for funds raised through the issuance of unsecured debt in the national and global debt markets. Increases in the supply of competing debt products may, in the absence of increases in demand, result in higher debt costs. 

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
 
 Housing and Community Investment Programs 
 We support affordable housing, necessary housing repairs, disaster reconstruction and home ownership for very low- to moderate-income individuals through multiple programs across Kentucky, Ohio and Tennessee. By using our programs individually or in combination, our members and their community partners can create economically competitive solutions that contribute to the quality of life in the communities they serve. 
 
 Our Housing and Community Investment Programs include the Affordable Housing Program and various housing and community economic development-related Advance and grant programs. We fund the Affordable Housing Program with an accrual equal to 10 percent of our previous year's net earnings, mandated by the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989. In addition to the mandated 10 percent accrual, the Board of Directors may elect to make voluntary contributions to the Affordable Housing Program. See Note 10 of the Notes to Financial Statements for a complete description of the Affordable Housing Program calculation. 
 
 The Affordable Housing Program provides funding for the development of affordable housing, from large rental complexes that provide homes to seniors to individual homes for first time buyers. The Program consists of a Competitive Program and a homeownership program called Welcome Home, which assists homebuyers with down payments and closing costs. Under the Competitive Program, we may distribute funds in the form of grants or below-market rate Advances to members that apply and successfully compete in an annual offering. Under Welcome Home, we make funds available beginning in March until they have been fully committed. For both programs, the income of qualifying individuals or households must be 80 percent or less of the area median income. We set aside up to 35 percent of the Affordable Housing Program accrual for Welcome Home and allocate the remainder to the Competitive Program. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Two other housing programs that fall outside of the Affordable Housing Program are the Community Investment Program and the Economic Development Program. Advances under the former program have rates equal to our cost of funds, while Advances under the latter program have rates equal to our cost of funds plus reasonable administrative costs. Members use the Community Investment Program to serve housing needs of low- and moderate-income households and, under certain conditions, community economic development projects. The Economic Development Program is a discounted Advance program used to promote economic development and job creation and retention. 
 
 Our Board of Directors also allocates funds to voluntary housing programs. Currently, we offer two voluntary housing programs, the Carol M. Peterson Housing Fund and the Disaster Reconstruction Program. The Board authorized 1.0 million to the Carol M. Peterson Housing Fund for use during 2022. In January 2023, the Board re-authorized another 1.5 million for the Carol M. Peterson Housing Fund for use in 2023. These funds are primarily used as grants to pay for accessibility rehabilitation and emergency repairs for special needs and elderly homeowners. The Disaster Reconstruction Program helps very low- to moderate-income families whose homes were impacted by fires, tornadoes, flooding, landslides or other state or federally declared natural disasters in the Fifth District. The program offers up to 20,000 to help repair and rebuild homes affected by disasters and 5,000 for displaced renters to purchase homes. Since the program's inception, we have disbursed over 6.8 million to assist 535 households . The Zero Interest Fund provides loans with a zero percent interest rate to support upfront infrastructure costs on residential and economic development projects. The fund is a 2 million revolving loan fund. 
 
 Serving the Community 
 Our employees participate in various programs, such as fundraising campaigns or volunteer opportunities, which support and give back to our local communities. Examples of these programs included the United Way Campaign, the Cincinnati Wish Tree Program, the Annual Heart Mini-Marathon and Walk, the Habitat for Humanity Rock the Block, and various volunteer opportunities supporting local schools and families. Through participation in Rock the Block and other employee volunteer events, our employees efforts helped advocate for safe, decent and affordable housing and play an active role in serving the needs of our local community . 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Program 
 Diversity, equity and inclusion is a strategic business priority. Our diversity, equity and inclusion officer reports to the President and Chief Executive Officer, serves as a liaison to the Board of Directors, and is a member of our senior management enterprise strategy committee. We recognize that diversity increases capacity for innovation and creativity and that inclusion allows us to leverage the unique perspectives of all employees and strengthen retention efforts. We operationalize our commitment through the development and execution of a three-year diversity, equity and inclusion strategic plan that includes quantifiable metrics to measure its success. Our diversity, equity and inclusion officer and team reports regularly on performance against the strategic plan to management and the Board of Directors. Additionally, employee job descriptions contain inclusive behavior expectations that increase with increasing responsibilities in the organization, and also are included as part of our annual performance management process. 
 
 We offer a range of opportunities for our employees to connect, and grow personally and professionally through employee resource groups and community outreach. We consider learning an important component of our diversity, equity and inclusion strategic plan and regularly offer educational opportunities to our employees. Examples of these opportunities include consultant-led diversity, equity and inclusion training about employee experiences as they relate to race, ethnicity and gender, listening to panel discussions about issues affecting race in the United States, as well as a series of lunch and learns to help raise awareness and engage employees in conversations about diversity, equity and inclusion. Our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion has led us to join local and national movements, such as The Hamilton County (Ohio) Gender Parity Initiative and Shine A Light on Antisemitism, that support gender equity and shine a light on hate. In addition, we have made a commitment to be part of the national dialogue and solution to end systemic racism through our sponsorship of the YWCA Racial and Justice Inclusion Initiative. 

HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Our human capital is a significant contributor to the success of our strategic business objectives. In managing human capital, we focus on our workforce profile and the various programs and philosophies described below. 
 
 Workforce Profile 
 Our workforce is primarily comprised of corporate employees, with one location of principal operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 240 employees. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 39 percent of our workforce was female, 61 percent male, 81 percent non-minority and 19 percent minority. Our workforce is leanly staffed, and historically has included a number 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 of longer-tenured employees. As of December 31, 2022, the average tenure of our employees was nine years. We strive to both develop talent from within the organization and supplement with external hires. We believe that developing talent internally results in institutional strength and continuity and promotes loyalty and commitment in our employee base, which furthers our success. However, adding new employees contributes to new ideas, continuous improvement, and our goals of a diverse, equitable and inclusive workforce. We encourage feedback from employees in our efforts to be an inclusive organization through third party surveys, internal surveys and a dedicated email address to send in questions or comments for review by the Chief Executive Officer. Our employees are not represented by a collective bargaining unit. 
 
 Total Rewards 
 We seek to attract, develop and retain talented employees. We strive to achieve this objective through a combination of development programs, benefits and employee wellness programs, and recognizing and rewarding performance. Specifically, our programs include: 
 Cash compensation provides competitive salary, transportation and other cash subsidies, and performance based incentives. 
 Benefits offers health insurance with a health savings account contribution, dental and vision insurance, life and AD D insurance, supplemental life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability insurance, employee assistance program, 401(k) retirement savings plan with employer match, and defined benefit pension benefits. 
 Recognition programs sponsors peer-to-peer recognition program, department recognition program and company-wide recognition. 
 Time off programs - provides paid time off for any reason (vacation, illness, personal) and other paid leave programs for bereavement, jury duty, and for times when caring for a sick family member, bonding with a newborn or recovering from childbirth. 
 Work / life balance provides flexible work arrangements and scheduling including allowing a hybrid work arrangement where employees may work up to three days per week from home and two days in the office. Additional flexibility is provided through our "Work from Anywhere" weeks, which allow employees to work fully remote for a limited number of weeks in the year. 
 Culture promotes employee resource groups and various cultural and inclusion initiatives. 
 Development programs and training offers tuition assistance programs, internal educational and development opportunities, and fee reimbursement for external educational and development programs. 
 Management succession planning assesses talent annually with our leadership and Board of Directors with, at a minimum, a defined plan for positions at Vice President and above. 

19 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 The following discussion summarizes risks and uncertainties we currently face. The realization of one or more of the risks could negatively affect our results of operations, financial condition, safety and soundness, and, at the extreme, the viability of our business franchise. The effects could include reductions in Mission Assets and Activities, lower earnings and dividends, and, at the extreme, impair our capital or hinder our ability to participate in issuances of Consolidated Obligations. The risks identified below are not the only risks we face. Other risks not presently known or which we deem to be currently immaterial may also impact our business. Additionally, the risks identified may adversely affect our business in ways we do not expect or anticipate. 

BUSINESS AND REGULATORY RISK 
 
 A prolonged downturn in the economy, including the U.S. housing market, and related U.S. government monetary policy responses, could lower Mission Assets and Activities and profitability. 
 
 Member demand for Mission Assets and Activities depends in large part on the general health of the economy and overall business conditions. Numerous external factors can affect our Mission Assets and Activities and earnings including: 
 
 the general state and trends of the economy and financial institutions, especially in the Fifth District; 
 conditions in the financial, credit, mortgage, and housing markets; 
 interest rates; 
 Federal Reserve actions to influence the Fed funds rate or use its balance sheet to influence financial markets and economic conditions; 
 competitive alternatives to our products, such as retail deposits and other sources of wholesale funding; 
 inflation; 
 regulations affecting our members' liquidity requirements; 
 the willingness and ability of financial institutions to expand lending; and 
 natural disasters, pandemics or other widespread health emergencies (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), terrorist attacks, civil unrest, geopolitical instability or conflicts (including the prolonged hostilities between Russia and Ukraine), trade disruptions, economic or other sanctions, or other unanticipated or catastrophic events could create economic and financial disruptions and uncertainties. 
 
 These external factors are likely to have a more severe impact if a prolonged economic downturn is accompanied by significant changes in interest rates, stresses in the housing market, elevated competitive forces, or actual or potential changes in the legislative and regulatory environment. Any of these factors, or a combination of factors, could adversely affect our business activities and results of operations and may ultimately cause stockholders to request redemption of a portion of their capital or request withdrawal from membership (both referred to in this report as request withdrawal of capital ). 
 
 Historically, overall Advance demand has been unfavorably affected when a substantial amount of deposit-based liquidity is provided to financial institutions through the monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. government and its agencies, including the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve s policies directly and indirectly influence interest rates on our assets and liabilities and could adversely affect the demand for Advances and Consolidated Obligations as well as our financial condition and results of operations. Recent efforts of the Federal Reserve to ease inflation, such as continued increases in interest rates and reductions in their balance sheet, have contributed to significant volatility in the financial markets and uncertainties about the economic outlook, including concerns about a possible recession. See "Executive Overview" in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information on recent market activity. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 The competitive environment for our products could adversely affect business activities, including decreasing the level and utilization rates of Mission Assets and Activities, earnings, and capitalization. 
 
 Our primary business is providing liquidity to our members by making Advances to, and purchasing mortgage loans from, our members. Members have access to alternative funding sources, including their customers' deposits, wholesale funding and other liquidity programs of the Federal Reserve, such as the limited time Bank Term Funding Program implemented on March 13, 2023 and effective through March 11, 2024. Members' alternative funding sources may offer more favorable terms than we offer, such as lower rates or more flexible credit or collateral standards. Some of our competitors are not subject to the same body of regulations applicable to us, which enables those competitors to offer products and terms that we are not able to offer. In addition, state and federal regulators perception of the stability and reliability of our Advances can also directly impact the amount of Advances used by members. 
 
 In connection with purchasing mortgage loans from our members, we face competition in the areas of customer service, purchase prices for the MPP loans and ancillary services such as automated underwriting and loan servicing options. Our primary competitors are Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, government agencies such as Ginnie Mae, and other secondary mortgage market conduits. In addition, our members continue to face increased competition in mortgage origination from non-bank financial institutions that are not eligible for FHLBank membership, which could reduce the amount of mortgage loans that members can make available to us to purchase. 
 
 Increased competition could decrease the amount of Advances and mortgage loans and narrow profitability, both of which could cause stockholders to request withdrawals of capital and ultimately result in a failure to meet our capital adequacy requirements. 
 
 In addition, the FHLBank System's offerings of debt compete with the U.S. Treasury, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, other GSEs, and corporate, state, and sovereign entities, among others. Increases in the supply and types of competing debt products or other regulatory factors could adversely affect the System's ability to access funding or increase the cost of our debt issuance. Either of these effects could in turn adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and the value of FHLB membership. 
 
 Sharp reductions in Mission Assets and Activities resulting from lower usage by large members, consolidation of large members, or continued shift in mortgage lending activities towards entities not eligible for FHLB membership could adversely impact our net income and dividends. 
 
 The amount of Mission Assets and Activities and capital is concentrated among a small number of our large members. Additionally, the financial industry continues to consolidate and in recent years there has been a systemic trend of financial institutions that are currently ineligible for FHLB membership gaining an increasing market share, especially related to mortgage finance. However, the legislative and regulatory environment faced by the FHLBanks has not changed in response to this trend. Our members could decrease their Mission Assets and Activities and the amount of their capital stock as a result of merger and acquisition activity or continued loss of market share to ineligible entities. At December 31, 2022, one member, U.S. Bank, N.A., held over 28 percent of our Advances and one member PFI, Union Savings Bank, accounted for 24 percent of the outstanding MPP principal balance. Our business model is structured to be able to absorb sharp changes in Mission Assets and Activities because we can undertake commensurate reductions in liability balances and capital and because of our relatively modest operating expenses. However, an extremely large and sustained reduction in Mission Assets and Activities could affect our profitability and ability to pay competitive dividends, as well as, at the FHLBank System level, raise policy questions about the relevance of the FHLBank System in its traditional mission of supporting housing finance. Ultimately, our ongoing viability and that of the FHLBank System is subject to the ability to provide sufficient membership value through the combination of products, services and return on investment of capital stock. 
 
 Changes in the regulatory and legislative environment could unfavorably affect our business model, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 In addition to potential GSE reform, the legislative and regulatory environment in which the System operates continues to undergo change. Recently-promulgated and future legislative and regulatory actions could result in, among other things: an increase in our cost of funding and regulatory compliance; a change in membership or permissible business activities; additional capital and liquidity requirements; additional contributions under our Affordable Housing Program; reduced demand for Advances or limitation on Advances made to members; or a change in the size, scope, or nature of our lending, investment, or mortgage financing activities. Furthermore, since we are reliant upon a voluntary membership base, a 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 member s willingness to maintain the required level of capital stock investment may be influenced by changes in the legislative and regulatory environment. 
 
 For example, in 2022, the Finance Agency initiated a comprehensive review of the FHLBank System. This review is expected to culminate with a written report from the Finance Agency. Such report may include recommendations for statutory revisions, proposals for new or modified regulations, regulatory guidance under existing regulations, and/or other regulatory or supervisory actions consistent with the Finance Agency s statutory authority. See "Executive Overview" in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for recent developments. 
 
 We cannot predict what regulations will be issued or revised or legislation will be enacted or repealed, and we cannot predict the effect of any such regulations or legislation on our business operations and/or financial condition. Legislative, regulatory, or other changes could result in, for example, an increase in the FHLBanks' cost of funding, a change in permissible business activities, including limitations to lend to members, change in our membership, limitations on Advances made to our members, an increase in our mandatory contribution to affordable housing or community development programs, or a decrease in the size, scope, or nature of the FHLBanks' lending, investment, or mortgage-financing activities, any of which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Potential GSE reform could unfavorably affect our business model, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Due to our GSE status, the ultimate resolution to the conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could affect the FHLBanks. While there appears to be consensus that a permanent financial and political solution to the current conservatorship status should be implemented, which could include maintaining the current structure, no consensus has evolved to date around any of the various legislative proposals. Some policy proposals directed towards Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have included provisions applicable to the FHLBank System, such as limitations on Advances and portfolio investments. Other proposals have included broader changes in GSE mortgage finance, such as the FHLBank System being a greater participant in the secondary mortgage market, which could affect the FHLBank System's long-standing business model. 
 
 There are significant differences between the FHLBank System and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, including the System's focus on lending as opposed to guaranteeing mortgages and its distinctive cooperative business model. GSE legislation could inadequately account for these differences. This could jeopardize the ability of the FHLBank System to continue operating effectively within its current business model, including by adversely changing the perceptions of the capital markets about the risk associated with the debt of housing GSEs. We cannot predict the effects on the System if GSE reform were to be enacted. 
 
 Replacement of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Under the July 2017 and March 2021 announcements by the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), which regulates LIBOR, the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings and all non-U.S. dollar LIBOR settings ceased to be provided by any administrator and were no longer representative as of January 1, 2022. The remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative immediately after June 30, 2023. Although the FCA does not expect these remaining LIBOR settings to become unrepresentative before the cessation date, there is no assurance that any of them will continue to be published or be representative through any particular date. 
 
 Accordingly, we have developed and implemented a LIBOR transition plan. We have added or adjusted fallback language for our Advances and Consolidated Obligations, have worked with our counterparties to address over-the-counter derivative agreements referencing U.S. dollar LIBOR, and will convert our LIBOR-linked MBS as a part of our LIBOR transition efforts. We continue to monitor the market-wide efforts to address fallback language related to derivatives and investment securities, as well as fallback language for new activities and issuances of financial instruments. Despite relief under recent legislation and proposed Congressional action addressing LIBOR cessation, the contractual consequences of LIBOR cessation for some existing LIBOR-indexed instruments may not be clear. As LIBOR has been a principal floating-rate benchmark in the financial markets, its cessation has affected, and will continue to affect, the financial markets and may also affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 In response to the cessation of LIBOR, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Alternative Reference Rates Committee (ARRC) established SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York publishes SOFR rates. SOFR is based on a broad segment of the overnight Treasury repurchase market and is intended to be a measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by Treasury securities. As the market activity in SOFR-linked financial instruments has continued to develop, we have offered SOFR-linked Consolidated Obligations and SOFR-linked Advances on an ongoing basis. In addition, we have been using SOFR-based derivatives to manage interest-rate risk, purchasing SOFR-linked MBS, and converted LIBOR-based derivatives with maturities after June 30, 2023 to SOFR. 
 
 The market transition away from LIBOR and towards SOFR or another alternate reference rate has been and is expected to continue to be complicated and may include the development of term and credit adjustments to accommodate differences between LIBOR and SOFR or any other alternate reference rate. During the market transition away from the remaining LIBOR settings, LIBOR may experience increased volatility, and the overnight Treasury repurchase market underlying SOFR may also experience disruptions from time to time, which may result in unexpected fluctuations in SOFR. Any disruption in the market transition away from LIBOR towards SOFR or another alternate reference rate could result in increased financial, operational, legal, reputational or compliance risks. We are not currently able to predict the ultimate impact the market transition away from LIBOR towards SOFR may have on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. See "Executive Overview" in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information about the replacement of LIBOR. 
 
 Failure to meet minimum capital adequacy requirements mandated by Finance Agency regulations and supervisory guidance could affect our ability to pay dividends or repurchase or redeem members' capital stock, which may cause a decrease in demand for Advances or difficulties in retaining existing members and attracting new members. 
 
 To ensure safe and sound operations, we must hold a minimum amount of capital relative to our asset levels. Additionally, we must also hold a sufficient amount of retained earnings to help protect members' capital stock investment against impairment risk. If we are unable to satisfy our minimum capital requirements, we would be subject to capital restoration requirements. Until the minimum capital levels have been restored, we would also be prohibited from paying dividends and redeeming or repurchasing capital stock without prior approval from the Finance Agency, which could adversely affect the value of membership in our company. For example, the competitiveness of our Advances depends on the total cost to members, which includes the rates we charge, dividends paid, and members' perceptions of our relative safety and soundness, among other things. Therefore, outcomes of failing to meet capital adequacy requirements may include reduced demand for Advances, decreased profitability, or difficulty in retaining members or attracting new members. 

MARKET AND LIQUIDITY RISK 
 
 Changes in interest rates and mortgage prepayment speeds (together referred to as market risk exposure or interest rate risk exposure) could significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Exposure of earnings to unhedged changes in interest rates and mortgage prepayment speeds is one of our largest ongoing residual risks. We derive most of our income from the interest earned on assets less the interest paid on Consolidated Obligations and deposits used to fund the assets. Spreads on our assets tend to be narrow compared to those of many other financial institutions due to our cooperative business model. Market conditions, yield curve shape, competitive forces, and market risk exposure could cause these already narrow asset spreads to decline, which could substantially reduce our profitability. A key spread relationship is that we tend to utilize Consolidated Discount Notes to fund a significant amount of assets that have adjustable-rates tied to a benchmark interest rate, such as SOFR, or historically LIBOR. Because rates on Discount Notes do not perfectly correlate with other adjustable benchmark interest rates, a narrowing of this spread, for example from investors changing perceptions about the quality of our debt, could lower income and reduce balances of Mission Assets and Activities. 
 
 We hedge mortgage assets with a combination of Consolidated Obligations and derivatives transactions. Interest rate movements can lower profitability in two primary ways: 1) directly due to their impact on earnings from cash flow mismatches between assets and liabilities; and 2) indirectly via their impact on prepayment speeds on our MBS investments and mortgages purchased under our MPP, which can unfavorably affect the cash flow mismatches. The effects on income can also include acceleration in the amortization of purchased premiums on mortgage assets. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Although we mitigate a large portion of our market risk exposure, a residual amount of market risk normally remains after incorporating risk management activities. Sharp increases or decreases in interest rates could adversely affect us and our stockholders by making dividend rates less competitive relative to the returns available to members on alternative investments. 
 
 In some extremely stressful scenarios, changes in interest rates and prepayment speeds could result in dividends being below stockholders' expectations for an extended period of time and/or market capitalization ratios falling below par, which could indicate potential impairment of member stock. In such a situation, members could engage in less Mission Assets and Activities and could request a withdrawal of capital. See "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Risk Management" in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information about market risk exposure. 
 
 Impaired access to the capital markets for debt issuance could decrease the amount of Mission Assets and Activities, lower earnings by raising debt costs and, at the extreme, prevent the System from meeting its financial obligations. 
 
 Our principal long-term source of funding, liquidity, and market risk management is through access on acceptable terms to the capital markets for participation in the issuances of debt securities and execution of derivative transactions at prices and yields that are adequate to support our business model. Our ability to obtain funds through the sale of Consolidated Obligations depends in part on prevailing conditions in the capital markets, particularly the short-term capital markets, because we and the System normally have a large reliance on short-term funding. The System's strong debt ratings, the implicit U.S. government backing of our debt, strong investor demand for FHLBank System debt, and effective funding management are instrumental in ensuring satisfactory access to the capital markets. 
 
 We are exposed to liquidity risk if significant disruptions in the capital markets occur. Although the System has been able to maintain access to the capital markets for debt issuances on acceptable terms in its history, there is no assurance this will continue to be the case. Future ability to effectively access the capital markets on acceptable terms could be adversely affected by external events (such as general economic and financial instabilities, political instability, wars, natural disasters, pandemics or other widespread health emergencies, civil unrest or other unanticipated or catastrophic events), deterioration in the perception of financial market participants about the financial strength of Consolidated Obligations, or downgrades to the System's credit ratings or the U.S. sovereign credit rating or outlook. For example, the failure by the U.S. Congress to adequately address its statutory debt limit in a timely manner, or uncertainty relating to the debt limit, could result in downgrades to the U.S. sovereign credit rating or outlook and cause significant disruptions in the capital markets. The System could also be affected by the continued changes in the capital markets in response to financial regulations and by the joint and several liability for Consolidated Obligations, which exposes the System as a whole to events at individual FHLBanks. If access to capital markets were to be impaired for an extended period, the effect on our financial condition and results of operations could be material. At the extreme, the System's ability to achieve its mission and satisfy its financial obligations could be threatened. 

CREDIT RISK 
 
 We are exposed to credit risk that, if realized, could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We believe we have a de minimis overall amount of residual credit risk exposure. However, we can make no assurances that credit losses could not materially affect our financial condition or results of operations in all scenarios. 
 
 The FHLB is primarily an asset-based lender for Advances and Letters of Credit. Advances and Letters of Credit are over-collateralized and we have a perfected security interest on all pledged collateral. However, we do not have full information on the characteristics of, nor do we estimate current market values on, a large portion of non-securities collateral subject to a blanket pledge. This results in a degree of uncertainty as to the precise amount of over-collateralization. 
 
 Our MPP consists of mortgage loans considered to have high credit quality and conservative underwriting and loan characteristics with additional credit enhancements in place designed to protect us against credit losses. The result has been a minimal amount of credit losses historically. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Although Advances and Letters of Credit are over-collateralized and mortgage loans in the MPP are of high credit quality with various credit enhancements, credit risk could increase under a number adverse scenarios, such as damage or destruction of collateral that members pledge to secure Credit Services or mortgages that we hold in the MPP as a result of natural disasters, which may be caused by the effects of climate change or other catastrophic events. Significant declines in the value of collateral pledged to secure Credit Services could lead to greater exposure to credit losses in the event of a member default. Additionally, significant and sustained reductions in home prices and sustained elevated levels of unemployment and other factors that influence delinquencies and defaults could increase the risk of credit losses in the MPP. 
 
 Some of our liquidity investments are unsecured, as are uncollateralized portions of certain derivatives. We make unsecured liquidity investments in and transact derivatives with highly rated, investment-grade institutions, have conservative limits on dollar and maturity exposure to each institution, and have strong credit underwriting practices. Failure of an investment or derivative counterparty with which we have a large unsecured position could have a material adverse effect on our financial conditions and results of operations. To the extent we engage in derivative transactions required to be cleared under provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act), we may be exposed to nonperformance from central clearinghouses and Futures Commission Merchants. 
 
 Financial institutions are increasingly inter-related as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, and other relationships. As a result, actual or potential defaults of one or more financial institutions could lead to market-wide disruptions that could impact our financial condition or results of operations and make it difficult for us to find qualified counterparties for transactions. 
 
 Financial difficulties at other FHLBanks could require us to provide financial assistance to another FHLBank, which could adversely affect our results of operations or our financial condition. 
 
 Each FHLBank has a joint and several liability for principal and interest payments on Consolidated Obligations, which are backed only by the financial resources of the FHLBanks. Although no FHLBank has ever defaulted on its principal or interest share of an Obligation, there can be no assurance that this will continue to be the case. Financial performance issues could require our FHLB to provide financial assistance to one or more other FHLBanks, for example, by making a payment on an Obligation on behalf of another FHLBank. Such assistance could adversely affect our financial condition, earnings, ability to pay dividends, or ability to redeem or repurchase capital stock. 

OPERATIONAL RISK 
 
 Failures or interruptions of the Office of Finance's services could disrupt the ability to conduct and manage our business. 
 
 The Office of Finance is a joint office of the FHLBanks established to facilitate the issuance and servicing of Consolidated Obligations, among other things. Pursuant to Finance Agency regulations, the Office of Finance, often in conjunction with the FHLBanks, has adopted policies and procedures for the purposes of facilitating and approving the issuance of Consolidation Obligations. A failure or interruption of the Office of Finance's services as a result of breaches, cyberattacks, or technological risks could negatively affect the business operations of each FHLBank, including disruptions to the FHLBanks' access to funding through the sale of Consolidated Obligations. Although the Office of Finance has business continuity and security incident response plans in place, our business operations could be constrained, disrupted or otherwise negatively affected if the Office of Finance was not able to perform its functions for a period of time. 
 
 Failures or interruptions in our information systems and other technologies, financial and business models, and third-party vendors could harm our financial condition, results of operations, reputation, and relations with members. 
 
 As a financial institution, we rely heavily on internal and third-party information systems and other technology to manage our business, including the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential borrower and financial information in computer systems and networks. For instance, due to our reliance on the book-entry system of the Federal Reserve Banks for debt issuance and servicing operations, we depend on them and their fiscal agent, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and one or more settlement agents to issue and make payments of principal and interest on Consolidated Obligations. Failures in information systems and other technologies could occur from human error, fraud, cyberattacks, errors or misuse of models and services we employ, lapses in operating processes, or natural or man-made disasters. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Computer systems, software and networks are increasingly more vulnerable to failures and interruptions from cyberattacks, which may include breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious or destructive code (such as ransomware) and other events against information owned by our company and customers. These failures and interruptions could jeopardize the confidentiality or integrity of information, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in operations. Additionally, threats of cyber terrorism, external extremist parties, including state-sponsored actors, result in heightened risk exposure. These threats may increase as a result of geopolitical conflicts. The techniques used in cyberattacks change frequently and have grown increasingly sophisticated, and these attacks or ensuing security breaches could persist for an extended period of time before being detected. It could take considerable time for us to determine the scope, extent, amount, and type of information compromised. We can make no assurance that we will be able to prevent, timely and adequately address, or mitigate failures, interruptions, or cyberattacks in information systems and other technology. If we experience a failure, interruption, or cyberattack in any of these systems, we may be unable to effectively conduct or manage business activities, operating processes, and risk management, which could significantly harm customer relations, our reputation, and operating costs, potentially resulting in material adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to foresee, prevent, mitigate, reverse or repair the negative effects of such failures, interruptions, cyberattacks, or cyber terrorism. 
 
 Natural disasters, including those resulting from significant climate change, could adversely affect our business and our members businesses. 
 
 Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, wild fire, and drought may impact our operations or our members businesses. Climate change is increasing the frequency, intensity and duration of these weather events. These natural disasters, including those resulting from significant climate change, could destroy or damage facilities or other properties (such as collateral that members have pledged to secure Advances or mortgages), disrupt business, increase the probability of power or other outages, or otherwise cause significant economic dislocation in the affected regions. Any of these situations may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our financial condition and results of operations could suffer if we are unable to hire and retain skilled key personnel. 
 
 We rely on key personnel for many of our functions and have a relatively small workforce, given the size and complexity of our business. The success of our mission depends, in large part, on the ability to attract and retain key personnel. We must continue to recruit, retain and motivate a qualified and diverse pool of employees, both to maintain our current business, and to execute strategic initiatives. Beginning in 2021, we have experienced higher employee turnover and increased competition in hiring and retaining skilled key personnel as the COVID-19 pandemic brought about significant disruptions and changes to the U.S. labor market. Increased remote-working opportunities have also increased competition in hiring and retaining skilled key personnel. Failure to attract and retain skilled key personnel or ineffective succession planning related to key personnel could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 Our primary offices are located in approximately 79,000 square feet of leased space in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio. We also maintain a leased, fully functioning, back-up facility in suburban Cincinnati. We believe that our facilities are in good condition, well maintained, and adequate for our current needs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 From time to time, we are subject to various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. Management does not anticipate that the ultimate liability, if any, arising out of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 By law our stock is not publicly traded, and only our members (and former members with a withdrawal notice pending) may own our stock. The par value of our capital stock is 100 per share. As of February 28, 2023, we had 628 member and former member stockholders and approximately 48 million shares of capital stock outstanding, all of which were Class B Stock. 
 
 Generally, the Board of Directors has discretion to declare or not declare dividends and to determine the rate of any dividend declared. Our policy states that dividends for a quarter are declared and paid from retained earnings after the close of a calendar quarter and are based on average stock balances for the then closed quarter. The Board of Directors' decision to declare dividends is influenced by the financial condition, overall financial performance and retained earnings of the FHLB, and actual and anticipated developments in the overall economic and financial environment including interest rates and the mortgage and credit markets. The dividend rate is generally referenced as a spread to average short-term interest rates experienced during the quarter to help assess a competitive level for our stockholders. In 2022, 2021, and 2020 we declared quarterly cash dividends. 
 
 We may not declare a dividend if, at the time, we are not in compliance with all of our capital requirements. We also may not declare or pay a dividend if, after distributing the dividend, we would fail to meet any of our capital requirements or if we determine that the dividend would create a safety and soundness issue for the FHLB. See Note 11 of the Notes to the Financial Statements for additional information regarding our capital stock. 

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 
 
 We provide Letters of Credit in the ordinary course of business to support members' obligations issued in support of unaffiliated, third-party offerings of notes, bonds or other securities. We provided 11 million, 2 million and 1 million of such credit support during 2022, 2021 and 2020. To the extent that these Letters of Credit are securities for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, their issuance is exempt from registration pursuant to Section 3(a)(2) thereof. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 
 This discussion and analysis of the FHLB's financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and related Notes to Financial Statements contained in this Form 10-K. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Business Environment 
 During 2022, concerns about inflation and interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve, continued economic pressures related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the prolonged hostilities between Russia and Ukraine were dominant themes causing market volatility. Additionally, in March 2023 the failure of two banks outside of the Fifth District created stress for the banking industry and the financial markets, which led to further uncertainty about future interest rate expectations and the Federal Reserve's introduction of the Bank Term Funding Program to help stabilize the markets. Despite these challenges, we have continued to fulfill our mission of providing robust access to a key source of readily available and competitively priced wholesale funding to member financial institutions and supporting our commitment to affordable housing and community investment. For example, in connection with the March 2023 bank failures outside of the Fifth District, we continued to provide uninterrupted access to additional Advances to deliver liquidity to our members in the days following these bank failures. In addition to the required Affordable Housing Program (AHP) assessment and our voluntary sponsorship of two other housing programs, we demonstrated our commitment to affordable housing with a 3 million voluntary contribution to our AHP in the third quarter. 
 
 Our capital and liquidity positions continue to remain strong, as has our overall ability to fund operations through the issuance of Consolidated Obligations at acceptable interest costs, including most recently during the market volatility in March 2023. Additionally, overall residual credit risk exposure from our Credit Services, mortgage loan portfolio, investments, and derivative transactions has remained de minimis. Our market risk measures continue to be within our risk appetite. We continue to monitor the changing economic landscape and effects of inflation, recent bank failures, the COVID-19 pandemic and the ensuing market volatility and are committed to assisting members in meeting their funding needs as these events continue to unfold. 
 
 Finance Agency's Review and Analysis of the FHLBank System 
 On July 20, 2022, Finance Agency Director Sandra Thompson testified to the U.S. House Committee on Financial Services that the Finance Agency would conduct a review and analysis of the FHLBank System. As part of its review and analysis, the Finance Agency has held a series of public listening sessions and regional roundtable discussions, and has requested written comments from stakeholders. The review has been examining matters covering such areas as the FHLBanks adequate fulfillment of their mission and purpose in a changing marketplace; their organization, operational efficiency, and effectiveness; their role in promoting affordable, sustainable, equitable, and resilient housing and community investment; their role in addressing the unique needs of rural and financially vulnerable communities; member products, services, and collateral requirements; and membership eligibility and requirements. We anticipate that the Finance Agency's review and analysis will culminate in a written report. The report may involve recommendations for changes related to a number of areas such as the FHLBanks' fulfillment of their mission, membership requirements, contributions to affordable housing and support to community investment and may lead to recommendations for statutory revisions, proposals for new or modified regulations, regulatory guidance under existing regulations, and/or other regulatory or supervisory actions consistent with the Finance Agency's statutory authority. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 
 Mission Assets and Activities 
 Primary Mission Assets (i.e., principal balances of Advances and mortgage loans held for portfolio) and Supplemental Mission Activities (i.e., Letters of Credit, Mandatory Delivery Contracts and standby bond purchase agreements) are the primary means by which we fulfill our mission with direct connections to members and what we refer to as Mission Assets and Activities. We regularly monitor our concentration of Mission Assets and Activities. One measure we use to assess mission achievement is our Primary Mission Asset ratio, which measures the sum of average Advances and mortgage loans as a percentage of average Consolidated Obligations (adjusted for certain high-quality liquid assets, as permitted by regulation). In 2022, the Primary Mission Asset ratio averaged 73 percent, above the Finance Agency's preferred ratio of 70 percent. In assessing overall mission achievement, we also consider supplemental sources of Mission Assets and Activities, the most significant of which is Letters of Credit issued for the benefit of members. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our Mission Assets and Activities. 
 Year Ended December 31, Ending Balances Average Balances (In millions) 2022 2021 2022 2021 Primary Mission Assets (1) : 
 Advances 67,428 22,954 52,367 23,721 Mortgage loans held for portfolio 7,006 7,402 7,263 7,931 Total Primary Mission Assets 74,434 30,356 59,630 31,652 Supplemental Mission Activities (2) : 
 Letters of Credit (notional) 41,345 34,637 36,887 33,922 Mandatory Delivery Contracts (notional) 14 250 45 249 Standby bond purchase agreements (notional) 11 27 15 31 Total Supplemental Mission Activities 41,370 34,914 36,947 34,202 
 (1) Amounts represent principal balances. 
 (2) Amounts represent off-balance sheet commitments. 
 
 Advance principal balances increased 44.5 billion (194 percent) from year-end 2021. Additionally, average principal Advance balances for 2022 increased 28.6 billion (121 percent) compared to 2021. The increase in Advances resulted primarily from depository members' greater demand for liquidity, especially short-term Advances. A decline in some members' deposit balances and loan growth contributed in part to the higher liquidity demand. 
 
 Advance balances are often volatile given our members' ability to quickly, normally on the same day, increase or decrease their amount of Advances. We believe that a key benefit of membership comes from our business model as a wholesale lender GSE, which provides members flexibility in their Advance funding levels and helps support their asset-liability management needs. We act as a readily available source of funding for our members. Our business model is designed to support significant changes in asset levels without having to undergo material changes in staffing, operations, risk practices, or general resource needs. A key reason for this scalability is that our Capital Plan provides for additional capital when Advances grow and the opportunity for us to retire capital when Advances decline, thereby acting, along with our efficient level of operating expenses, to preserve competitive profitability. 
 
 The MPP principal balance declined 0.4 billion (five percent) from the year-end 2021 balance. During 2022, we purchased 0.7 billion of mortgage loans, while principal reductions were 1.1 billion. Principal reductions in 2022 trended much lower than the reductions in 2021 reflecting the rise in mortgage rates. 
 
 Letters of Credit rose 6.7 billion (19 percent) from year-end 2021. Letters of Credit balances began increasing in the second half of 2020 and have remained strong primarily because of members using them to secure elevated levels of public unit deposits. We normally earn fees on Letters of Credit based on the actual average amount of the Letters utilized, which generally is less than the notional amount issued. 
 
 Investments 
 The balance of investments at December 31, 2022 was 33.6 billion, an increase of 4.2 billion (14 percent) from year-end 2021. At December 31, 2022, investments included 16.6 billion of MBS and 17.0 billion of other investments, which consisted primarily of highly-rated short-term instruments and longer-term U.S. Treasury and GSE obligations held for liquidity. All of our MBS held at December 31, 2022 were issued and guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. 
 
 Investments averaged 38.7 billion in 2022, an increase of 10.6 billion (38 percent) compared to the average in 2021, which was driven by higher liquidity investments and MBS. The ending and average balances of MBS rose given our increased authority to purchase MBS, which was a result of the higher regulatory capital balance in support of Advance borrowings. The majority of the 7.7 billion of MBS purchased were variable-rate products indexed to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). The increase in average liquidity investments was driven by holding more liquidity throughout 2022 in light of the increased Advance demand, which has been concentrated in short-term Advances and somewhat volatile. Liquidity investments can vary significantly on a daily basis during times of volatility in Advance balances. We maintained a robust amount of asset 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 liquidity throughout 2022 across a variety of liquidity measures, as discussed in the "Liquidity Risk" section of "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Risk Management." 
 
 Capital 
 Capital adequacy surpassed all minimum regulatory capital requirements in 2022. The GAAP and regulatory capital-to-assets ratios at December 31, 2022 were 5.99 percent and 6.05 percent, respectively. Both ratios exceeded the regulatory required minimum of four percent. Regulatory capital includes mandatorily redeemable capital stock accounted for as a liability under GAAP. GAAP and regulatory capital increased 2.7 billion and 2.8 billion, respectively, from year-end 2021. The increase in capital was driven by purchases of capital stock to support Advance activity in 2022. Retained earnings totaled 1.4 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of eight percent from year-end 2021. We believe the amount of retained earnings is sufficient to protect against members' impairment risk of their capital stock investment in the FHLB and to provide the opportunity to stabilize or increase future dividends. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Overall Results 
 Our earnings over time reflect the combination of a stable business model and conservative management of risk. Key market driven factors that can cause significant periodic volatility in our profitability are changes in the level of interest rates, changes in spreads between benchmark interest rates and our short-term funding costs, recognition of net amortization from accelerated prepayments of mortgage assets, and fair value adjustments related to the use of derivatives and the associated hedged items. Our profitability may also be affected by our members' overall Advance demand, which is largely influenced by the monetary policies of the U.S. government and its agencies, including the Federal Reserve, and general economic conditions. The table below summarizes our results of operations. 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income 252 42 276 Affordable Housing Program assessments 29 5 31 Return on average equity (ROE) 4.78 1.08 5.78 Return on average assets 0.25 0.07 0.31 Weighted average dividend rate 4.31 2.00 2.23 Dividend payout ratio (1) 
 57.1 126.8 30.3 Average overnight interest rates (2) 
 1.67 0.06 0.37 ROE spread to average overnight interest rates 3.11 1.02 5.41 Dividend rate spread to average overnight interest rates 2.64 1.94 1.86 
 (1) Dividend payout ratio is dividends declared in the period as a percentage of net income. 
 (2) Average overnight interest rates consist of SOFR and the Federal funds effective rate. 
 
 Net income increased 210 million in 2022. The increase in net income in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily a result of the rising interest rate environment and significantly higher average Advance and investment balances. For example, higher average short-term interest rates increased the earnings generated from investing the FHLB's capital and improved the spreads earned on mortgage loans. Additionally, higher mortgage rates resulted in a lower volume of mortgage refinance activity, which reduced premium amortization. However, the increase in profitability was partially offset by unrealized losses on certain derivatives and other financial instruments carried at fair value. 
 
 In 2022, we accrued 29 million for the AHP pool of funds, which will be available to members in 2023. In September 2022, our Board of Directors affirmed its commitment to affordable housing by electing to make a voluntary AHP contribution of 3 million in addition to the 29 million annual AHP assessment. This contribution was included with our 2022 AHP awards in order to increase access to affordable housing throughout the Fifth District. In addition to the required AHP assessment and the voluntary AHP contribution, we provided voluntary sponsorship of two other housing programs. These programs provided funds to cover accessibility and emergency repairs for special needs and elderly homeowners and funds for the replacement or repair of homes damaged or destroyed by natural disasters within the Fifth District. 
 
 In December 2022, we paid stockholders a quarterly dividend at a 6.00 percent annualized rate on their capital investment in our company, which is 2.36 percentage points above fourth quarter average overnight interest rates. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Effect of Interest Rate Environment 
 Trends in market interest rates and the resulting shapes of the market yield curves strongly influence our results of operations and profitability because of how they affect members' demand for Mission Assets and Activities, spreads on assets, funding costs and decisions in managing the tradeoffs in our market risk/return profile. The following table presents key market interest rates (obtained from Bloomberg L.P.). 
 Year 2022 Year 2021 Year 2020 Ending Average Ending Average Ending Average Federal funds effective 
 4.33 1.69 0.07 0.08 0.09 0.37 SOFR 4.30 1.65 0.05 0.04 0.09 0.37 3-month LIBOR 4.77 2.39 0.21 0.16 0.24 0.65 2-year LIBOR 4.71 3.27 0.94 0.38 0.20 0.49 10-year LIBOR 3.84 3.00 1.58 1.45 0.93 0.88 2-year U.S. Treasury 4.43 2.98 0.73 0.26 0.12 0.39 10-year U.S. Treasury 
 3.88 2.95 1.51 1.43 0.92 0.89 15-year mortgage current coupon (1) 
 4.71 3.60 1.41 1.21 0.71 1.21 30-year mortgage current coupon (1) 
 5.39 4.25 2.07 1.84 1.34 1.69 
 Year 2022 by Quarter - Average Quarter 1 Quarter 2 Quarter 3 Quarter 4 Federal funds effective 0.12 0.77 2.18 3.65 SOFR 0.09 0.71 2.13 3.62 3-month LIBOR 0.51 1.51 2.99 4.51 2-year LIBOR 1.63 3.03 3.67 4.73 10-year LIBOR 2.01 2.99 3.15 3.82 2-year U.S. Treasury 1.43 2.71 3.36 4.39 10-year U.S. Treasury 1.93 2.92 3.08 3.82 15-year mortgage current coupon (1) 
 2.17 3.49 3.91 4.81 30-year mortgage current coupon (1) 
 2.83 4.16 4.53 5.45 
 (1) Current coupon rate of Fannie Mae par MBS indications. 
 
 During 2022, the Federal Reserve responded to inflationary concerns by increasing the target overnight Federal funds rate and indicating further expected rate hikes. At December 31, 2022 the target overnight Federal funds rate was in the range of 4.25 to 4.50 percent, a significant increase from the range of zero to 0.25 percent at December 31, 2021. In February 2023, the Federal Reserve increased the target overnight Federal funds rate by 0.25 percent to a range of 4.50 to 4.75 percent. 
 
 Average overnight rates were approximately 160 basis points higher in 2022 compared to 2021, while average mortgage rates increased approximately 240 basis points. The increase in short-term rates improved our earnings from capital by 95 million in 2022. Additionally, the substantial increase in mortgage rates in 2022 benefited net income as it resulted in fewer homeowners refinancing, which decreased the amount of principal prepayments and lowered the associated premium amortization. 
 
 During 2022, as in 2021, the market risk exposure to changing interest rates was moderate overall and well within policy limits. We believe that longer-term profitability will be competitive, unless interest rates were to further increase significantly for a sustained period of time. In the short-term, profitability could begin to decrease if long-term interest rates decline more than 200 basis points, leading to modestly faster prepayments of mortgage assets. 
 
 Regulatory and Legislative Developments 
 
 General 
 The FHLBank System is subject to legislative and regulatory oversight. Legislative and regulatory actions applicable, directly or indirectly, to the FHLBank System in the last decade have increased uncertainty regarding the business model and membership base under which the FHLBanks may operate in the future. This is due primarily to the uncertainty around potential actions related to the Finance Agency's review of the FHLBank System, future GSE reform, and the evolution of mortgage financing moving towards financial institutions currently not eligible for FHLBank membership. We cannot predict 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 the ultimate outcome of the FHLBank System review, GSE reform and whether our membership base will be legislatively and regulatorily permitted to evolve in concert with the housing finance market. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for more discussion. 
 
 LIBOR Transition Update 
 
 We are planning for the replacement of LIBOR and the establishment of SOFR as the recommended alternative to LIBOR. Under the July 2017 and March 2021 announcements by the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings ceased to be provided by any administrator and were no longer representative as of January 1, 2022. The remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative immediately after June 30, 2023. Although the FCA does not expect these remaining LIBOR settings to become unrepresentative before the cessation date, there is no assurance that any of them will continue to be published or be representative through any particular date. 
 
 In March 2022, the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (LIBOR Act) was signed into law. The LIBOR Act provides a national, uniform approach to legacy contracts with inadequate or unworkable fallback provisions commencing from the LIBOR replacement date. For relevant contracts, the LIBOR Act will automatically impose a rate selected by the Federal Reserve Board based upon SOFR including any applicable tenor spread adjustment. The legislation also includes a safe harbor against liability for parties with contractual discretion who choose the Federal Reserve Board's SOFR-based rate to replace LIBOR. In December 2022, the Federal Reserve Board adopted a final rule that implements the LIBOR Act. For example, the rule identifies separate Federal Reserve Board-selected replacement rates for derivatives transactions, covered GSE contracts, and all other covered contracts. 
 
 In preparation for the replacement of LIBOR, we have developed and implemented a LIBOR transition plan to remediate our LIBOR-linked financial instruments and contracts. We have added or adjusted fallback language for our Advances, have worked with our counterparties to address over-the-counter derivative agreements referencing U.S. dollar LIBOR, and will convert LIBOR-linked MBS as part of our LIBOR transition efforts. We have offered SOFR-linked Consolidated Obligations and SOFR-linked Advances on an ongoing basis. In addition, we have been using SOFR-based derivatives to manage interest-rate risk, purchasing SOFR-linked MBS, and converted LIBOR-based interest rate swaps with maturities after June 30, 2023 to SOFR. Collectively, we believe these efforts have reduced our LIBOR exposure and have kept us on track for the full replacement of LIBOR. 
 
 The following table presents our remaining LIBOR-indexed Advances, investment securities and derivatives at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, all of our variable rate Consolidated Obligations were linked to SOFR. 
 (In millions) Maturing on or before June 30, 2023 Maturing after June 30, 2023 LIBOR-Indexed Variable Rate Financial Instruments Advances by redemption term 5 3,007 MBS by contractual maturity (1) 
 3,472 Total principal amount 5 6,479 Derivatives, notional amount by termination date 265 155 
 (1) MBS are presented by contractual maturity; however, their expected maturities will likely differ from contractual maturities as borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment fees. 
 
 The market transition away from LIBOR towards SOFR is complicated, including the possible development of term structures and credit adjustments to accommodate differences between LIBOR and SOFR and the potential introduction of other alternative reference rates. However, we believe our LIBOR transition plan has effectively positioned us for the full replacement of LIBOR and has reduced the risk of adverse effects the transition may have on our business. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Credit Services 
 
 Credit Activity and Advance Composition 
 The tables below show trends in Advance balances by major programs and in the notional amount of Letters of Credit. 
 (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Balance Percent (1) 
 Balance Percent (1) 
 Adjustable/Variable Rate-Indexed: LIBOR 3,012 4 3,295 14 SOFR 10,170 15 123 1 Other 2,785 4 163 1 Total 15,967 23 3,581 16 Fixed-Rate: Repurchase based (REPO) 26,436 39 3,980 17 Regular Fixed-Rate 19,505 29 9,773 42 Putable (2) 
 1,020 2 2,467 11 Amortizing/Mortgage Matched 1,358 2 1,533 7 Other 3,142 5 1,620 7 Total 51,461 77 19,373 84 Total Advances Principal 67,428 100 22,954 100 Letters of Credit (notional) (3) 
 41,345 34,637 
 (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 Balance Percent (1) 
 Balance Percent (1) 
 Balance Percent (1) 
 Balance Percent (1) 
 Adjustable/Variable-Rate Indexed: 
 LIBOR 3,012 4 3,110 5 3,292 6 3,292 10 SOFR 10,170 15 11,864 20 7,169 13 426 1 Other 2,785 4 3,733 6 2,855 5 174 1 Total 15,967 23 18,707 31 13,316 24 3,892 12 Fixed-Rate: Repurchase based (REPO) 26,436 39 20,018 33 24,852 44 14,496 43 Regular Fixed-Rate 19,505 29 15,941 27 13,061 23 9,656 29 Putable (2) 
 1,020 2 1,450 2 1,240 2 2,342 7 Amortizing/Mortgage Matched 
 1,358 2 1,399 2 1,433 3 1,464 4 Other 3,142 5 2,666 5 2,100 4 1,800 5 Total 51,461 77 41,474 69 42,686 76 29,758 88 Total Advances Principal 67,428 100 60,181 100 56,002 100 33,650 100 Letters of Credit (notional) (3) 
 41,345 39,002 37,009 33,813 
 (1) As a percentage of total Advances principal. 
 (2) Excludes Putable Advances where the related put options have expired or where the Advance is indexed to a variable-rate. These Advances are classified based on their current terms. 
 (3) Represents the amount of an off-balance sheet obligation. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Advance principal balances at December 31, 2022 increased 194 percent compared to year-end 2021. The increase in Advances resulted primarily from depository members' greater demand for liquidity, which was due in part to a decline in some members' deposit balances and loan growth. The decline in deposit balances was primarily driven by inflationary pressures and higher interest rates, which resulted in a more competitive deposit market and ultimately deposit outflows at some members. In March 2023, member demand for Advances accelerated in response to the stress placed on the banking industry and financial markets. Although Advance balances have increased, much of the demand has been for short-term Advances, which are often volatile as members' funding needs may change quickly. The future levels of Advance balances is difficult to predict and depends on many factors, including but not limited to, changes in the level of liquidity in the financial markets, changes in our members' deposit levels compared to loan growth and whether an economic downturn occurs. 
 
 Letters of Credit are issued on behalf of members to support certain obligations of members (or members' customers) to third-party beneficiaries. Letters of Credit were elevated throughout 2021 and increased an additional 6.7 billion (19 percent) in 2022 as members continue to primarily use them to secure higher levels of public unit deposits. Letters of Credit usually expire without being drawn upon. 
 
 Advance Usage 
 In addition to analyzing Advance balances by dollar trends, we monitor the degree to which members use Advances to fund their balance sheets. The following table shows the unweighted, average ratio of each member's Advance balance to its most-recently available figures for total assets. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Average Advances-to-assets for members Assets less than 1.0 billion (487 members) 2.43 1.46 Assets over 1.0 billion (129 members) 3.38 1.50 All members 2.63 1.47 
 
 The following table shows Advance usage of members by charter type. 
 (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Principal Amount of Advances Percent of Total Principal Amount of Advances Principal Amount of Advances Percent of Total Principal Amount of Advances Commercial Banks 44,334 66 7,258 32 Savings Institutions 7,637 11 4,262 18 Credit Unions 3,933 6 1,323 6 Insurance Companies 11,501 17 10,073 44 Total member Advances 67,405 100 22,916 100 Former member borrowings 23 38 Total principal amount of Advances 67,428 100 22,954 100 
 34 

Table of Contents 

The following tables present principal balances for the five members with the largest Advance borrowings. 
 (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Name Principal Amount of Advances Percent of Total Principal Amount of Advances Name Principal Amount of Advances Percent of Total Principal Amount of Advances U.S. Bank, N.A. 19,000 28 U.S. Bank, N.A. 3,272 14 Keybank, N.A. 11,344 17 Third Federal Savings and Loan Association 
 3,179 14 Third Federal Savings and Loan Association 4,826 7 Protective Life Insurance Company 2,800 12 Fifth Third Bank 4,301 6 Nationwide Life Insurance Company 2,702 12 Nationwide Life Insurance Company 3,136 5 Western-Southern Life Assurance Co. 1,487 6 Total of Top 5 42,607 63 Total of Top 5 13,440 58 
 
 We believe that having large financial institutions that actively use our products augments the value of membership to all members. For example, such activity improves our operating efficiency, increases our earnings and thereby contributions to housing and community investment programs. This activity may enable us to obtain more favorable funding costs, and helps us maintain competitively priced products. 
 
 Mortgage Loans Held for Portfolio (Mortgage Purchase Program, or MPP) 
 
 MPP balances are influenced by conditions in the housing and mortgage markets, the competitiveness of prices we offer to purchase loans as well as program features, and activity from our largest sellers. Our ongoing strategy for the MPP has two components: 1) increase the number of regular sellers and participants in the program; and 2) manage purchases and balances at a prudent level relative to capital and total assets to effectively manage market and credit risks consistent with our risk appetite. 
 
 The table below shows principal purchases and reductions of loans in the MPP for each of the last two years. All loans acquired in 2022 and 2021 were conventional loans. 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 Balance, beginning of year 7,402 9,316 Principal purchases 714 1,671 Principal reductions (1,110) (3,585) Balance, end of year 7,006 7,402 
 
 We closely track the refinancing incentives of our mortgage assets (including loans in the MPP and MBS) because the option for homeowners to change their principal payments normally represents the largest portion of our market risk exposure and can affect MPP balances. MPP principal paydowns decreased in 2022 to an 11 percent annual constant prepayment rate, compared to the 34 percent rate during 2021, driven by the sharp increase in mortgage rates. Likewise, the increase in mortgage rates substantially slowed the purchases of new MPP loans in 2022. 
 
 Overall, MPP yields on new purchases and existing portfolio balances, relative to their market and credit risks, are expected to continue to generate a profitable long-term return. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables show the percentage of principal balances from Participating Financial Institutions (PFIs) supplying five percent or more of total principal and the percentage of principal balances from all other PFIs. As shown below, MPP activity is concentrated amongst a few members. 
 (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Principal of Total Principal of Total Union Savings Bank 1,651 24 Union Savings Bank 1,841 25 FirstBank 730 10 FirstBank 565 8 Guardian Savings Bank FSB 438 6 Guardian Savings Bank FSB 524 7 All others 4,187 60 All others 4,472 60 Total 7,006 100 Total 7,402 100 
 
 Housing and Community Investment 
 
 In 2022, we accrued 29 million of earnings for the AHP, which will be awarded to members in 2023. In addition to the annual AHP assessment, our Board made a voluntary AHP contribution of 3 million, which was included in the 2022 AHP awards. The AHP consists of a Competitive Program and a homeownership program called Welcome Home, which assists homebuyers with down payments and closing costs. 
 
 Including funds available in 2022 from previous years, we had 12.5 million available for the Competitive Program in 2022, which we awarded to 48 projects through a single competitive offering. In addition, we disbursed over 2.6 million to 145 members on behalf of 559 homebuyers through the Welcome Home Program, which assists homebuyers with down payments and closing costs. 
 
 Additionally, in 2022, our Board committed 1.0 million to the Carol M. Peterson Housing Fund, which helped 137 homeowners, and continued its commitment to the Disaster Reconstruction Program. Both are voluntary programs beyond the 10 percent of earnings that we are required by law to set aside for the AHP. 
 
 Our activities to support affordable housing and economic development also include offering Advances and loans through the AHP, Community Investment Program, Economic Development Program and Zero Interest Rate Fund with below-market interest rates and, in some cases, rates as low as zero percent. At the end of 2022, Advance balances under these programs totaled 194 million. 
 
 In 2022, approximately 29 percent of members applied for funding under our Housing and Community Investment programs. 
 
 Investments 
 
 The table below presents the ending and average balances of our investment portfolio. 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 Ending Balance Average Balance Ending Balance Average Balance Liquidity investments 17,028 24,608 18,589 18,576 MBS 16,577 13,678 10,803 9,186 Other investments (1) 
 444 340 Total investments 33,605 38,730 29,392 28,102 
 (1) The average balance includes the rights or obligations to cash collateral, which are included in the fair value of derivative assets or derivative liabilities on the Statements of Condition at period end. 
 
 Liquidity investments are either short-term (primarily overnight), or longer-term investments that may be sold and converted to cash. Under our regulatory requirements, liquidity includes certain high-quality liquid assets, which are defined as uncommitted U.S. Treasury obligations with remaining maturities of 10 years or less held as trading securities or available-for-sale securities. It is normal for liquidity investments to vary by up to several billion dollars on a daily basis. Liquidity investment levels can vary significantly based on changes in the amount of actual Advances, anticipated demand for Advances, regulatory liquidity requirements, the availability of acceptable net spreads, and the number of eligible counterparties that meet our unsecured credit risk criteria. The average balance of liquidity investments in 2022 increased 6.0 billion (32 percent) compared to the average 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 balance in 2021 because of additional liquidity investments being held in light of the increased level and volatility of Advance demand as previously described. 
 
 Our overarching strategy for balances of MBS is to keep holdings as close as possible to the regulatory maximum. Finance Agency regulations prohibit us from purchasing MBS if our investment in these securities exceeds three times regulatory capital on the day we intend to purchase the securities. The ratio of MBS to regulatory capital was 2.56 at December 31, 2022. Although we purchased 7.7 billion of MBS in 2022, the MBS ratio was still below our preference to hold it near the three times regulatory maximum primarily because of the rapid increase in regulatory capital, which was driven by purchases of capital stock to support Advance activity. 
 
 The balance of MBS at December 31, 2022 consisted of 15.4 billion of securities issued by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac (of which 12.5 billion were floating-rate securities), and 1.2 billion of securities issued by Ginnie Mae (which are primarily fixed rate). 
 The table below shows principal purchases and paydowns of our MBS for each of the last two years. The majority of the purchases were variable-rate MBS linked to SOFR. 
 (In millions) MBS Principal 2022 2021 Balance, beginning of year 10,795 9,745 Principal purchases 7,726 3,837 Principal paydowns (1,723) (2,787) Balance, end of year 16,798 10,795 
 
 As mortgage rates rose in 2022, MBS principal paydowns decreased to a 12 percent annual constant prepayment rate from the 26 percent rate experienced in all of 2021. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Obligations 
 
 We fund variable-rate assets with Discount Notes (a portion of which may be swapped), adjustable-rate Bonds, and swapped fixed-rate Bonds because they give us the ability to effectively match the underlying rate reset periods embedded in these assets. The balances and composition of our Consolidated Obligations tend to fluctuate with changes in the balances and composition of our assets. In addition, changes in the amount and composition of our funding may be necessary from time to time to meet the days of positive liquidity and asset/liability maturity funding gap requirements discussed in the "Liquidity Risk" section of "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Risk Management." 
 
 The table below presents the ending and average balances of our participations in Consolidated Obligations. 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 Ending Balance Average Balance Ending Balance Average Balance Discount Notes: Unswapped 19,825 24,931 19,418 22,933 Swapped 21,183 21,692 10,426 3,156 Total par Discount Notes 41,008 46,623 29,844 26,089 Other items (1) 
 (317) (173) (6) (1) Total Discount Notes 40,691 46,450 29,838 26,088 Bonds: Unswapped fixed-rate 13,280 14,078 16,112 18,840 Unswapped adjustable-rate (2) 
 39,621 22,834 850 6,710 Swapped fixed-rate 6,842 7,062 7,627 2,737 Total par Bonds 59,743 43,974 24,589 28,287 Other items (1) 
 (75) (34) 13 24 Total Bonds 59,668 43,940 24,602 28,311 Total Consolidated Obligations (3) 
 100,359 90,390 54,440 54,399 
 (1) Includes unamortized premiums/discounts, fair value option valuation adjustments, hedging and other basis adjustments. 
 (2) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, all unswapped adjustable-rate Bonds were indexed to SOFR. 
 (3) The 11 FHLBanks have joint and several liability for the par amount of all of the Consolidated Obligations issued on their behalves. The par amount of the outstanding Consolidated Obligations for all of the FHLBanks was (in millions) 1,181,743 and 652,862 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The balances of Discount Notes and unswapped adjustable-rate Bonds in 2022 were higher compared to the balances at year-end 2021 primarily due to growth in short-term and variable-rate Advances during 2022. The growth in Advances resulted primarily from depository members' greater demand for liquidity, which was due in part to a decline in some members' deposit balances and loan growth. 
 
 The ending and average balances of swapped Discount Notes at December 31, 2022 were higher than year-end 2021 because the market environment in 2022 generally favored swapped debt. We swap term Discount Notes and fixed-rate bonds to adjustable-rates in order to match the underlying rate reset periods to the assets the Discount Notes and Bonds are funding, as well as to reduce the repricing risk of Discount Notes. 
 
 Deposits 
 
 Total deposits with us are normally a relatively minor source of low-cost funding. All deposits with us are uninsured. Total interest-bearing deposits at December 31, 2022 were 1.0 billion, a decrease of 0.4 billion compared to the balance at year-end 2021. 
 
 Derivatives Hedging Activity and Liquidity 
 
 Our use of derivatives is discussed in the "Effect of the Use of Derivatives on Net Interest Income" and "Non-Interest Income (Loss)" sections in "Results of Operations." Liquidity is discussed in the "Liquidity Risk" section in Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Risk Management. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Resources 
 
 The following tables present capital amounts and capital-to-assets ratios, on both a GAAP and regulatory basis. We consider the regulatory ratio to be a better representation of financial leverage than the GAAP ratio because, although the GAAP ratio treats mandatorily redeemable capital stock as a liability, it protects investors in our debt in the same manner as GAAP capital stock and retained earnings. 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Period End Average Period End Average GAAP and Regulatory Capital GAAP Capital Stock 5,151 3,961 2,490 2,585 Mandatorily Redeemable Capital Stock 17 115 21 19 Regulatory Capital Stock 5,168 4,076 2,511 2,604 Retained Earnings 1,401 1,339 1,293 1,304 Regulatory Capital 6,569 5,415 3,804 3,908 
 2022 2021 Period End Average Period End Average GAAP and Regulatory Capital-to-Assets Ratio GAAP 5.99 5.33 6.26 6.40 Regulatory (1) 
 6.05 5.47 6.28 6.44 
 (1) At all times, the FHLB must maintain at least a four percent minimum regulatory capital-to-assets ratio. 
 
 The following table presents the sources of change in regulatory capital stock balances in 2022 and 2021. 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 Regulatory stock balance at beginning of year 2,511 2,660 Stock purchases: Membership stock 1 20 Activity stock 5,533 1,089 Stock repurchases/redemptions: Redemption of member excess (2,650) (60) Repurchase of member excess (208) (1,186) Withdrawals (19) (12) Regulatory stock balance at the end of the year 5,168 2,511 
 
 Our business model is structured to be able to absorb sharp changes in assets because we can execute commensurate changes in liability and capital stock balances. For example, in 2022, we issued 5.5 billion of capital stock to members in support of Advance borrowings, some of which were repaid prior to December 31, 2022. As such, certain members requested the redemption of 2.7 billion of capital stock that was no longer required to support Advance borrowings. These redemption requests were reclassified as mandatorily redeemable capital stock, most of which were subsequently redeemed in 2022. 
 
 Excess capital stock is the amount of stock held by a member (or former member) in excess of that institution's minimum stock ownership requirement. Excess capital stock provides a base of capital to manage financial leverage at prudent levels, augments loss protections for bondholders, and may be used by a member to capitalize additional Mission Assets and Activities, before purchasing activity stock. At December 31, 2022, the amount of excess stock, as defined by our Capital Plan, was 1.2 billion, an increase of 0.8 billion compared to the balance at year-end 2021. The balance of excess stock increased in 2022 given the volatility in short-term Advance borrowings. In January 2023, we repurchased 1.1 billion of excess capital stock. 
 
 See the "Capital Adequacy" section in Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Risk Management for discussion of our retained earnings. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Membership and Stockholders 
 
 In 2022, we added six new member stockholders and lost eight member stockholders, ending the year at 616 member stockholders. Of the eight members lost, six merged with other Fifth District members and the other two merged out of district. 
 
 In 2022, there were no material changes in the allocation of membership by state, charter type, or asset size. At the end of 2022, the composition of membership by state was Ohio with 301, Kentucky with 159, and Tennessee with 156. 
 
 The following table provides the number of member stockholders by charter type. 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Commercial Banks 335 338 Savings Institutions 75 76 Credit Unions 144 142 Insurance Companies 55 55 Community Development Financial Institutions 7 7 Total 616 618 
 
 The following table provides the ownership of capital stock by charter type. 
 (In millions) December 31, 2022 2021 Commercial Banks 3,542 1,109 Savings Institutions 518 432 Credit Unions 305 184 Insurance Companies 785 764 Community Development Financial Institutions 1 1 Total GAAP Capital Stock 5,151 2,490 Mandatorily Redeemable Capital Stock 17 21 Total Regulatory Capital Stock 5,168 2,511 
 
 Credit union members hold relatively less stock than their membership proportion because they tend to be smaller than the average member and borrow less. Insurance company members hold relatively more stock than their membership proportion because they tend to be larger than the average member and borrow more. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of member stockholders by asset size. 
 December 31, Member Asset Size (1) 
 2022 2021 Up to 100 million 111 128 > 100 up to 500 million 301 296 > 500 million up to 1 billion 75 68 > 1 billion 129 126 Total Member Stockholders 616 618 
 (1) The December 31 membership composition reflects members' assets as of the most-recently available figures for total assets. 
 
 Most members are smaller community financial institutions, with 67 percent having assets up to 500 million. As noted elsewhere, having larger members is important to help achieve our mission objectives, including providing valuable products and services to all members. 

40 

Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following tables and discussion provide information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and a comparison of the results between 2022 and 2021. For a comparison of the results between 2021 and 2020, see Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Components of Earnings and Return on Equity 
 
 The following table is a summary income statement for the last three years. Each ROE percentage is computed by dividing income or expense for the category by the average amount of stockholders' equity for the period. 
 
 (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Amount ROE (1) 
 Amount ROE (1) 
 Amount ROE (1) 
 Net interest income 487 9.25 277 7.12 406 8.51 Non-interest income (loss): 
 Net gains (losses) on investment securities (337) (6.39) (257) (6.63) 257 5.39 Net gains (losses) on derivatives 131 2.48 82 2.12 (273) (5.72) Net gains (losses) on financial instruments held under fair value option 75 1.42 10 0.26 (7) (0.15) Other non-interest income, net 28 0.53 27 0.69 16 0.33 Total non-interest income (loss) 
 (103) (1.96) (138) (3.56) (7) (0.15) Total income 384 7.29 139 3.56 399 8.36 Non-interest expense 103 1.97 92 2.36 92 1.93 Affordable Housing Program assessments 
 29 0.54 5 0.12 31 0.65 Net income 252 4.78 42 1.08 276 5.78 
 (1) The ROE amounts have been computed using dollars in thousands. Accordingly, recalculations based upon the disclosed amounts in millions may produce nominally different results. 
 
 Details on the individual factors contributing to the level and changes in profitability are explained in the sections below. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Net Interest Income 
 
 The largest component of net income is net interest income. Our principal goal in managing net interest income is to balance the trade-offs between maintaining a moderate market risk profile and ensuring profitability remains competitive. Effective risk/return management requires us to focus principally on the relationships among assets and liabilities that affect net interest income, rather than individual balance sheet and income statement accounts in isolation. 
 
 Our ROE normally is lower than that of many other financial institutions because of the cooperative wholesale business model that results in narrow spreads earned on our assets, the moderate overall risk profile, and the strategic objective to have a positive correlation of earnings to short-term interest rates. 
 
 Components of Net Interest Income 
 We generate net interest income from the following two components: 
 
 Net interest rate spread. This component equals the balance of total earning assets multiplied by the difference between the book yield on interest-earning assets and the book cost of interest-bearing liabilities. It is composed of net (amortization)/accretion, prepayment fees on Advances, and all other earnings from interest-earning assets net of funding costs. The latter is the largest component and represents the coupon yields of interest-earning assets net of the coupon costs of interest-bearing liabilities. 
 Earnings from funding assets with capital earnings from capital ). Because of our relatively low net interest rate spread compared to other financial institutions, we have historically derived a substantial portion of net interest income from deploying interest-free capital in interest-earning assets. We deploy much of the capital in short-term and adjustable-rate assets in order to help ensure that ROE moves in the same direction as short-term interest rates and to help control market risk exposure. 
 
 The following table shows selected components of net interest income. Reasons for the variance in net interest income between the 2022 and 2021 periods are discussed below. 
 (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Amount of Earning Assets Amount of Earning Assets Amount of Earning Assets Components of net interest rate spread: 
 Net (amortization)/accretion (1) (2) 
 (31) (0.03) (87) (0.15) (115) (0.13) Prepayment fees on Advances, net (2) 
 3 13 0.02 34 0.04 Other components of net interest rate spread 
 393 0.40 324 0.54 441 0.50 Total net interest rate spread 365 0.37 250 0.41 360 0.41 Earnings from funding assets with interest-free capital 
 122 0.13 27 0.05 46 0.05 Total net interest income/net interest margin (3) 
 487 0.50 277 0.46 406 0.46 
 (1) Includes monthly recognition of premiums and discounts paid on purchases of mortgage assets, premiums, discounts and concessions paid on Consolidated Obligations and other hedging basis adjustments. 
 (2) This component of net interest rate spread has been segregated to display its relative impact. 
 (3) Net interest margin is net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets. 
 
 Net Amortization/Accretion (generally referred to as "amortization"): Net amortization can become substantial and volatile with changes in interest rates. When mortgage rates decrease, premium amortization of mortgage assets generally increases, which reduces net interest income. In 2022, mortgage rates increased rapidly and reduced mortgage refinance activity, which decreased net amortization. Net amortization was higher in 2021 given the historically low mortgage rates that existed at the end of 2020 and continued into the first half of 2021. 
 
 Prepayment Fees on Advances: Fees for members' early repayment of certain Advances, which are included in net interest income, are designed to make us economically indifferent to whether members hold Advances to maturity or repay them before maturity. Advance prepayment fees were minimal in 2022. 
 
 Other Components of Net Interest Rate Spread: The total other components of net interest rate spread increased 69 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The net increase was primarily due to the factors below. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

2022 Versus 2021 
 Higher average Advance balances- Favorable : The 28.2 billion increase in the average balance of Advances improved net interest income by an estimated 107 million. 
 Higher spreads earned on mortgage loans held for portfolio - Favorable : Higher spreads on mortgage loans held for portfolio increased net interest income by an estimated 56 million. Spreads improved primarily because of the rise in interest rates. 
 Higher average balances of investments- Favorable : Increases of 4.5 billion in average MBS and 6.0 billion in average liquidity investment balances improved net interest income by an estimated 32 million. 
 Higher net unrealized gains on designated fair value hedges- Favorable : Net unrealized gains on hedged items and derivatives in qualifying fair value hedge relationships were higher by 14 million. 
 Lower spreads on shorter-term and floating-rate assets- Unfavorable : Lower spreads on shorter-term and floating-rate assets (including those that have been swapped to a floating rate) decreased net interest income by an estimated 129 million. However, the decrease in net interest income was partially offset by lower non-interest losses primarily because of a 74 million decline in the net interest settlements being paid on related derivatives not receiving hedge accounting. 
 Higher interest paid on mandatorily redeemable capital stock- Unfavorable : Interest paid on mandatorily redeemable capital stock was higher by 6 million. The interest expense increased due to higher average dividend rates paid and a higher average balance of mandatorily redeemable capital stock, which was driven by members requesting the redemption of capital stock no longer supporting Advance borrowings. 
 Lower average balances of mortgage loans held for portfolio- Unfavorable : The 0.7 billion decrease in the average balance of mortgage loans held for portfolio lowered net interest income by an estimated 5 million. Mortgage balances declined because of the acceleration of principal cash flows driven by historically low mortgage interest rates in 2021. 
 
 Earnings from Capital: Earnings from capital increased 95 million in 2022 compared to 2021 because of the significantly higher average short-term interest rates and higher average capital balances. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Average Balance Sheet and Rates 
 The following table provides average balances and rates for major balance sheet accounts, which determine the changes in net interest rate spreads. Interest amounts and average rates are affected by our use of derivatives and the related accounting elections we make. Interest amounts reported for Advances, MBS, Other investments and Swapped Bonds include gains (losses) on hedged items and derivatives in qualifying fair value hedge relationships. 
 
 In addition, the net interest settlements of interest receivables or payables associated with derivatives in a fair value hedge relationship are included in net interest income and interest rate spread. However, if the derivatives do not qualify for fair value hedge accounting, the related net interest settlements of interest receivables or payables are recorded in Non-interest income (loss) as Net gains (losses) on derivatives and therefore are excluded from the calculation of net interest rate spread. Amortization associated with some hedging-related basis adjustments is also reflected in net interest income, which affects interest rate spread. 
 (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Average Balance Interest Average Rate (1) 
 Average Balance Interest Average Rate (1) 
 Average Balance Interest Average Rate (1) 
 Assets: Advances (2) 
 52,167 1,211 2.32 23,943 147 0.62 43,323 469 1.08 Mortgage loans held for portfolio (3) 
 7,431 204 2.75 8,130 169 2.07 11,264 276 2.45 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 2,354 49 2.09 545 1 0.07 1,633 11 0.68 Federal funds sold 
 11,183 204 1.82 6,891 5 0.08 6,151 32 0.52 Interest-bearing deposits in banks (4) 
 1,298 25 1.94 736 1 0.09 1,390 8 0.55 MBS (5) 
 13,702 288 2.11 9,182 107 1.17 11,864 186 1.57 Other investments (5) 
 10,209 238 2.33 10,733 205 1.91 11,832 265 2.24 Loans to other FHLBanks 25 1 2.77 5 1.22 Total interest-earning assets 98,369 2,220 2.26 60,160 635 1.05 87,462 1,247 1.43 Less: allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans Other assets 578 526 1,248 Total assets 98,947 60,686 88,710 Liabilities and Capital: Term deposits 77 1 1.03 79 0.23 78 0.67 Other interest-bearing deposits (4) 
 1,329 16 1.21 1,434 0.02 1,208 3 0.25 Discount Notes 46,450 775 1.67 26,088 14 0.05 43,284 295 0.68 Unswapped fixed-rate Bonds 14,087 282 2.00 18,857 327 1.74 21,319 432 2.03 Unswapped adjustable-rate Bonds 22,833 539 2.36 6,710 5 0.07 13,394 53 0.40 Swapped Bonds 7,020 114 1.62 2,744 12 0.42 3,584 57 1.58 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 115 6 4.77 19 2.01 55 1 1.93 Other borrowings 2.27 1 Total interest-bearing liabilities 91,911 1,733 1.89 55,931 358 0.64 82,923 841 1.02 Non-interest bearing deposits 2 Other liabilities 1,765 869 1,006 Total capital 5,271 3,886 4,779 Total liabilities and capital 98,947 60,686 88,710 Net interest rate spread 0.37 0.41 0.41 Net interest income and net interest margin (6) 
 487 0.50 277 0.46 406 0.46 Average interest-earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities 107.03 107.56 105.48 
 
 (1) Amounts used to calculate average rates are based on dollars in thousands. Accordingly, recalculations based upon the disclosed amounts in millions may not produce the same results. 
 (2) Interest on Advances includes prepayment fees of (in millions) 3, 13, and 34 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) Non-accrual loans are included in average balances used to determine average rate. 
 (4) The average balance amounts include the rights or obligations to cash collateral, which are included in the fair value of derivative assets or derivative liabilities on the Statements of Condition at period end. 
 (5) Includes available-for-sale securities based on their amortized costs. The yield information does not give effect to changes in fair value that are reflected as a component of stockholders' equity for available-for-sale securities. 
 (6) Net interest margin is net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Rates and corresponding levels of interest income and expense on all of our interest-bearing assets and liabilities increased in 2022 compared to 2021, as these assets and liabilities have repriced to the higher interest rates. 
 
 Volume/Rate Analysis 
 Changes in both average balances (volume) and interest rates influence changes in net interest income, as shown in the following table. 
 (In millions) 2022 over 2021 2021 over 2020 Volume (1)(3) 
 Rate (2)(3) 
 Total Volume (1)(3) 
 Rate (2)(3) 
 Total Increase (decrease) in interest income Advances 317 747 1,064 (164) (158) (322) Mortgage loans held for portfolio (16) 51 35 (69) (38) (107) Securities purchased under agreements to resell 5 43 48 (4) (6) (10) Federal funds sold 5 194 199 3 (30) (27) Interest-bearing deposits in banks 1 23 24 (2) (5) (7) MBS 69 112 181 (37) (42) (79) Other investments (10) 43 33 (23) (37) (60) Loans to other FHLBanks 1 1 Total 372 1,213 1,585 (296) (316) (612) Increase (decrease) in interest expense Term deposits 1 1 Other interest-bearing deposits 16 16 (3) (3) Discount Notes 18 743 761 (84) (197) (281) Unswapped fixed-rate Bonds 
 (90) 45 (45) (46) (59) (105) Unswapped adjustable-rate Bonds 
 37 497 534 (18) (30) (48) Swapped Bonds 36 66 102 (11) (34) (45) Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 
 4 2 6 (1) (1) Other borrowings Total 5 1,370 1,375 (160) (323) (483) Increase (decrease) in net interest income 
 367 (157) 210 (136) 7 (129) 
 (1) Volume changes are calculated as the change in volume multiplied by the prior year rate. 
 (2) Rate changes are calculated as the change in rate multiplied by the prior year average balance. 
 (3) Changes that are not identifiable as either volume-related or rate-related, but rather are equally attributable to both volume and rate changes, have been allocated to the volume and rate categories based upon the proportion of the absolute value of the volume and rate changes. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Effect of the Use of Derivatives on Net Interest Income 
 The following table shows the impact on net interest income from the effect of derivatives and hedging activities. As noted above, gains (losses) on hedged items and derivatives in qualifying fair value hedge relationships are recorded in interest income or expense. In addition, for derivatives designated as a fair value hedge, the net interest settlements of interest receivables or payables related to such derivatives are recognized as adjustments to the interest income or expense of the designated hedged item. As such, all the effects on earnings of derivatives qualifying for fair value hedge accounting are reflected in net interest income. The effect on earnings from derivatives not receiving fair value hedge accounting is provided in the Non-Interest Income (Loss) section below. 
 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Advances: Amortization of hedging activities in net interest income 
 (1) (1) Gains (losses) on designated fair value hedges 
 11 1 (16) Net interest settlements included in net interest income 
 12 (110) (91) Investment securities: Amortization of hedging activities in net interest income (1) Gains (losses) on designated fair value hedges 
 (15) Net interest settlements included in net interest income 
 39 (20) (2) Mortgage loans: Amortization of derivative fair value adjustments in net interest income 
 (2) (12) (12) Consolidated Obligation Bonds: Net interest settlements included in net interest income 
 (4) 1 2 Increase (decrease) to net interest income 40 (141) (120) 
 
 Most of our use of derivatives is to synthetically convert the fixed interest rates on certain Advances, investments and Consolidated Obligations to adjustable rates tied to an eligible benchmark rate (e.g., the Federal funds effective rate or SOFR). The sharp increases in short-term interest rates primarily benefited net interest income in 2022 as the conversion of certain Advances' and investments' fixed interest rates to adjustable-coupon rates resulted in net interest settlements being received rather than paid in the second half of 2022. The fluctuation in earnings from the use of derivatives was acceptable because it enabled us to lower market risk exposure by matching actual cash flows between assets and liabilities more closely and efficiently than would otherwise occur. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Non-Interest Income (Loss) 
 
 Non-interest income (loss) consists of certain gains (losses) on investment securities, derivatives activities, financial instruments held under the fair value option, and other non-interest earning activities. The following tables present the net effect of derivatives and hedging activities on non-interest income (loss). The effects of derivatives and hedging activities on non-interest income (loss) relate only to derivatives not qualifying for fair value hedge accounting. 
 
 2022 (In millions) Advances Investment Securities Mortgage Loans Bonds Discount Notes Balance Sheet (1) 
 Other Total Net effect of derivatives and hedging activities 
 Gains (losses) on derivatives not receiving hedge accounting 
 (1) 291 (9) (57) (12) 10 222 Net interest settlements on derivatives not receiving hedge accounting 
 (42) (14) (34) (90) Price alignment amount (2) 
 (1) (1) Net gains (losses) on derivatives (1) 249 (9) (71) (46) 10 (1) 131 Gains (losses) on trading securities (3) 
 (337) (337) Gains (losses) on financial instruments held under fair value option (4) 
 1 69 5 75 Total net effect on non-interest income (88) (9) (2) (41) 10 (1) (131) 2021 (In millions) Advances Investment Securities Mortgage Loans Bonds Discount Notes Balance Sheet (1) 
 Other Total Net effect of derivatives and hedging activities 
 Gains (losses) on derivatives not receiving hedge accounting 
 1 252 3 (9) (1) 246 Net interest settlements on derivatives not receiving hedge accounting 
 (172) 8 (164) Price alignment amount (2) 
 Net gains (losses) on derivatives 1 80 3 (1) (1) 82 Gains (losses) on trading securities (3) 
 (257) (257) Gains (losses) on financial instruments held under fair value option (4) 
 (1) 10 1 10 Total net effect on non-interest income (177) 3 9 (165) 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 2020 (In millions) Advances Investment Securities Mortgage Loans Bonds Discount Notes Balance Sheet (1) 
 Other Total Net effect of derivatives and hedging activities 
 Gains (losses) on derivatives not receiving hedge accounting 
 (242) (10) 14 91 (147) Net interest settlements on derivatives not receiving hedge accounting 
 (172) 23 22 (127) Price alignment amount (2) 
 1 1 Net gains (losses) on derivatives (414) (10) 37 22 91 1 (273) Gains (losses) on trading securities (3) 
 257 257 Gains (losses) on financial instruments held under fair value option (4) 
 1 (9) 1 (7) Total net effect on non-interest income 1 (157) (10) 28 23 91 1 (23) 
 (1) Balance sheet includes synthetic basis swaps and swaptions, which are not designated as hedging a specific financial instrument. 
 (2) This amount is for derivatives for which variation margin is characterized as a daily settled contract. 
 (3) Includes only those gains (losses) on trading securities that have an assigned economic derivative; therefore, this line item may not agree to the Statement of Income. 
 (4) Includes only those gains or losses on financial instruments held at fair value that have an economic derivative "assigned." 
 
 The effect of derivatives and hedging activities on earnings in 2022 improved primarily because of the increase in short-term rates, which significantly lowered the net interest settlements being paid on derivatives related to investments where the fixed interest rates were converted to adjustable-coupon rates. Some of this benefit was partially offset as the increase in short-term rates also resulted in net interest settlements being paid rather than received on derivatives related to Bonds and Discount Notes. Additionally, the overall improvement related to net interest settlements in 2022 compared to 2021 was partially offset by higher net unrealized losses on investments and their related derivatives that we expect to hold to maturity. As noted above, the fluctuation in earnings from the use of derivatives was acceptable because it enabled us to lower market risk exposure. 
 
 In the table above, "Gains (losses) on trading securities" consist of fixed-rate U.S. Treasury and GSE obligations that have been swapped to a variable rate. Trading securities are recorded at fair value, with changes in fair value reported in non-interest income (loss). There are a number of factors that affect the fair value of these securities, including changes in interest rates, the passage of time, and volatility. By hedging these trading securities, the gains or losses on these trading securities will generally be offset by the gains or losses on the associated interest rate swaps. 
 
 Non-Interest Expense 
 
 The following table presents non-interest expense for each of the last three years. 
 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 
 Non-interest expense Compensation and benefits 51 48 50 Other operating expense 25 23 21 Finance Agency 8 7 7 Office of Finance 6 5 5 Other 13 9 9 Total non-interest expense 103 92 92 
 
 Our business is designed to support significant changes in asset levels without having to undergo material changes in staffing, operations, risk practices, or general resource needs. Accordingly, the components of non-interest expense generally remained stable over the past several years. In 2022, "Other" non-interest expense includes a voluntary AHP contribution of 3 million. Our Board of Directors elected to make a voluntary AHP contribution in order to increase access to affordable housing throughout the Fifth District. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Analysis of Quarterly ROE 
 
 The following table summarizes the components of 2022's quarterly ROE and provides quarterly ROE for 2021 and 2020. 
 
 1 st Quarter 
 2 nd Quarter 
 3 rd Quarter 
 4 th Quarter 
 Total Components of 2022 ROE: Net interest income: Other net interest income 8.19 6.59 10.49 12.67 9.78 Net amortization (0.99) (0.70) (0.47) (0.35) (0.59) Prepayment fees 0.25 0.03 0.01 0.06 Total net interest income 7.45 5.92 10.03 12.32 9.25 Net gains (losses) on derivatives 8.95 1.69 1.89 (0.83) 2.48 Other non-interest income (loss) (12.38) (1.68) (2.89) (2.48) (4.44) Total non-interest income (loss) (3.43) 0.01 (1.00) (3.31) (1.96) Total income 4.02 5.93 9.03 9.01 7.29 Total non-interest expense 2.36 2.17 1.87 1.62 1.97 Affordable Housing Program assessments 0.18 0.38 0.73 0.75 0.54 2022 ROE 1.48 3.38 6.43 6.64 4.78 2021 ROE 1.96 0.03 0.60 1.81 1.08 2020 ROE 6.94 7.12 4.70 3.93 5.78 
 
 The increase in profitability in 2022 compared to 2021 was in part due to rising interest rates and higher average Advance balances. Additionally, higher mortgage rates resulted in a lower volume of mortgage refinance activity, which reduced premium amortization. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Information 
 
 Note 14 of the Notes to Financial Statements presents information on our two operating business segments. We manage financial operations and market risk exposure primarily at the macro level, and within the context of the entire balance sheet, rather than exclusively at the level of individual segments. Under this approach, the market risk/return profile of each segment may not match, or possibly even have the same trends as, what would occur if we managed each segment on a stand-alone basis. The tables below summarize each segment's operating results for the periods shown. 

(Dollars in millions) Traditional Member Finance MPP Total 2022 Net interest income (loss) 421 66 487 Net income (loss) 202 50 252 Average assets 89,202 9,745 98,947 Assumed average capital allocation 4,747 524 5,271 Return on average assets (1) 
 0.23 0.51 0.25 Return on average equity (1) 
 4.26 9.46 4.78 2021 Net interest income (loss) 318 (41) 277 Net income (loss) 85 (43) 42 Average assets 49,258 11,428 60,686 Assumed average capital allocation 3,154 732 3,886 Return on average assets (1) 
 0.17 (0.38) 0.07 Return on average equity (1) 
 2.70 (5.92) 1.08 2020 Net interest income (loss) 385 21 406 Net income (loss) 221 55 276 Average assets 77,090 11,620 88,710 Assumed average capital allocation 4,149 630 4,779 Return on average assets (1) 
 0.29 0.48 0.31 Return on average equity (1) 
 5.33 8.76 5.78 
 (1) Amounts used to calculate returns are based on numbers in thousands. Accordingly, recalculations based upon the disclosed amounts in millions may not produce the same results. 
 
 Traditional Member Finance Segment 
 Net income improved in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily because of higher average balances of Advances and investments. Additionally, the rising interest rate environment benefited this segment as it resulted in higher earnings from capital. However, the increase in profitability was partially offset by unrealized losses on certain derivatives and other financial instruments carried at fair value. 
 
 MPP Segment 
 Earnings from the MPP segment improved significantly in 2022 compared to 2021 because of higher net interest income, which resulted primarily from the rising interest rate environment. Higher mortgage rates resulted in a lower volume of mortgage refinance activity, which reduced premium amortization. Additionally, the MPP segment benefited from higher average short-term interest rates, which increased the earnings generated from capital and improved the spreads earned. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
 Overview 
 
 We face various risks that could affect the ability to achieve our mission and corporate objectives. We generally categorize risks as: 1) business/strategic risk, 2) compliance, 3) market risk (also referred to as interest rate or prepayment risk), 4) credit risk, 5) funding/liquidity risk, and 6) operational risk (which includes cyber risks). Our Board of Directors establishes objectives regarding risk philosophy, risk appetite, risk tolerances, and financial performance expectations. Market, capital adequacy, credit, liquidity, concentration, and operational risks are discussed below. Other risks are discussed throughout this report. 
 
 We strive to maintain a risk profile that ensures we operate safely and soundly, promotes prudent growth in Mission Assets and Activities, consistently generates competitive earnings, and protects the par value of members' capital stock investment. We believe our business is financially sound and adequately capitalized on a risk-adjusted basis. 
 
 We practice this conservative risk philosophy in many ways: 
 
 We operate with moderate market risk and limited residual credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, and capital impairment risk. 
 
 We have a business objective to ensure competitive and relatively stable profitability. 
 
 We make conservative investment choices in terms of the types of investments we purchase and counterparties with which we engage. 
 
 We use derivatives to hedge assets and liabilities and to help reduce market risk exposure. 
 
 We maintain a prudent amount of financial leverage. 
 
 We are judicious in instituting regular, district-wide repurchases of excess stock. 
 
 We hold an amount of retained earnings that we believe will protect the par value of capital stock and provide for dividend stabilization. 
 
 We create a working and operating environment that emphasizes a stable employee base. 
 
 We have numerous Board-adopted policies and processes that address risk management including risk appetite, tolerances, limits, guidelines, and regulatory compliance. Our cooperative business model, corporate objectives, capital structure, and regulatory oversight provide us clear incentives to minimize risk exposures. Our policies and operating practices are designed to limit risk exposures from ongoing operations in the following broad ways: 
 
 by anticipating potential business risks and developing appropriate responses; 
 
 by defining permissible lines of business; 
 
 by limiting the kinds of assets we are permitted to hold in terms of their credit risk exposure and the kinds of hedging and financing arrangements we are permitted to use; 
 
 by limiting the amount of market risk to which we are permitted to be exposed; 
 
 by specifying very conservative tolerances for credit risk posed by Advances; 
 
 by specifying capital adequacy minimums; and 
 
 by requiring strict adherence to internal controls and operating procedures, adequate insurance coverage, and comprehensive Human Resources policies, procedures, and strategies. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Market Risk 
 
 Overview 
 Market risk exposure is the risk that profitability and the value of stockholders' capital investment may decrease and that profitability may become uncompetitive for an extended period as a result of changes and volatility in the market environment and economy. Along with business/strategic risk, market risk is normally our largest residual risk. 
 
 Our risk appetite is to maintain market risk exposure in a low to moderate range while earning a competitive return on members' capital stock investment. There is normally a tradeoff between long-term market risk exposure and shorter-term exposure. Effective management of each component is important in order to attract and retain members and capital and to support Mission Assets and Activities. 
 
 The primary challenges in managing market risk exposure arise from 1) the tradeoff between earning a competitive return and correlating profitability with short-term interest rates and 2) the market risk exposure of owning mortgage assets. Mortgage assets grant homeowners prepayment options that could adversely affect our financial performance when interest rates increase or decrease. We mitigate the market risk of mortgage assets primarily by funding them principally with a portfolio of long-term fixed-rate callable and non-callable Bonds. Secondarily, we use swaption derivative transactions to a limited extent to mitigate the market risk of mortgage assets. The Bonds and swaptions can provide expected cash flows that are similar to the cash flows expected from mortgage assets under a wide range of interest rate and prepayment environments. Because it is normally cost-prohibitive to completely mitigate mortgage prepayment risk, a residual amount of market risk remains after funding and hedging activities. 
 
 We analyze market risk using numerous analytical measures under a variety of interest rate and business scenarios, including stressed scenarios, and perform sensitivity analyses on the many variables that can affect market risk, using several market risk models from third-party software companies. These models employ rigorous valuation techniques for the optionality that exists in mortgage prepayments, call and put options, and caps/floors. We regularly assess the effects of different assumptions, techniques and methodologies on the measurements of market risk exposure, including comparisons to alternative models and information from brokers/dealers. 
 
 Policy Limits on Market R isk Exposure 
 We have six sets of policy limits regarding market risk exposure, which primarily measure long-term market risk exposure. We determine compliance with our policy limits at every month end or more frequently if market or business conditions change significantly or are volatile. 
 
 Market Value of Equity Sensitivity. The market value of equity for the entire balance sheet in two hypothetical interest rate scenarios (up 200 basis points and down 100 to 200 basis points from the applicable interest rate environment) must be between positive and negative 10 percent of the current balance sheet's market value of equity. The interest rate movements are shocks, defined as instantaneous, permanent, and parallel changes in interest rates in which every point on the yield curve is changed by the same amount. The size of the down shock varies with the level of long-term interest rates observed when measuring the risk. 
 
 Duration of Equity. The duration of equity for the entire balance sheet in the current base case interest rate environment must be between positive and negative five years and in the two interest rate shock scenarios (up 200 basis points and down 100 to 200 basis points from the applicable interest rate environment) must be between positive and negative six years. 
 
 Mortgage Assets Portfolio. The change in net market value of the mortgage assets portfolio as a percentage of the book value of portfolio assets must be between positive and negative three percent in each of the two interest rate shock scenarios. Net market value is defined as the market value of assets minus the market value of liabilities, with no assumed capital allocation. 
 
 Market Capitalization. The market capitalization ratio (defined as the ratio of the market value of equity to the par value of regulatory stock) must be above 100 percent in the current rate environment and must be above 95 percent in each of the two interest rate shock scenarios. 
 
 Fixed Rate Mortgage Assets as a Multiple of Regulatory Capital. The amount of fixed mortgage assets must be less than five times the amount of regulatory capital. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 MPP Assets as a Multiple of Regulatory Capital. The amount of MPP assets must be less than four times the amount of regulatory capital. 
 
 In addition, Finance Agency regulations and an internal policy provide controls on market risk exposure by restricting the types of mortgage loans, mortgage-backed securities and other investments we can hold. We also manage market risk exposure by charging members prepayment fees on many Advance programs where an early termination of an Advance would result in an economic loss to us. 
 
 In practice we carry a substantially smaller amount of market risk exposure by establishing a strategic management range that is well within policy limits. 
 
 Market Value of Equity and Duration of Equity - Entire Balance Sheet 
 Two key measures of long-term market risk exposure are the sensitivities of the market value of equity and the duration of equity to changes in interest rates and other variables, as presented in the following tables for various instantaneous and permanent interest rate shocks (in basis points). The mortgage assets portfolio normally accounts for almost all market risk exposure because of prepayment volatility that we cannot completely hedge while maintaining sufficient net spreads. We compiled average results using data for each month end. Given the level of rates at certain time periods, some down rate shocks are nonparallel scenarios, with short-term rates decreasing less than long-term rates such that no rate falls below zero. 
 
 Market Value of Equity 
 (Dollars in millions) Down 300 Down 200 Down 100 Flat Rates Up 100 Up 200 Up 300 Average Results 2022 Full Year Market Value of Equity 5,643 5,498 5,408 5,317 5,207 5,101 5,012 Change from Flat Case 6.1 3.4 1.7 (2.1) (4.1) (5.7) 2021 Full Year Market Value of Equity 3,916 3,920 3,921 3,942 3,878 3,771 3,705 Change from Flat Case (0.6) (0.6) (0.5) (1.6) (4.3) (6.0) Month-End Results December 31, 2022 Market Value of Equity 6,517 6,402 6,283 6,160 6,042 5,937 5,844 Change from Flat Case 5.8 3.9 2.0 (1.9) (3.6) (5.1) December 31, 2021 Market Value of Equity 3,977 3,977 3,865 3,858 3,767 3,628 3,525 Change from Flat Case 3.1 3.1 0.2 (2.4) (6.0) (8.6) 
 Duration of Equity 
 
 (In years) Down 300 Down 200 Down 100 Flat Rates Up 100 Up 200 Up 300 Average Results 2022 Full Year 2.6 1.9 1.5 2.0 2.2 2.0 1.7 2021 Full Year (0.1) (0.2) (0.6) 1.0 2.6 2.5 1.0 Month-End Results December 31, 2022 1.8 2.0 2.1 2.1 2.0 1.8 1.6 December 31, 2021 0.7 2.0 1.4 3.4 3.6 2.1 
 
 The overall market risk exposure to changing interest rates was well within policy limits during the periods presented. At December 31, 2022, market risk exposure to falling rate shocks benefited from the rapid increase in mortgage interest rates in 2022 while exposure to rising rates remained stable. The duration of equity, which provides an estimate of the change in market value of equity to further changes in interest rates, remained well within policy limits. 
 
 Based on the totality of our risk analysis, we expect that overall profitability, defined as the level of ROE compared with short-term market rates, will be competitive over the long term unless interest rates increase further by large amounts in a short period of time. Substantial declines in long-term interest rates could decrease income temporarily before reverting to average levels. This temporary reduction in income would be driven by additional recognition of mortgage asset premiums as the incentive for borrowers to refinance results in faster than anticipated repayments of those mortgage assets. However, we believe the 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 mortgage assets portfolio will continue to provide an acceptable risk-adjusted return consistent with our risk appetite philosophy. 
 
 Use of Derivatives in Market Risk Management 
 A key component of hedging market risk exposure is the use of derivative transactions. The following table presents the notional amounts of the derivatives classified by how we designate the hedging relationship. The notional amount of derivatives at December 31, 2022 increased by 11.5 billion from the end of 2021, primarily due to our heightened use of swapped Discount Notes in the current market environment driven by increased Advance demand. 
 (In millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Hedged Item/Hedging Instrument Hedging Objective Fair Value Hedge Economic Hedge Fair Value Hedge Economic Hedge Advances: Pay-fixed, receive-float interest rate swap (without options) Converts the Advance's fixed rate to a variable-rate index. 9,560 10 5,503 10 Pay-fixed, receive-float interest rate swap (with options) Converts the Advance's fixed rate to a variable-rate index and offsets option risk in the Advance. 1,020 2,452 21 Total Advances 10,580 10 7,955 31 Investment securities: Pay-fixed, receive-float interest rate swap (without options) Converts the investment security's fixed rate to a variable-rate index. 9,668 1,952 5,313 6,427 Consolidated Obligations Bonds: Receive-fixed, pay-float interest rate swap (without options) Converts the Bond's fixed rate to a variable-rate index. 569 1,140 452 7,175 Receive-fixed, pay-float interest rate swap (with options) Converts the Bond's fixed rate to a variable-rate index and offsets option risk in the Bond. 760 4,374 Total Consolidated Obligations Bonds 1,329 5,514 452 7,175 Consolidated Discount Notes: Receive-fixed, pay-float interest rate swap (without options) Converts the Discount Note's fixed rate to a variable-rate index. 21,365 10,426 Balance Sheet: Interest rate swaptions Provides the option to enter into an interest rate swap to offset interest-rate or prepayment risk. 355 1,219 Stand-Alone Derivatives: Mandatory Delivery Contracts Exposure to fair-value risk associated with fixed rate mortgage purchase commitments. 14 250 Total 21,577 29,210 13,720 25,528 
 
 See Note 7 of the Notes to Financial Statements for additional information on how we use derivatives and the types of assets and liabilities hedged with derivatives. 
 
 Capital Adequacy 
 
 Retained Earnings 
 We must hold sufficient capital to protect against exposure to various risks, including market, credit, and operational risks. We regularly conduct a variety of measurements and assessments for capital adequacy. At December 31, 2022, our capital management policy set forth approximately 745 million as the minimum amount of retained earnings we believe is necessary to mitigate impairment risk. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents retained earnings. 
 
 (In millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Unrestricted retained earnings 841 783 Restricted retained earnings (1) 
 560 510 Total retained earnings 1,401 1,293 
 (1) Pursuant to the FHLBank System's Joint Capital Enhancement Agreement we are not permitted to distribute as dividends. 
 
 As indicated in the table above, our current balance of retained earnings exceeds the policy minimum, which we expect will continue to be the case as we bolster capital adequacy over time by allocating a portion of earnings to the restricted retained earnings account. 
 
 Risk-Based Capital 
 The following table shows the amount of risk-based capital required based on Finance Agency prescribed measurements. By regulation, we are required to hold permanent capital at least equal to the amount of risk-based capital. 
 
 (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Market risk-based capital 470 435 Credit risk-based capital 238 224 Operational risk-based capital 212 197 Total risk-based capital requirement 920 856 Total permanent capital 6,569 3,804 Excess permanent capital 5,649 2,948 Risk-based capital as a percent of permanent capital 14 23 
 
 The risk-based capital requirement has historically not been a constraint on operations, and we do not use it to actively manage any of our risks. It has normally ranged from 10 to 25 percent of permanent capital. 
 
 Market Capitalization Ratios 
 We measure two sets of market capitalization ratios. One measures the market value of equity (i.e., total capital) relative to the par value of regulatory capital stock (which is GAAP capital stock and mandatorily redeemable capital stock). The other measures the market value of total capital relative to the book value of total capital, which includes all components of capital, and mandatorily redeemable capital stock. The measures provide a point-in-time indication of the FHLB's liquidation or franchise value and can also serve as a measure of realized or potential market risk exposure. 
 
 The following table presents the market value of equity to regulatory capital stock (excluding retained earnings) for several interest rate environments. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Market Value of Equity to Par Value of Regulatory Capital Stock - Base Case (Flat Rates) Scenario 
 119 154 Market Value of Equity to Par Value of Regulatory Capital Stock - Down Shock (1) 
 124 154 Market Value of Equity to Par Value of Regulatory Capital Stock - Up Shock (2) 
 115 145 
 (1) Represents down shocks of 200 basis points and 100 basis points for December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 (2) Represents an up shock of 200 basis points. 
 
 A base case value below 100 percent could indicate that, in the remote event of an immediate liquidation scenario involving redemption of all capital stock, capital stock may be returned to stockholders at a value below par. This could be due to experiencing risks that lower the market value of capital and/or to having an insufficient amount of retained earnings. In 2022, the market capitalization ratios in the scenarios presented continued to be above our policy requirements. The decline in these ratios during 2022 was driven by the rapid capital growth to support Advance borrowings with secondary factors being the significant increase in interest rates and associated market pricing volatility. The base case ratio at December 31, 2022 was still 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 well above 100 percent because retained earnings were 27 percent of regulatory capital stock and we maintained stable market risk exposure. 
 
 The following table presents the market value of equity to the book value of total capital and mandatorily redeemable capital stock. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Market Value of Equity to Book Value of Capital - Base Case (Flat Rates) Scenario (1) 
 94 101 Market Value of Equity to Book Value of Capital - Down Shock (1)(2) 
 98 101 Market Value of Equity to Book Value of Capital - Up Shock (1)(3) 
 91 95 
 (1) Capital includes total capital and mandatorily redeemable capital stock. 
 (2) Represents down shocks of 200 basis points and 100 basis points for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Represents an up shock of 200 basis points. 
 
 A base-case value below 100 percent indicates that we have realized or could realize risks (especially market risk), such that the market value of total capital owned by stockholders is below the book value of total capital. The base-case ratio of 94 percent at December 31, 2022 indicates that the market value of total capital is 359 million below the book value of total capital. In a scenario in which interest rates increase 200 basis points, the market value of total capital would be 582 million below the book value of total capital. This indicates that in a liquidation scenario, stockholders would not receive the full sum of their total equity ownership in the FHLB. We believe the likelihood of a liquidation scenario is extremely remote; and therefore, we accept the risk of diluting equity ownership in such a scenario. The decline in these ratios was driven primarily by volatility in the market pricing of mortgage assets and the sharp increase in interest rates. 

Credit Risk 
 
 Overview 
 We believe our risk management practices, discussed below, minimize residual credit risk levels. We have no loan loss reserves or impairment recorded for Credit Services, investments, or derivatives. We have a minimal amount of credit risk exposure in the MPP. 
 
 Credit Services 
 Overview: We have policies and practices to manage credit risk exposure from our secured lending activities, which include Advances and Letters of Credit. The objective of our credit risk management activities is to equalize risk exposure across members and counterparties to a zero level of expected losses. This approach is consistent with our conservative risk management principles and desire to have no residual credit risk related to Advances and Letters of Credit. 
 
 Collateral: We require each member to provide a security interest in eligible collateral before it can undertake any secured borrowing. Eligible loan collateral types include the following: single- and multi-family residential, home equity, commercial real estate, government guaranteed and farm real estate. Eligible security types include those that are government or agency backed, along with highly-rated private-label residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities. We have conservative eligibility criteria within each of the above asset types. The estimated value of pledged collateral is discounted in order to offset market, credit, and liquidity risks that may affect the collateral's realizable value in the event it must be liquidated. At December 31, 2022, total eligible pledged collateral of 478.4 billion resulted in total borrowing capacity of 390.6 billion of which 108.8 billion was used to support outstanding Advances and Letters of Credit. Borrowers often pledge collateral in excess of their collateral requirement to demonstrate access to liquidity and to have the ability to borrow additional amounts in the future. Over-collateralization by one member is not applied to another member. The collateral composition remained relatively stable compared to the end of 2021. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 The table below shows total collateral pledged by type. 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in billions) Percent of Total Percent of Total Eligible Collateral Pledged Collateral Eligible Collateral Pledged Collateral Single-family loans 298.7 62 258.8 61 Multi-family loans 65.6 14 59.5 14 Commercial real estate loans 55.1 12 50.6 12 Bond Securities 35.7 7 30.0 7 Home equity loans/lines of credit 22.3 5 22.3 5 Farm real estate loans 0.8 0.7 Government guaranteed loans 0.2 3.3 1 Total 478.4 100 425.2 100 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 67 percent of collateral was related to residential mortgage lending in single-family loans and home equity loans/lines of credit. 
 
 Our management of credit risk related to Advances and Letters of Credit includes risk-based variations in collateral requirements, including discounts or haircuts, eligibility criteria, form of valuation, custody arrangements, the level of detail in periodic reporting, and in blanket versus specific pledges, as discussed below. 
 
 Haircuts. We discount collateral values for purposes of determining borrowing capacity. These haircuts result in lendable values that are less than the amount of pledged collateral. In general, higher discounts are applied to more risky forms of collateral and to collateral pledged by higher risk members. 
 Eligibility. The balances of loans and securities we lend against are subject to conservative eligibility criteria such that Advances and Letters of Credit are supported by high quality assets within each collateral type. 
 Custody. All pledged securities and loans pledged by higher risk members must be delivered into our custody or that of a third-party custodian that we have engaged. 
 Blanket versus Specific Pledge. Except under limited circumstances, we require a member pledging loans under a blanket agreement to pledge all of their loans for a given collateral type. 
 Valuation. All members' securities collateral and individually listed loans are subject to a market valuation process to establish the borrowing base. For loan collateral, this involves submission of extensive loan level information (on "Listings") to facilitate the valuation process. Any member allowed to make a specific instead of a blanket pledge (non-depositories and certain highly-rated commercial banks) is required to submit this level of reporting. 
 
 We use third-party services and internally run models to regularly estimate market values of individually listed loan collateral. Third-party services use various proprietary models to estimate market values. Assumptions may be made on factors that affect collateral value, such as market liquidity, discount rates, prepayments, liquidation and servicing costs in the event of a default and economic and market conditions. We have policies and procedures for evaluating the reasonableness of collateral valuations. 
 
 Borrowing Capacity/Lendable Value: Lendable Value Rates (LVRs) represent the percent of collateral value net of the haircut. LVRs are determined by statistical analysis and management assumptions relating to historical price volatility, inherent credit risks, liquidation costs, and the current credit and economic environment. We apply LVR results to the estimated values of pledged assets. LVRs vary among pledged assets and members based on the member institution type, the financial strength of the member institution, the form of valuation, lien position, the issuer of bond collateral or the quality of securitized assets, the quality of the loan collateral as reflected in the manner in which it was underwritten, and the marketability of the pledged assets. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

The table below indicates the range of LVRs for each major collateral type pledged at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Lendable Value Rates Applied to Collateral Blanket Status: Prime 1-4 family loans 71-79 Multi-family loans 61-81 Prime home equity loans/lines of credit 54-77 Commercial real estate loans 62-83 Farm real estate loans 67-82 Listing Status/Physical Delivery: Cash/U.S. Government/U.S. Treasury/U.S. agency securities 88-100 U.S. agency residential MBS/collateralized mortgage obligations 88-96 U.S. agency commercial MBS/collateralized mortgage obligations 80-91 Private-label residential MBS 61-89 Private-label commercial MBS 49-85 Municipal securities 75-94 SBA certificates 88-93 Prime 1-4 family loans 71-86 Multi-family loans 62-85 Prime home equity loans/lines of credit 56-84 Commercial real estate loans 69-89 Farm real estate loans 67-86 SBA Paycheck Protection Program loans 10-90 
 
 The ranges of lendable values exclude subprime residential loan collateral. Loans pledged by lower risk members for which we require only high level, summary reporting of eligible balances are generally discounted more heavily than loans on which we have detailed loan structure and underwriting information. For any form of loan collateral, additional credit risk based adjustments may be made to an individual member s collateral that results in a lower lendable value than that indicated in the above table. 
 
 Subprime Loan Collateral: We have policies and processes to identify subprime residential mortgage loans pledged by members. We perform collateral reviews to estimate the volume of subprime loans pledged by members in blanket status. Depending on the quality of underwriting and administration, we may subject these loans to lower LVRs. 
 
 Internal Credit Ratings: We perform credit underwriting of our members and nonmember institutions and assign them an internal credit rating on a scale of one to seven, with a higher number representing a less favorable assessment of the institution's financial condition. These credit ratings are based on internal and third-party ratings models, credit analyses and consideration of credit ratings from independent credit rating organizations. Credit ratings are used in conjunction with other measures of credit risk in managing secured credit risk exposure. 
 
 A less favorable credit rating can cause us to 1) decrease the institution's borrowing capacity via lower LVRs, 2) require the institution to provide an increased level of detail on pledged collateral, 3) require it to deliver collateral into our custody, 4) prompt us to more closely and/or frequently monitor the institution, and/or 5) limit the institution's exposure through borrowing restrictions (e.g., maturity restrictions on new Advances or restrictions on borrowing capacity from higher risk collateral sources). 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables show the distribution of internal credit ratings we assigned to member and nonmember institutions, which we use to help manage credit risk exposure. 
 (Dollars in billions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Number Collateral-Based Number Collateral-Based Credit of Borrowing Credit of Borrowing Rating Institutions Capacity Rating Institutions Capacity 1-3 505 371.7 1-3 470 322.6 4 76 18.1 4 109 23.1 5 26 0.7 5 29 0.9 6 9 0.1 6 12 0.2 7 4 7 3 Total 620 390.6 Total 623 346.8 
 
 We consider institutions with credit ratings of "1" through "4" to be financially sound. At December 31, 2022, only 39 institutions (six percent of the total) had credit ratings of "5" through "7," a decrease of five institutions compared to the end of 2021. These institutions had 0.8 billion of borrowing capacity at December 31, 2022. We believe the credit rating distribution continues to show a financially sound membership base. 
 
 Member Failures, Closures, and Receiverships: There were no member failures in 2022. 
 
 MPP 
 Overview: The residual amount of credit risk exposure to loans in the MPP is minimal, based on the following factors: 
 
 various credit enhancements for conventional loans, which are designed to protect us against credit losses; 
 conservative underwriting and loan characteristics consistent with favorable expected credit performance; 
 a small overall amount of delinquencies and defaults when compared to national averages; 
 no credit losses in 2022 and only credit losses totaling less than 0.1 million in 2021; and 
 in addition to the low credit losses, based on financial analysis, we believe that future credit losses will not harm capital adequacy and will not significantly affect profitability except under the most extreme and unlikely credit conditions. 
 
 Portfolio Loan Characteristics: The following table shows FICO credit scores of homeowners at origination dates for the conventional loan portfolio. 
 FICO Score (1) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 = 740 74 75 Weighted Average 763 763 
 (1) Represents the FICO score at origination. 
 
 The distribution of FICO scores at origination as of December 31, 2022 were similar to those at year-end 2021. The distribution of FICO scores at origination is one indication of the portfolio's overall favorable credit quality. At December 31, 2022, 74 percent of the portfolio had scores at an excellent level of 740 or above and 92 percent had scores above 700, which is a threshold generally considered indicative of homeowners with good credit quality. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables show loan-to-value ratios for conventional loans based on values estimated at the origination dates and current values estimated at the noted periods. The estimated current ratios are based on original loan values, principal paydowns that have occurred since origination, and a third-party estimate of changes in historical home prices for the zip code in which each loan resides. Both measures are weighted by current unpaid principal. 
 
 Based on Estimated Origination Value Based On Estimated Current Value Loan-to-Value December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Loan-to-Value December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 60 to 70 18 18 > 60 to 70 12 14 > 70 to 80 54 53 > 70 to 80 8 7 > 80 to 90 8 8 > 80 to 90 3 1 > 90 4 4 > 90 to 100 1 1 > 100 Weighted Average 73 73 Weighted Average 49 49 
 
 The levels of loan-to-value ratios are consistent with the portfolio's excellent credit quality. The percent of loans with current loan-to-value ratios of 60 percent and below decreased slightly at December 31, 2022 compared to year-end 2021, which reflected the recent small declines in average housing prices nationwide. 
 
 Based on the available data, we believe we have minimal exposure to loans in the MPP considered to have characteristics of subprime or alternative/nontraditional loans. Further, we do not knowingly purchase any loan that violates the terms of our Anti-Predatory Lending Policy. 
 
 The following table presents the geographical allocation based on the unpaid principal balance of conventional loans in the MPP. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Ohio 62 Ohio 63 Kentucky 12 Kentucky 12 Indiana 8 Indiana 9 Tennessee 5 Tennessee 4 Alabama 2 Alabama 1 All others 11 All others 11 Total 100 Total 100 
 
 Credit Enhancements: Conventional mortgage loans are primarily supported against credit losses by some combination of credit enhancements (primary mortgage insurance (PMI) and the Lender Risk Account (LRA)). The LRA is a hold back of a portion of the initial purchase price to cover expected credit losses for a specific pool of loans. Starting after five years from the loan purchase date, we may return the hold back to PFIs if they manage credit risk to predefined acceptable levels of exposure on the pools of loans they sell to us. As a result, some pools of loans may have sufficient credit enhancements to recapture all losses while other pools of loans may not. The LRA had balances of 244 million and 252 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For more information, see Note 6 of the Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Performance: The table below provides an analysis of conventional loans delinquent or in the process of foreclosure, along with the national average serious delinquency rate. 
 Conventional Loan Delinquencies (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Early stage delinquencies - unpaid principal balance (1) 
 31 33 Serious delinquencies - unpaid principal balance (2) 
 12 24 Early stage delinquency rate (3) 
 0.5 0.5 Serious delinquency rate (4) 
 0.2 0.3 National average serious delinquency rate (5) 
 1.4 2.3 
 (1) Includes conventional loans 30 to 89 days delinquent and not in foreclosure. 
 (2) Includes conventional loans that are 90 days or more past due or where the decision of foreclosure or a similar alternative such as pursuit of deed-in-lieu has been reported. 
 (3) Early stage delinquencies expressed as a percentage of the total conventional loan portfolio. 
 (4) Serious delinquencies expressed as a percentage of the total conventional loan portfolio. 
 (5) National average number of fixed-rate prime and subprime conventional loans that are 90 days or more past due or in the process of foreclosure is based on the most recent national delinquency data available. The December 31, 2022 rate is based on September 30, 2022 data. 
 
 Overall, the MPP has experienced a minimal amount of delinquencies, with delinquency rates continuing to be well below national averages. 
 
 We consider a high risk loan as having a current loan-to-value ratio above 100 percent. At December 31, 2022, we had less than 1 million of loans with a current loan-to-value ratio above 100 percent. Historically, high risk loans have experienced a minimal amount of serious delinquencies. We believe these data further support our view that the overall portfolio is comprised of high-quality, well-performing loans. 
 
 Credit Losses: Residual credit risk exposure depends on the actual and potential credit performance of the loans in each pool compared to the pool's equity (on individual loans) and credit enhancements. Our available credit enhancements at December 31, 2022 were ample and able to cover nearly all of the estimated gross credit losses. As a result, estimated credit losses at December 31, 2022 were less than 1 million. Estimated credit losses, after credit enhancements, are accounted for in the allowance for credit losses or as a charge off (i.e., a reduction to the principal of mortgage loans held for portfolio). 
 
 Separate from our allowance for credit losses analysis, we regularly analyze potential adverse scenarios of lifetime credit risk exposure for the loans in the MPP. Even under severely adverse macroeconomic scenarios, we expect credit losses to remain low. 
 
 Investments 
 Liquidity Investments: We purchase liquidity investments from counterparties that have a strong ability to repay principal and interest. These investments can be converted to cash and may be unsecured, guaranteed or supported by the U.S. government, or secured (i.e., collateralized). For unsecured liquidity investments, we invest in the debt securities of highly rated, investment-grade institutions, have appropriate and conservative limits on dollar and maturity exposure to each institution, and have strong credit underwriting practices, including active monitoring of credit quality of our counterparties and of the environment in which they operate. 
 
 Our unsecured liquidity investments to a counterparty or group of affiliated counterparties are limited by Finance Agency regulations to maturities of no more than nine months and limited to a dollar amount based on a percentage of eligible regulatory capital (defined as the lessor of our regulatory capital or the eligible amount of a counterparty's Tier 1 capital). The permissible percentage ranges from 1 percent to 15 percent. The permissible range is solely based on consideration of the internal credit risk ratings of unsecured counterparties as required by Finance Agency regulations. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 The lowest long-term credit rating for a counterparty to which we are permitted to extend credit on an unsecured basis is double-B. However, we have generally only invested funds on an unsecured basis with eligible institutions that have long-term credit ratings of at least single-A. In addition, we restrict maturities, reduce dollar exposure, and avoid new investments with counterparties we deem to represent elevated credit risk. Furthermore, a portion of our total liquidity investments are with counterparties for which the investments are secured with collateral (secured resale agreements). We believe these investments present no credit risk exposure to us. 
 
 The following table presents the carrying value of liquidity investments outstanding in relation to the counterparties' lowest long-term credit ratings provided by Standard Poor's, Moody's, and/or Fitch Advisory Services. Our internal ratings of these investments may differ from those obtained from Standard Poor's, Moody's, and/or Fitch Advisory Services. The historical or current ratings displayed in this table should not be taken as an indication of future ratings. 
 
 (In millions) December 31, 2022 Long-Term Rating AA A Unrated Total Unsecured Liquidity Investments Interest-bearing deposits 1,770 1,770 Federal funds sold 1,804 3,595 5,399 Total unsecured liquidity investments 1,804 5,365 7,169 Guaranteed/Secured Liquidity Investments Securities purchased under agreements to resell 35 485 520 U.S. Treasury obligations 7,733 7,733 GSE obligations 1,606 1,606 Total guaranteed/secured liquidity investments 9,374 485 9,859 Total liquidity investments 11,178 5,365 485 17,028 
 
 Some counterparties used to transact our securities purchased under agreements to resell are not rated by an NRSRO because they are not issuers of debt or are otherwise not required to be rated by an NRSRO. However, each of the counterparties are considered to have the equivalent of at least an investment grade rating based on our internal ratings resulting from a fundamental credit analysis. Securities purchased under agreements to resell are secured by the following types of collateral: U.S. Treasury obligations, U.S. agency/GSE obligations, or U.S. agency/GSE MBS. At December 31, 2022, the collateral received had long-term credit ratings of AA, based on the lowest long-term credit ratings of the issuer as provided by Standard Poor s, Moody s, and/or Fitch Advisory Services. The terms of our securities purchased under agreements to resell are structured such that if the fair value of the underlying securities decreases below the fair value required as collateral, the counterparty must place an equivalent amount of additional securities as collateral or remit an equivalent amount of cash. Additionally, these investments primarily mature overnight. All overnight investments in securities purchased under agreements to resell outstanding at December 31, 2022 were repaid according to the contractual terms. 
 
 Liquidity investments were not materially different from the balances held at December 31, 2021. Liquidity investments generally fluctuate because of changes in the amount of actual Advances, anticipated demand for Advances, regulatory liquidity requirements, the availability of acceptable net spreads, and the number of eligible counterparties that meet our unsecured credit risk criteria. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the lowest long-term credit ratings provided by Standard Poor's, Moody's, and/or Fitch Advisory Services of our unsecured investment credit exposure by the domicile of the counterparty or the domicile of the counterparty's immediate parent for U.S. branches and agency offices of foreign commercial banks. Our internal ratings of these investments may differ from those obtained from Standard Poor's, Moody's, and/or Fitch Advisory Services. The historical or current ratings displayed in this table should not be taken as an indication of future ratings. 
 
 (In millions) December 31, 2022 Counterparty Rating Domicile of Counterparty AA A Total Domestic 1,770 1,770 U.S. branches and agency offices of foreign commercial banks: 
 Australia 1,850 1,850 Canada 1,100 400 1,500 Netherlands 800 800 Finland 704 704 United Kingdom 395 395 Germany 150 150 Total U.S. branches and agency offices of foreign commercial banks 
 1,804 3,595 5,399 Total unsecured investment credit exposure 1,804 5,365 7,169 
 
 We restrict a significant portion of unsecured lending to overnight maturities, which further limits risk exposure to these counterparties. By Finance Agency regulation, all counterparties exposed to non-U.S. countries are required to be domestic U.S. branches of foreign counterparties. 
 
 MBS: 
 
 GSE MBS 
 At December 31, 2022, 15.4 billion of MBS held were GSE securities issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which provide credit safeguards by guaranteeing either timely or ultimate payments of principal and interest. We believe that the conservatorships of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac lower the chance that they would not be able to fulfill their credit guarantees. In addition, based on the data available to us and our purchase practices, we believe that most of the mortgage loans backing our GSE MBS are of high quality with acceptable credit performance. 
 
 MBS Issued by Other Government Agencies 
 We also invest in MBS issued and guaranteed by Ginnie Mae. These investments totaled 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022. We believe that the strength of Ginnie Mae's guarantee and backing by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government is sufficient to protect us against credit losses on these securities. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Derivatives 
 Credit Risk Exposure: We mitigate most of the credit risk exposure resulting from derivative transactions through collateralization or use of daily settled contracts. The table below presents derivative positions to which we had credit risk exposure at December 31, 2022. 
 
 (In millions) Total Notional Net Derivatives Fair Value Before Collateral Cash Collateral Pledged to (from) Counterparties Net Credit Exposure to Counterparties Nonmember counterparties: Asset positions with credit exposure: Uncleared derivatives: A-rated 210 3 (3) Total uncleared derivatives 
 210 3 (3) Cleared derivatives (1) 
 43,067 28 455 483 Liability positions with credit exposure: Uncleared derivatives: A-rated 3,592 (30) 35 5 BBB-rated 1,285 (22) 24 2 Total uncleared derivatives 4,877 (52) 59 7 Cleared derivatives (1) 
 307 1 1 Member institutions (2) 
 2 Total 48,463 (21) 512 491 
 (1) Represents derivative transactions cleared with LCH Ltd. and CME Clearing, the FHLB's clearinghouses. LCH Ltd. is rated AA- by Standard Poor's, and CME Clearing is not rated, but its parent company, CME Group Inc., is rated Aa3 by Moody's and AA- by Standard Poor's. 
 (2) Represents Mandatory Delivery Contracts. 
 
 Our exposure to cleared derivatives is primarily associated with the requirement to post initial margin through the clearing agent to the Derivatives Clearing Organizations. We pledge cash as collateral to satisfy this initial margin requirement. However, the use of cleared derivatives mitigates credit risk exposure because a central counterparty is substituted for individual counterparties. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the net exposure of uncleared derivatives with residual credit risk exposure was less than 7 million. If interest rates rise or the composition of our derivatives change resulting in an increase to our gross exposure to uncleared derivatives, the contractual collateral provisions in these derivatives would limit our net exposure to acceptable levels. 
 
 Although we cannot predict if we will realize credit risk losses from any of our derivatives counterparties, we believe that all of the counterparties will be able to continue making timely interest payments and, more generally, to continue to satisfy the terms and conditions of their derivative contracts with us. As of December 31, 2022, we had 0.3 billion of notional amount of interest rate swaps with a subsidiary of our member, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., which also had outstanding credit services with us. Due to the amount of market value collateralization, we had a de minimis amount of credit exposure to this counterparty related to interest rate swaps outstanding. 

Liquidity Risk 
 
 Liquidity Overview 
 We strive to be in a liquidity position at all times to meet the borrowing needs of our members and to meet all current and future financial commitments. This objective is achieved by managing liquidity positions to maintain stable, reliable, and cost-effective sources of funds while taking into account market conditions, member demand, and the maturity profile of assets and liabilities. Our liquidity position complies with the FHLBank Act, Finance Agency regulations, and internal policies. 
 The FHLBank System's primary source of funds is the sale of Consolidated Obligations in the capital markets. Our ability to obtain funds through the sale of Consolidated Obligations at acceptable interest costs depends on the financial market's perception of the riskiness of the Obligations and on prevailing conditions in the capital markets, particularly the short-term 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 capital markets. The System's favorable debt ratings, which takes into account our status as a GSE, and our effective risk management practices are instrumental in ensuring stable and satisfactory access to the capital markets. 
 
 We believe our liquidity position, as well as that of the System, continued to be strong during 2022. Our overall ability to effectively fund our operations through debt issuances remained sufficient. Investor demand for System debt was robust in 2022, as investors continued to prefer short-term, high-quality money market instruments. We believe there is a low probability of a liquidity or funding crisis in the System that would impair our ability to participate, on a cost-effective basis, in issuances of debt, service outstanding debt, maintain adequate capitalization, or pay competitive dividends. However, in light of the uncertainty regarding the U.S. government's debt ceiling, we are closely monitoring our liquidity position in preparation for the possibility of a disorderly market caused by potential government debt defaults. 
 
 The System works collectively to manage and monitor the System-wide liquidity and funding risks. Liquidity risk includes the risk that the System could have difficulty rolling over short-term Obligations when market conditions change, also called refinancing risk. The System has a large reliance on short-term funding; therefore, it has a sharp focus on managing liquidity risk to very low levels. As shown on the Statements of Cash Flows, in 2022, our portion of the System's debt issuances totaled 259.2 billion for Discount Notes and 85.8 billion for Bonds. Access to short-term debt markets has been reliable because investors, driven by liquidity preferences and risk aversion, have sought the System s short-term debt, which has resulted in strong demand for debt maturing in one year or less. 
 
 See the Notes to Financial Statements for more detailed information regarding maturities of certain financial assets and liabilities which are instrumental in determining the amount of liquidity risk. In addition to contractual maturities, other assumptions regarding cash flows such as estimated prepayments, embedded call optionality, and scheduled amortization are considered when managing liquidity risks. 
 
 Liquidity Management and Regulatory Requirements 
 We manage liquidity risk by ensuring compliance with our regulatory liquidity requirements and regularly monitoring other metrics. 
 
 The Finance Agency establishes the expectations with respect to the maintenance of sufficient liquidity without access to the capital markets for a specified number of days, which was set as a period of between 10 to 30 calendar days in the base case. Under these expectations, all Advance maturities are assumed to renew, unless the Advances relate to former members who are ineligible to borrow new Advances. The maintenance of sufficient liquidity is intended to provide additional assurance that we can continue to provide Advances and Letters of Credit to members over an extended period without access to the capital markets. As of December 31, 2022, the number of days our regulatory liquidity balances were positive was within these expectations. 
 
 The Finance Agency also provides guidance related to asset/liability maturity funding gap limits. Funding gap metrics measure the difference between assets and liabilities that are scheduled to mature during a specified period of time and are expressed as a percentage of total assets. Although subject to change depending on conditions in the financial markets, the current regulatory requirement for funding gaps is between -10 percent to -20 percent for the three-month maturity horizon and is between -25 percent to -35 percent for the one-year maturity horizon. As of December 31, 2022, we were operating within those limits. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 To support our member deposits, we also must meet a statutory deposit reserve requirement. The sum of our investments in obligations of the United States, deposits in eligible banks or trust companies, and Advances with a final maturity not exceeding five years must equal or exceed the current amount of member deposits. The following table presents the components of this liquidity requirement. 
 
 (In millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Deposit Reserve Requirement Total Eligible Deposit Reserves 80,428 35,230 Total Member Deposits (1,043) (1,416) Excess Deposit Reserves 79,385 33,814 
 
 Member Concentration Risk 
 
 We regularly assess concentration risks from business activity. We believe the effect on credit risk exposure from borrower concentration is minimal because of our application of credit risk mitigations, the most important of which is over-collateralization of borrowings. Advance concentration has a minimal effect on market risk exposure because Advances are largely funded by Consolidated Obligations and interest rate swaps that have similar interest rate characteristics. Furthermore, additional increases in Advance concentration would not materially affect capital adequacy because Advance growth is supported by new purchases of capital stock as required by the Capital Plan. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 Operational risk is defined as the risk of an unexpected loss resulting from human error, fraud, inability to enforce legal contracts, or deficiencies in internal controls or information systems. We mitigate operational risks through adherence to internal policies, conformance with entity level controls, and through an emphasis on the importance of risk management, as further discussed below. In addition, the Internal Audit Department, which reports directly to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, regularly monitors and tests compliance with our policies, procedures and applicable regulatory requirements. 
 
 Internal Department Procedures and Controls 
 Each of our departments maintains and regularly reviews and enhances, as needed, a system of internal procedures and controls, including those that address proper segregation of duties. Each system is designed to prevent any one individual from processing the entirety of a transaction that affects member accounts, correspondent FHLB accounts or third-party servicers providing support to us. We review daily and periodic transaction activity reports in a timely manner to detect erroneous or fraudulent activity. Procedures and controls also are assessed on an enterprise-wide basis, independently from the business unit departments. We also are in compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley Sections 302 and 404, which focus on the control environment over financial reporting. 
 
 Information Systems 
 We rely heavily upon internal and third-party information systems and other technology to conduct and manage our business. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. Our computer systems, software and networks may be subjected to cyberattacks (e.g., breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code and other events) that could jeopardize the confidentiality or integrity of such information, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations. 
 
 We mitigate the risk associated with cyberattacks through the implementation of multiple layers of security controls. Administrative, physical, and logical controls are in place for establishing, administering and actively monitoring system access, sensitive data, and system change. Additionally, separate groups within our organization and/or third parties test the strength of our security controls and responses, and recommend changes as needed to bolster resilience to security risks. 
 
 Disaster Recovery Provisions 
 We have a Business Resiliency Management Plan that provides us with the ability to maintain operations in various scenarios of business disruption. We review and update this plan periodically to ensure that it serves our changing operational needs and those of our members. In case of business disruptions, we have an off-site facility in a suburb of Cincinnati, Ohio, which is kept ready for use and tested at least annually, and employees are set up to work from home. We also have a back-up agreement in place with another FHLBank in the event that both of our Cincinnati-based facilities are inoperable. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Insurance Coverage 
 We have insurance coverage for cyber risks, employee fraud, forgery and wrongdoing, and Directors' and Officers' liability. This coverage primarily provides protection for claims alleging breach of duty, misappropriation of funds, neglect, acts of omission, employment practices, and fiduciary liability. We also have property, casualty, computer equipment, automobile, and various other types of coverage. 
 
 Human Resources Policies and Procedures 
 The risks associated with our Human Resources function are categorized as either Employment Practices Risk or Human Capital Risk. Employment Practices Risk is the potential failure to properly administer our policies regarding employment practices and compensation and benefit programs for eligible staff and retirees, and the potential failure to observe and properly comply with federal, state and municipal laws and regulations. Comprehensive policies and procedures are in place to limit Employment Practices Risk. These are supported by an established internal control system that is routinely monitored and audited. 
 
 Human Capital Risk is the potential inability to attract and retain appropriate levels of qualified human resources to maintain efficient operations. With respect to Human Capital Risk, we strive to maintain a competitive salary and benefit structure, which is regularly reviewed and updated as appropriate to attract and retain qualified staff. In addition, we have a management succession plan that is reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors. See "Human Capital Resources" in Item 1. Business for further discussion. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 Introduction 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make a number of significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities (if applicable), and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported periods. Although management believes its judgments, estimates, and assumptions are reasonable, actual results may differ and other parties could arrive at different conclusions. 
 
 We have identified the following critical accounting policies that require management to make subjective or complex judgments about inherently uncertain matters. Our financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected under different conditions or different assumptions related to these accounting policies. 
 
 Accounting for Derivatives and Hedging Activity 
 
 In accordance with Finance Agency regulations, we execute all derivatives to manage market risk exposure, not for speculation or solely for earnings enhancement. We record derivative instruments at their fair values on the Statements of Condition, and we record changes in these fair values in current period earnings. We strive to ensure that our use of derivatives maximizes the probability that they are highly effective in offsetting changes in the market values of the designated balance sheet instruments. 
 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 As indicated in the "Use of Derivatives in Market Risk Management" section of "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Risk Management," we designate a portion of our derivatives as fair value hedges. Fair value hedge accounting permits the changes in fair values of the hedged risk in the hedged instruments to be recorded in the current period, thus offsetting the change in fair value of the derivatives. For derivatives accounted for as fair value hedges, generally the hedged risk is designated to be changes in the eligible benchmark interest rate. The result is that there has been a relatively small amount of unrealized earnings volatility from hedging market risk with derivatives. 
 
 In order to determine if a derivative qualifies for fair value hedge accounting, we must assess how effective the derivative has been, and is expected to be, in hedging changes in the fair values of the risk being hedged. Each month we perform effectiveness testing using a consistently applied standard statistical methodology, regression analysis, which measures the degree of correlation and relationship between the changes in fair values of the derivative and hedged instrument. The results of the statistical measures must pass predefined threshold values to enable us to conclude that the changes in fair values of the derivative transaction have a close correlation with the changes in fair values of the hedged instrument. If any measure is outside of its respective tolerance, the hedge would no longer qualify for fair value hedge accounting. This means we must then record the fair value change of the derivative in current earnings without any offset in the fair value change of the related 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 hedged instrument. Due to the intentional matching of terms between the derivative and the hedged instrument, we expect that failing an effectiveness test will be infrequent, which has been the case historically. 
 
 If a derivative/hedged instrument transaction fails effectiveness testing, it does not mean that the hedge relationship is no longer successful in achieving its intended economic purpose. For example, a Consolidated Obligation hedged with an interest rate swap creates adjustable-rate funding, which is used to match fund adjustable-rate and other short-term Advances. The hedge achieves the desired result (matching the net funding with the asset) because, economically, the Advance is part of the overall hedging strategy and the reason for engaging in the derivative transaction. 
 
 Each month, we compute fair values on all derivatives and related hedged instruments across a range of interest rate scenarios. For derivatives receiving long-haul fair value hedge accounting, the additional amount of earnings volatility under an assumption of stressed interest rate environments as of year-end 2022 was in a range of negative 2 million to positive 16 million. This range is minimal compared to the notional principal amount. 
 
 Fair Value Option Economic Hedge 
 We account for a portion of Advance and Consolidated Obligation-related derivatives using an accounting election called "fair value option," which is included in the economic hedge category. An economic hedge under the fair value option does not require passing effectiveness testing to permit the derivative's fair market value to be offset with the market value of the hedged instrument, as is required under a fair value hedge. However, it records the fair market value of the hedged instrument at its full fair value instead of only the value related to the benchmark interest rate. The effect of electing full fair value is that the hedged instrument's market value includes the impact of changes in spreads between the designated benchmark interest rate and the interest rate index related to the hedged instrument, as well as other risk components, such as liquidity. Therefore, full fair value results in a different kind of unrealized earnings volatility, which could be higher or lower, compared to accounting under fair value hedge treatment. 
 
 Fair Values 
 
 We carry certain assets and liabilities on the Statement of Conditions at estimated fair value, including all derivatives, investments classified as available-for-sale and trading, and any financial instruments where we elected the fair value option. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset, or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Because our financial instruments generally do not have available quoted market prices, we determine fair values based on 1) our valuation models or 2) dealer indications, which may be based on the dealers' own valuation models and/or prices of similar instruments. 
 
 Valuation models and their underlying assumptions are based on the best estimates of management with respect to discount rates, prepayments, market volatility, and other factors. These assumptions may have a significant effect on the reported fair values of assets and liabilities, and the income and expense related thereto. The use of different assumptions or changes in the models and assumptions, as well as changes in market conditions, could result in materially different net income and retained earnings. 
 
 We have control processes designed to ensure that fair value measurements are appropriate and reliable, that they are based on observable inputs wherever possible and that our valuation approaches and assumptions are reasonable and consistently applied. Where applicable, valuations are also compared to alternative external market data (e.g., quoted market prices, broker or dealer indications, pricing services and comparative analyses to similar instruments). For further discussion regarding how we measure financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value, see Note 15 of the Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 We categorize each of our financial instruments carried at fair value into one of three levels in accordance with the fair value hierarchy. The hierarchy is based upon the transparency (observable or unobservable) of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources (Levels 1 and 2), while unobservable inputs reflect our assumptions of market variables (Level 3). Management utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Because items classified as Level 3 are valued using significant unobservable inputs, the process for determining the fair value of these items is generally more subjective and involves a high degree of management judgment and use of assumptions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all of our assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis were classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. 

68 

Table of Contents 

 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS 
 
 See Note 2 of the Notes to Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards and interpretations. 

OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Investments 
 
 Data on investments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are provided in the tables below. 
 (In millions) Carrying Value at December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest-bearing deposits 
 1,770 340 555 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 520 1,282 1,818 Federal funds sold 
 5,399 5,505 4,240 Trading securities: 
 U.S. Treasury obligations 
 492 5,031 8,362 GSE obligations 
 1,488 1,750 2,126 Total trading securities 
 1,980 6,781 10,488 Available-for-sale securities: 
 U.S. Treasury obligations 
 7,194 4,499 GSE obligations 
 118 135 142 MBS: 
 GSE multi-family 1,320 633 150 Total available-for-sale securities 
 8,632 5,267 292 Held-to-maturity securities: 
 U.S. Treasury obligations 
 47 47 42 MBS: 
 U.S. obligation single-family 1,232 1,057 986 GSE single-family 1,632 1,860 3,013 GSE multi-family 12,393 7,253 5,607 Total held-to-maturity securities 
 15,304 10,217 9,648 Total securities 
 25,916 22,265 20,428 Total investments 
 33,605 29,392 27,041 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities had the following maturity and yield characteristics. 
 (Dollars in millions) Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five through 10 years Due after 10 years Carrying Value Available-for-sale securities: 
 U.S. Treasury obligations 
 2,503 4,691 7,194 GSE obligations 
 74 34 10 118 MBS (1) : 
 GSE multi-family 1,320 1,320 Total available-for-sale securities 
 2,577 6,045 10 8,632 Yield on available-for sale securities (2) 
 2.13 1.88 3.07 Held-to-maturity securities: 
 U.S. Treasury obligations 
 47 47 MBS (1) : 
 U.S. obligation single-family 1,232 1,232 GSE single-family 4 17 1,611 1,632 GSE multi-family 1,534 10,691 168 12,393 Total held-to-maturity securities 
 47 1,538 10,708 3,011 15,304 Yield on held-to-maturity securities (2) 
 2.93 4.57 4.25 2.97 
 (1) MBS allocated based on contractual principal maturities assuming no prepayments. 
 (2) The yields on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities represent weighted averages of the coupon rates adjusted by the impact of amortization and accretion of premiums and discounts for the total debt securities in the applicable portfolio. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Advances 
 The following table presents Advances by product type and redemption term, including index-amortizing Advances, which are presented according to their predetermined amortization schedules. 
 (In millions) December 31, Types of Advances by Redemption Term 2022 2021 Fixed-rate: Due in 1 year or less 42,188 10,845 Due after 1 year through 3 years 3,034 2,765 Due after 3 years through 5 years 2,957 1,176 Due after 5 years through 15 years 858 520 Thereafter 4 3 Total par value 49,041 15,309 Fixed-rate, callable or prepayable (1) : 
 Due in 1 year or less Due after 1 year through 3 years 19 Due after 3 years through 5 years Due after 5 years through 15 years 21 Thereafter Total par value 40 Fixed-rate, putable: Due in 1 year or less Due after 1 year through 3 years 5 34 Due after 3 years through 5 years 80 23 Due after 5 years through 15 years 935 2,410 Thereafter Total par value 1,020 2,467 Variable-rate: Due in 1 year or less 6,254 86 Due after 1 year through 3 years 3,912 3 Due after 3 years through 5 years 50 116 Due after 5 years through 15 years Thereafter Total par value 10,216 205 Variable-rate, callable or prepayable (1) : 
 Due in 1 year or less 2,745 361 Due after 1 year through 3 years 1,506 11 Due after 3 years through 5 years 1,500 3,004 Due after 5 years through 15 years Thereafter Total par value 5,751 3,376 Other (2) : 
 Due in 1 year or less 304 317 Due after 1 year through 3 years 416 452 Due after 3 years through 5 years 294 336 Due after 5 years through 15 years 374 437 Thereafter 12 15 Total par value 1,400 1,557 Total par value Advances 67,428 22,954 
 (1) Prepayable Advances are those Advances that may be contractually prepaid by the borrower on specified dates without incurring prepayment or termination fees. 
 (2) Includes fixed-rate amortizing/mortgage matched and other fixed-rate Advances. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

Mortgage Loans 
 
 The following table presents mortgage loan redemptions according to their predetermined amortization schedules. All of our mortgage loans have fixed rates. 
 (In millions) December 31, Redemption Term 2022 2021 Due in 1 year or less 255 265 Due after 1 year through 5 years 1,052 1,107 Due after 5 years through 15 years 2,630 2,752 Thereafter 3,069 3,278 Total unpaid principal balance 7,006 7,402 
 
 The following table presents certain credit risk related balances and ratios for mortgage loans. 
 (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Unpaid Principal Balance Mortgage loans held for portfolio 7,006 7,402 Average loans outstanding during the period 7,263 7,931 Non-accrual loans 1 2 Allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans held for portfolio Net charge-offs Ratios (1) 
 Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding during the period Allowance for credit losses to mortgage loans held for portfolio Non-accrual loans to mortgage loans held for portfolio 0.02 0.02 Allowance for credit losses to non-accrual loans 21.44 14.57 
 (1) The ratios have been computed using dollars in thousands. Accordingly, recalculations based upon the disclosed amounts in millions may produce nominally different results. 
 
 Uninsured Term Deposits 
 
 The table below presents the maturities for uninsured term deposits: 
 (In millions) 
 By remaining maturity at December 31, 2022 
 3 months or less Over 3 months but within 6 months Over 6 months but within 12 months Over 12 months but within 24 months Total Uninsured term deposits 12 22 9 13 56 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Information required under this Item is set forth in the Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Risk Management caption at Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of this report. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of condition of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati (the FHLB as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of income, of comprehensive income, of capital and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the FHLB's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the FHLB as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the FHLB maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The FHLB's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the FHLB s financial statements and on the FHLB's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the FHLB in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates . 
 
 Valuation of Interest-Rate Derivatives and Hedged Items 
 
 As described in Notes 7 and 15 to the financial statements, the FHLB uses derivatives to manage interest-rate risk and reduce funding costs, among other risk management objectives. The total notional amount of derivatives as of December 31, 2022 was 50.8 billion, of which 42 were designated as hedging instruments, and the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 was 490.6 million and 0.5 million, respectively. The fair values of interest-rate derivatives and hedged items are determined using the standard valuation technique of discounted cash flow analysis, which uses market-observable inputs, such as discount rate, forward interest rate, and volatility assumptions. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of interest-rate derivatives and hedged items is a critical audit matter are the significant audit effort in evaluating the discount rate, forward interest rate, and volatility assumptions used to fair value these derivatives and hedged items, and the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of interest-rate derivatives and hedged items, including controls over the method, data and assumptions. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in developing an independent range of prices for a sample of interest rate derivatives and hedged items and comparison of management s estimate to the independently developed ranges. Developing the independent range of prices involved testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management and independently developing the discount rate, forward interest rate, and volatility assumptions. 

/s/ 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the FHLB s auditor since 1990. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF CINCINNATI 
 STATEMENTS OF CONDITION 

(In thousands, except par value) December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks (Note 3) Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold Investment securities: (Note 4) Trading securities Available-for-sale securities (amortized cost of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Held-to-maturity securities (fair value of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Total investment securities Advances (includes and at fair value under fair value option at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) (Note 5) 
 Mortgage loans held for portfolio, net of allowance for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (Note 6) 
 Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets (Note 7) Other assets, net TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES Deposits (Note 8) Consolidated Obligations: (Note 9) Discount Notes (includes and at fair value under fair value option at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Bonds (includes and at fair value under fair value option at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Total Consolidated Obligations Mandatorily redeemable capital stock (Note 11) Accrued interest payable Affordable Housing Program payable (Note 10) Derivative liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) CAPITAL (Note 11) Capital stock Class B putable par value); issued and outstanding shares: shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 Retained earnings: Unrestricted Restricted Total retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 12) ) Total capital TOTAL LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF CINCINNATI 
 STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 
 (In thousands) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 INTEREST INCOME: Advances Prepayment fees on Advances, net Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold Investment securities: Trading securities Available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities Total investment securities Mortgage loans held for portfolio Loans to other FHLBanks Total interest income INTEREST EXPENSE: Consolidated Obligations: Discount Notes Bonds Total Consolidated Obligations Deposits Loans from other FHLBanks Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Total interest expense NET INTEREST INCOME NON-INTEREST INCOME (LOSS): Net gains (losses) on investment securities ) ) Net gains (losses) on financial instruments held under fair value option 
 ) Net gains (losses) on derivatives ) Letters of Credit fees Other, net Total non-interest income (loss) ) ) ) NON-INTEREST EXPENSE: Compensation and benefits Other operating expenses Finance Agency Office of Finance Other Total non-interest expense INCOME BEFORE ASSESSMENTS Affordable Housing Program assessments NET INCOME 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF CINCINNATI 
 STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 (In thousands) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) adjustments: Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities 
 ) Pension and postretirement benefits ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) adjustments 
 ) Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF CINCINNATI 
 STATEMENTS OF CAPITAL 
 
 (In thousands) Capital Stock Class B - Putable Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shares Par Value Unrestricted Restricted Total Capital BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2019 ) Adjustment for cumulative effect of accounting change Comprehensive income (loss) Proceeds from sale of capital stock Repurchase of capital stock ) ) ) Net shares reclassified to mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) ) Partial recovery of prior capital distribution to Financing Corporation 
 Cash dividends on capital stock ) ) ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2020 ) Comprehensive income (loss) Proceeds from sale of capital stock Repurchase of capital stock ) ) ) Net shares reclassified to mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) ) Cash dividends on capital stock ) ) ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2021 Comprehensive income (loss) ) Proceeds from sale of capital stock Repurchase of capital stock ) ) ) Net shares reclassified to mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) ) Cash dividends on capital stock ) ) ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF CINCINNATI 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 (In thousands) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization/(accretion) Net change in derivative and hedging activities 
 ) Net change in fair value adjustments on trading securities ) Net change in fair value adjustments on financial instruments held under fair value option 
 ) ) Other adjustments, net Net change in: Accrued interest receivable ) Other assets ) ) Accrued interest payable ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Total adjustments ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Net change in: Interest-bearing deposits ) ) Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold ) Premises, software, and equipment ) ) ) Trading securities: Proceeds from maturities and paydowns Proceeds from sales Purchases ) Available-for-sale securities: Proceeds from maturities and paydowns Purchases ) ) ) Held-to-maturity securities: Proceeds from maturities and paydowns Purchases ) ) ) Advances: Repaid Originated ) ) ) Mortgage loans held for portfolio: Principal collected Purchases ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 (continued from previous page) FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF CINCINNATI STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Net change in deposits and pass-through reserves ) Net proceeds (payments) on derivative contracts with financing elements ) Net proceeds from issuance of Consolidated Obligations: Discount Notes Bonds Payments for maturing and retiring Consolidated Obligations: Discount Notes ) ) ) Bonds ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of capital stock Payments for repurchase of capital stock 
 ) ) ) Payments for repurchase/redemption of mandatorily redeemable capital stock 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Partial recovery of prior capital distribution to Financing Corporation 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and due from banks ) ) Cash and due from banks at beginning of the period Cash and due from banks at end of the period Supplemental Disclosures: Interest paid Affordable Housing Program payments, net 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF CINCINNATI 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

District Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks). The FHLBanks are government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) that serve the public by enhancing the availability of credit for residential mortgages and targeted community development. The FHLB provides a readily available, competitively-priced source of funds to its member institutions. The FHLB is a cooperative whose member institutions own nearly all of the capital stock of the FHLB and may receive dividends on their investment to the extent declared by the FHLB's Board of Directors. Former members own the remaining capital stock to support business transactions still carried on the FHLB's Statements of Condition. Regulated financial depositories and insurance companies engaged in residential housing finance may apply for membership. Housing associates, including state and local housing authorities, may also borrow from the FHLB; while eligible to borrow, housing authorities are not members of the FHLB and, therefore, are not allowed to hold capital stock. A housing authority is eligible to utilize the Advance programs of the FHLB if it meets applicable statutory requirements. It must be a U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development approved mortgagee and must also meet applicable mortgage lending, financial condition, as well as charter, inspection and supervision requirements. 
 
 All members must purchase stock in the FHLB. Members must own capital stock in the FHLB based on the amount of their total assets. Each member also may be required to purchase activity-based capital stock as it engages in certain business activities with the FHLB. As a result of these requirements, the FHLB conducts business with stockholders in the normal course of business. For financial statement purposes, the FHLB defines related parties as those members with more than 10 percent of the voting interests of the FHLB's outstanding capital stock. See Note 18 for more information relating to transactions with stockholders. 
 
 The Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency), an independent agency in the executive branch of the U.S. government, supervises and regulates the FHLBanks, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) and Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae). The Finance Agency's stated mission, with respect to the FHLBanks, is to ensure the FHLBanks fulfill their mission by operating in a safe and sound manner to serve as a reliable source of liquidity and funding for the housing finance market throughout the economic cycle. 
 
 Each FHLBank operates as a separate entity with its own management, employees, and board of directors. The FHLB does not sponsor any special purpose entities or any other type of off-balance sheet conduits. 

Note 1 - 

Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 Cash Flows. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

Use of Estimates. 
 
 Fair Values. See Note 15 for more information. 
 
 Interest-Bearing Deposits, Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell, and Federal Funds Sold. 

Debt Securities. 

82 

Table of Contents 

Held-to-Maturity. 

Advances. 

83 

Table of Contents 

Mortgage Loans Held for Portfolio. 

84 

Table of Contents 

Premises, Software and Equipment, Net. 
 
 Premises, software and equipment were and , which was net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the depreciation and amortization expense for premises, software and equipment was , , and , respectively. 
 
 Leases. and of operating lease right-of-use assets in other assets, net, and and of operating lease liabilities in other liabilities. The FHLB recognized operating lease costs in the other operating expenses line of the Statement of Income of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Derivatives and Hedging Activities. 

85 

Table of Contents 

86 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Obligations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposures. 
 
 Mandatorily Redeemable Capital Stock. 

Restricted Retained Earnings. 
 
 Letters of Credit. The FHLB records commitment fees for Letters of Credit as deferred income when it receives the fees and accretes them using a straight-line methodology over the term of the Letter of Credit. Based upon past experience, the FHLB's management believes that the likelihood of Letters of Credit being drawn upon is remote. 
 
 Finance Agency Expenses. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Office of Finance Expenses. 
 
 Voluntary Housing Programs. The FHLB classifies amounts awarded under its voluntary housing programs as other non-interest expenses. 

Note 2 - 

Note 3 - 

88 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively. 

Note 4 - 
 
 allowance for credit losses was recorded for these assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Carrying values of interest-bearing deposits and Federal funds sold exclude accrued interest receivable of (in thousands) and as of December 31, 2022, and and as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Securities purchased under agreements to resell are short-term and are structured such that they are evaluated regularly to determine if the market value of the underlying securities decreases below the market value required as collateral (i.e., subject to collateral maintenance provisions). If so, the counterparty must place an equivalent amount of additional securities as collateral or remit an equivalent amount of cash, generally by the next business day. Based upon the collateral held as security and collateral maintenance provisions with counterparties, the FHLB determined that allowance for credit losses was needed for its securities purchased under agreements to resell at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The carrying value of securities purchased under agreements to resell excludes accrued interest receivable of (in thousands) and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Debt Securities 
 
 The FHLB invests in debt securities, which are classified as either trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity. The FHLB is prohibited by Finance Agency regulations from purchasing certain higher-risk securities, such as equity securities and debt instruments that are not investment quality, other than certain investments targeted at low-income persons or communities and instruments that experienced credit deterioration after their purchase by the FHLB. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

GSE obligations Total non-MBS Mortgage-backed securities (MBS): U.S. obligation single-family Total MBS Total 
 
 Table 4.2 -) ) Net gains (losses) on trading securities sold/matured during the period ) ) ) Net gains (losses) on trading securities ) ) 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

) GSE obligations ) Total non-MBS ) MBS: GSE multi-family ) Total MBS ) Total ) December 31, 2021 Amortized 
 Cost (1) 
 Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Non-MBS: U.S. Treasury obligations GSE obligations Total non-MBS MBS: GSE multi-family ) Total MBS ) Total ) 
 (1) and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

) ) GSE obligations ) ) Total non-MBS ) ) MBS: GSE multi-family MBS ) ) ) Total MBS ) ) ) Total ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or more Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses GSE multi-family MBS ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Table 4.5 - 
 Due after 1 year through 5 years Due after 5 years through 10 years Due after 10 years Total non-MBS MBS (1) 
 Total 
 (1) 
 
 Table 4.6 - 
 Total amortized cost of non-MBS Amortized cost of MBS: Fixed-rate Total amortized cost of MBS Total 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 sales of securities out of its available-for-sale portfolio for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Held-to-Maturity Securities 
 
 Table 4.7 - 
 ) Total non-MBS ) MBS: U.S. obligation single-family ) GSE single-family ) GSE multi-family ) Total MBS ) Total ) December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost (1) 
 Gross Unrecognized Holding Gains Gross Unrecognized Holding Losses Fair Value Non-MBS: U.S. Treasury obligations Total non-MBS MBS: U.S. obligation single-family ) GSE single-family GSE multi-family ) Total MBS ) Total ) 
 
 (1) and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

Due after 1 year through 5 years Due after 5 years through 10 years Due after 10 years Total non-MBS MBS (2) 
 Total 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 Table 4.9 - 
 Total amortized cost of non-MBS Amortized cost of MBS: Fixed-rate Variable-rate Total amortized cost of MBS Total 
 
 From time to time the FHLB may sell securities out of its held-to-maturity portfolio. These securities, generally, have less than 15 percent of the acquired principal outstanding at the time of the sale. These sales are considered maturities for the purposes of security classification. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the FHLB did t sell any held-to-maturity securities. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Securities 
 
 The FHLB evaluates available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investment securities for credit losses on a quarterly basis. The FHLB s available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities are U.S. Treasury obligations, GSE obligations, and MBS issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae that are backed by single-family or multi-family mortgage loans. The FHLB only purchases securities considered investment quality. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, all available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities were rated single-A, or above, by an NRSRO, based on the lowest long-term credit rating for each security used by the FHLB. The FHLB s internal ratings of these securities may differ from those obtained from an NRSRO. 
 
 The FHLB evaluates individual available-for-sale securities for impairment by comparing the security s fair value to its amortized cost. Impairment may exist when the fair value of the investment is less than its amortized cost (i.e., in an unrealized loss position). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, certain available-for-sale securities were in an unrealized loss position. These losses are considered temporary as the FHLB expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis on these available-for-sale investment securities and does not intend to sell these securities nor considers it more likely than not that it will be required to sell these securities before the anticipated recovery of each security's remaining amortized cost basis. Further, the FHLB has not experienced any payment defaults on the instruments and all of these securities are highly-rated. In the case of U.S. obligations, they carry an explicit government guarantee. In the case of GSE securities, they are purchased under the assumption that the issuers' obligation to pay principal and interest on those securities will be honored, taking into account their status as GSEs. As a result, allowance for credit losses was recorded on these available-for-sale securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The FHLB evaluates its held-to-maturity securities for impairment on a collective, or pooled basis, unless an individual assessment is deemed necessary because the securities do not possess similar risk characteristics. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the FHLB had t established an allowance for credit loss on any held-to-maturity securities because the securities: (1) 
 94 

Table of Contents 

Note 5 - 

Due after 1 year through 2 years Due after 2 years through 3 years Due after 3 years through 4 years Due after 4 years through 5 years Thereafter Total principal amount Commitment fees ) ) Discounts ) ) Fair value hedging adjustments ) Fair value option valuation adjustments and accrued interest 
 ) ) Total (1) 
 
 (1) and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 The FHLB offers certain fixed- and variable-rate Advances to members that may be prepaid on specified dates (call dates) without incurring prepayment or termination fees (callable Advances). If the call option is exercised, replacement funding may be available to members. Other Advances may only be prepaid subject to a prepayment fee paid to the FHLB that makes the FHLB financially indifferent to the prepayment of the Advance. 
 
 Table 5.2 - 
 Due after 1 year through 2 years Due after 2 years through 3 years Due after 3 years through 4 years Due after 4 years through 5 years Thereafter Total principal amount 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

Due after 1 year through 2 years Due after 2 years through 3 years Due after 3 years through 4 years Due after 4 years through 5 years Thereafter Total principal amount 
 
 Table 5.4 - 
 Due after one year Total fixed-rate (1) 
 Variable-rate (1) 
 Due in one year or less Due after one year Total variable-rate (1) 
 Total principal amount 
 (1) 
 
 Credit Risk Exposure and Security Terms 
 
 The FHLB's Advances are made to member financial institutions. The FHLB manages its credit exposure to Advances through an integrated approach that includes establishing a credit limit for each borrower and ongoing review of each borrower's financial condition, coupled with collateral and lending policies to limit risk of loss while balancing borrowers' needs for a reliable source of funding. 
 
 In addition, the FHLB lends to eligible borrowers in accordance with federal law and Finance Agency regulations, which require the FHLB to obtain sufficient collateral to fully secure credit products. Under regulation, collateral eligible to secure new or renewed Advances includes: 
 
 one-to-four family loans (delinquent for no more than 60 days) and multi-family mortgage loans (delinquent for no more than 30 days) and securities representing such mortgages; 
 loans and securities issued and insured, or guaranteed by the U.S. government or any U.S. government agency (for example, mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or Ginnie Mae); 
 cash or deposits in the FHLB; 
 certain other collateral that is real estate-related, provided that the collateral has a readily ascertainable value, can be reliably discounted to account for liquidation and other risks, can be liquidated in due course and the FHLB can perfect a security interest in it; and 
 certain qualifying securities representing undivided equity interests in eligible Advance collateral. 
 
 Residential mortgage loans are the principal form of collateral for Advances. The estimated value of the collateral required to secure each member's credit products is calculated by applying collateral discounts, or haircuts, to the value of the collateral. In addition, community financial institutions are eligible to utilize expanded statutory collateral provisions for small business and agribusiness loans. The FHLB's capital stock owned by its member borrowers is also pledged as collateral. Collateral arrangements and a member s borrowing capacity vary based on the financial condition and performance of the institution, the 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 t have any Advances that were past due, in non-accrual status or considered impaired. In addition, there were troubled debt restructurings related to Advances of the FHLB during 2022 or 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the FHLB had rights to collateral on a member-by-member basis with an estimated value in excess of its outstanding extensions of credit. 
 
 Based upon the collateral held as security, its credit extension and collateral policies and the repayment history on Advances, the FHLB did not expect any credit losses on Advances as of December 31, 2022 and, therefore, allowance for credit losses on Advances was recorded. For the same reasons, the FHLB did t record any allowance for credit losses on Advances at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Advance Concentrations 
 
 The FHLB's Advances are concentrated in commercial banks, savings institutions, and insurance companies. Advance borrower concentrations can change significantly because of members' ability to quickly increase or decrease their amount of Advances based on their current funding needs. 
 
 Table 5.5 - 
 U.S. Bank, N.A. Keybank, N.A. Third Federal Savings and Loan Association 
 Third Federal Savings and Loan Association Protective Life Insurance Company Fifth Third Bank Nationwide Life Insurance Company Nationwide Life Insurance Company Western-Southern Life Assurance Co. Total Total 

Note 6 - 

97 

Table of Contents 

Fixed rate long-term single-family mortgage loans Total unpaid principal balance Premiums Discounts ) ) Hedging basis adjustments (2) 
 Total mortgage loans held for portfolio (3) 
 Allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans ) ) Mortgage loans held for portfolio, net 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) and at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Table 6.2 - 
 Federal Housing Administration (FHA) mortgage loans Total unpaid principal balance 
 
 Table 6.3 - 
 Union Savings Bank FirstBank FirstBank Guardian Savings Bank FSB Guardian Savings Bank FSB 
 
 Credit Risk Exposure 
 
 The FHLB manages credit risk exposure for conventional mortgage loans primarily though conservative underwriting and purchasing loans with characteristics consistent with favorable expected credit performance and by applying various credit enhancements. 
 
 Credit Enhancements. The conventional mortgage loans under the MPP are primarily supported by some combination of credit enhancements (primary mortgage insurance (PMI) and the Lender Risk Account (LRA), including pooled LRA for those members participating in an aggregated MPP pool). These credit enhancements apply after a homeowner s equity is exhausted. The LRA is funded by the FHLB upfront as a portion of the purchase proceeds. The LRA is recorded in other liabilities in the Statement of Condition. Excess funds from the LRA are released to the member in accordance with the terms of the Master Commitment Contract, which is typically after five years, subject to performance of the related loan pool. The LRA established for a pool of loans is limited to only covering losses of that specific pool of loans. Because the FHA makes an explicit guarantee on FHA mortgage loans, the FHLB does not require any credit enhancements on these loans beyond primary mortgage insurance. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

Additions Claims ) ) ) Scheduled distributions ) ) ) LRA at end of period 
 
 Payment Status of Mortgage Loans. The key credit quality indicator for conventional mortgage loans is payment status, which allows the FHLB to monitor borrower performance. Past due loans are those where the borrower has failed to make a full payment of principal and interest within one month of its due date. Table 6.5 presents the payment status of conventional mortgage loans. 
 
 Table 6.5 - 
 Past due 60-89 days Past due 90 days or more Total past due mortgage loans Current mortgage loans Total conventional mortgage loans December 31, 2021 Origination Year Payment status, at amortized cost: Prior to 2017 2017 to 2021 Total Past due 30-59 days Past due 60-89 days Past due 90 days or more Total past due mortgage loans Current mortgage loans Total conventional mortgage loans 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

Serious delinquency rate (2) 
 Past due 90 days or more still accruing interest (3) 
 Loans on non-accrual status (4) 
 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost: Conventional MPP Loans FHA Loans Total In process of foreclosure (1) 
 Serious delinquency rate (2) 
 Past due 90 days or more still accruing interest (3) 
 Loans on non-accrual status (4) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) and , respectively, of conventional MPP loans on non-accrual status do not have a related allowance because these loans were either previously charged off to their expected recoverable value and/or the fair value of the underlying collateral, including any credit enhancements, is greater than the amortized cost of the loans. 
 
 The FHLB did t have any real estate owned at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings . The FHLB's amortized cost in modified loans considered troubled debt restructurings was (in thousands) and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount of troubled debt restructurings is not considered material to the FHLB's financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Evaluation of Current Expected Credit Losses 

100 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for Credit Losses on Conventional Mortgage Loans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 the FHLB's allowance for credit losses on its conventional mortgage loans held for portfolio was (in thousands) and , respectively. 

Note 7 - 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

The FHLB may use certain derivatives as fair value hedges of associated financial instruments. However, because the FHLB uses derivatives when they are considered to be the most cost-effective alternative to achieve the FHLB's financial and risk management objectives, it may enter into derivatives that do not necessarily qualify for hedge accounting (economic hedges). The FHLB re-evaluates its hedging strategies from time to time and may change the hedging techniques it uses or adopt new strategies. 
 
 Types of Hedged Items 
 
 The types of assets and liabilities currently hedged with derivatives are: 
 
 Investments - The interest rate and prepayment risks associated with the FHLB's investment securities are managed through a combination of debt issuance and derivatives. The FHLB may manage the prepayment and interest rate risk by funding investment securities with Consolidated Obligations that have call features or by hedging these risks with interest rate swaps, caps or floors, or swaptions. The FHLB may also manage the risk arising from changing market prices and volatility of investment securities by entering into economic derivatives that generally offset the changes in fair value of the securities. Derivatives held by the FHLB that are associated with trading and held-to-maturity securities are designated as economic hedges, and derivatives specifically linked to individual available-for-sale securities may qualify as fair value hedges or be designated as economic hedges. 
 
 Advances - The FHLB offers a wide range of fixed- and variable-rate Advance products with different maturities, interest rates, payment characteristics, and optionality. The FHLB may use derivatives to manage the repricing and/or option characteristics of Advances in order to more closely match the characteristics of the FHLB's funding liabilities. In general, whenever a member executes a fixed-rate Advance or a variable-rate Advance with embedded options, the FHLB may simultaneously 
 102 

Table of Contents 

103 

Table of Contents 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps Interest rate swaptions Mortgage delivery commitments Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives before adjustments Netting adjustments and cash collateral (1) 
 ) Total derivative assets and total derivative liabilities December 31, 2021 Notional Amount of Derivatives Derivative Assets Derivative Liabilities Derivatives designated as fair value hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps Interest rate swaptions Mortgage delivery commitments Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives before adjustments Netting adjustments and cash collateral (1) 
 ) Total derivative assets and total derivative liabilities 
 
 (1) and at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Cash collateral received, including accrued interest, was (in thousands) and at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

) Impact of Fair Value Hedging Relationships Interest rate swaps: Net interest settlements ) Gain (loss) on derivatives ) Gain (loss) on hedged items ) ) Effect on net interest income ) 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Advances Available-for-Sale Securities Consolidated Bonds Total interest income (expense) recorded in the Statements of Income 
 ) Impact of Fair Value Hedging Relationships Interest rate swaps: Net interest settlements ) ) Gain (loss) on derivatives ) Gain (loss) on hedged items ) ) Effect on net interest income ) ) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Advances Available-for-Sale Securities Consolidated Bonds Total interest income (expense) recorded in the Statements of Income 
 ) Impact of Fair Value Hedging Relationships Interest rate swaps: Net interest settlements ) ) Gain (loss) on derivatives ) ) Gain (loss) on hedged items ) Effect on net interest income ) ) 
 105 

Table of Contents 

Fair value hedging adjustments Basis adjustments for active hedging relationships included in amortized cost ) ) ) Basis adjustments for discontinued hedging relationships included in amortized cost Total amount of fair value hedging basis adjustments ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Advances Available-for-Sale Securities Consolidated Bonds Amortized cost of hedged asset or liability (1) 
 Fair value hedging adjustments Basis adjustments for active hedging relationships included in amortized cost ) ) Basis adjustments for discontinued hedging relationships included in amortized cost Total amount of fair value hedging basis adjustments ) ) 
 (1) 
 
 Table 7.4 presents net gains (losses) recorded in non-interest income (loss) on derivatives not designated as hedging instruments. 
 
 Table 7.4 - 
 ) Interest rate swaptions ) Forward rate agreements ) Net interest settlements ) ) ) Mortgage delivery commitments ) Total net gains (losses) related to derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 ) Price alignment amount (1) 
 ) Net gains (losses) on derivatives ) 
 (1) 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 

107 

Table of Contents 

) Cleared Total Derivative Liabilities: 
 Uncleared ) Cleared ) Total December 31, 2021 Derivative Instruments Meeting Netting Requirements Gross Recognized Amount Gross Amount of Netting Adjustments and Cash Collateral Derivative Instruments Not Meeting Netting Requirements (1) 
 Total Derivative Assets and Total Derivative Liabilities Derivative Assets: Uncleared ) Cleared Total Derivative Liabilities: 
 Uncleared ) Cleared ) Total 
 (1) 

Note 8 - 

108 

Table of Contents 

Term Other Total interest-bearing deposits 

Note 9 - 
 
 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Finance Agency regulations require the FHLB to maintain unpledged qualifying assets equal to its participation in the Consolidated Obligations outstanding. Qualifying assets are defined as cash; secured Advances; obligations of or fully guaranteed by the United States; and investments (i.e., obligations, participations or other instruments of or issued by Fannie Mae or Ginnie Mae; mortgage, obligations, or other securities which are or ever have been sold by Freddie Mac; and such securities as fiduciary and trust funds may invest in under the laws of the state in which the FHLB is located). Any assets subject to a lien or pledge for the benefit of holders of any issue of Consolidated Obligations are treated as if they were free from lien or pledge for purposes of compliance with these regulations. 
 
 Table 9.1 - 
 December 31, 2021 
 (1) 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

Due after 1 year through 2 years Due after 2 years through 3 years Due after 3 years through 4 years Due after 4 years through 5 years Thereafter Total principal amount Premiums Discounts ) ) Fair value hedging adjustments ) ) Fair value option valuation adjustment and accrued interest ) Total 
 
 Consolidated Bonds outstanding were issued with either fixed-rate coupon payment terms or variable-rate coupon payment terms that are indexed to SOFR. To meet the expected specific needs of certain investors in Consolidated Obligations, both fixed-rate and variable-rate Bonds may contain features that result in complex coupon payment terms and call options. When these Consolidated Bonds are issued, the FHLB may enter into derivatives containing features that offset the terms and embedded options, if any, of the Consolidated Bonds. 
 
 Table 9.3 - 
 Callable Total principal amount 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

Due after 1 year through 2 years Due after 2 years through 3 years Due after 3 years through 4 years Due after 4 years through 5 years Thereafter Total principal amount 
 
 Table 9.5 - 
 Variable-rate Step-up Total principal amount 

Note 10 - 

Assessments (current year additions) Voluntary contribution Subsidy uses, net ) ) Balance at end of year 
 111 

Table of Contents 

Note 11 - 

Capital-to-assets ratio (regulatory) 4.00 4.00 Regulatory capital Leverage capital-to-assets ratio (regulatory) 5.00 5.00 Leverage capital 
 
 The FHLB currently offers only Class B stock, which is issued and redeemed at a par value of per share. Class B stock may be issued to meet membership and activity stock purchase requirements, to pay dividends, and to pay interest on mandatorily redeemable capital stock. Membership stock is required to become a member of and maintain membership in the FHLB. The membership stock requirement is based upon a percentage of the member's total assets. At December 31, 2022, the membership stock requirement was determined within a declining range from percent to percent of each member's total assets, with a minimum of thousand and a maximum of million for each member. 
 
 In addition to membership stock, a member may be required to hold activity stock to capitalize certain transactions with the FHLB, including Advances, certain funds and rate Advance commitments, Letters of Credit, and MPP activity that occurred after implementation of the Capital Plan on December 30, 2002. Members were required to maintain activity stock capitalization percentages as follows for 2022 and 2021: percent for Advances and Advance commitments, percent for Letters of Credit, and percent for MPP. If a member owns more than its required activity stock, the additional stock is classified as excess stock. 
 
 A member may request redemption of all or part of its Class B stock or may withdraw from membership by giving five years' advance written notice. When the FHLB repurchases capital stock, it must first repurchase shares for which a redemption or withdrawal notice's five-year redemption period or withdrawal period has expired. Since its Capital Plan was implemented, the FHLB has repurchased, at its discretion, all member shares subject to outstanding redemption notices prior to the expiration of the five-year redemption period. 
 
 Any member that has withdrawn from membership, or otherwise has had its membership terminated, may not be readmitted to membership in any FHLBank until five years from the divestiture date for all capital stock that was held as a condition of 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, in restricted retained earnings. Additionally, the Capital Agreement provides that amounts in restricted retained earnings in excess of 150 percent of the FHLB's restricted retained earnings minimum (i.e., one percent of the FHLB's average balance of outstanding Consolidated Obligations calculated as of the last day of each calendar quarter) may be released from restricted retained earnings. 
 
 Mandatorily Redeemable Capital Stock. The FHLB is a cooperative whose members own most of the FHLB's capital stock. Former members (including certain nonmembers that own the FHLB's capital stock as a result of a merger or acquisition, relocation, charter termination, or involuntary termination of an FHLB member) own the remaining capital stock to support business transactions still carried on the FHLB's Statements of Condition. Member shares cannot be purchased or sold except between the FHLB and its members at its 100 per share par value, as mandated by the FHLB's Capital Plan. The FHLB reclassifies stock subject to redemption from equity to liability upon expiration of the grace period after a member submits a written redemption request or withdrawal notice, or when the member attains nonmember status by merger or acquisition, relocation, charter termination, or involuntary termination of membership. A member may cancel or revoke its written redemption request or its withdrawal notice prior to the end of the five-year redemption period. Under the FHLB's Capital Plan, there is a five calendar day grace period for revocation of a redemption request and a 30 calendar day grace period for revocation of a withdrawal notice during which the member may cancel the redemption request or withdrawal notice without a penalty or fee. The cancellation fee after the grace period is currently two percent of the requested amount in the first year and increases one percent a year until it reaches a maximum of six percent in the fifth year. The cancellation fee can be waived by the FHLB's Board of Directors for a bona fide business purpose. 
 
 Stock subject to a redemption or withdrawal notice that is within the grace period continues to be considered equity because there is no penalty or fee to retract these notices. Expiration of the grace period triggers the reclassification from equity to a liability (mandatorily redeemable capital stock) at fair value because after the grace period the penalty to retract these notices is considered substantive. If a member cancels its written notice of redemption or notice of withdrawal, the FHLB will reclassify mandatorily redeemable capital stock from a liability to equity. Dividends related to capital stock classified as a liability are accrued at the expected dividend rate and reported as interest expense in the Statements of Income. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 dividends on mandatorily redeemable capital stock (in thousands) of , and , respectively, were recorded as interest expense. 
 
 Table 11.2 - 
 Capital stock subject to mandatory redemption reclassified from equity 
 Capital stock previously subject to mandatory redemption reclassified to capital 
 ) Repurchase/redemption of mandatorily redeemable capital stock 
 ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 113 

Table of Contents 

, and at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 there were no members or former members that had requested redemptions of capital stock whose stock had not been reclassified as mandatorily redeemable capital stock because the grace periods had not yet expired on these requests. 
 
 Table 11.3 shows the amount of mandatorily redeemable capital stock by contractual year of redemption. The year of redemption in the table is the end of the five-year redemption period. Consistent with the Capital Plan currently in effect, the FHLB is not required to redeem membership stock until five years after either (i) the membership is terminated or (ii) the FHLB receives notice of withdrawal. The FHLB is not required to redeem activity-based stock until the later of the expiration of the notice of redemption or until the activity to which the capital stock relates no longer remains outstanding. If activity-based stock becomes excess stock as a result of an activity no longer remaining outstanding, the FHLB may repurchase such shares, in its sole discretion, subject to the statutory and regulatory restrictions on capital stock redemption. 
 
 Table 11.3 - 
 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Past contractual redemption date due to remaining activity (1) 
 Total 
 (1) 
 
 Excess Capital Stock. Excess capital stock is the amount of stock held by a member (or former member) in excess of that institution's minimum stock ownership requirement. Finance Agency rules limit the ability of an FHLBank to create member excess stock under certain circumstances. The FHLB may not pay dividends in the form of capital stock or issue new excess stock to members if its excess stock exceeds one percent of its total assets or if the issuance of excess stock would cause the FHLB's excess stock to exceed one percent of its total assets. At December 31, 2022, the FHLB had excess capital stock outstanding totaling more than one percent of its total assets. At December 31, 2022, the FHLB was in compliance with the Finance Agency's excess stock rules. 

114 

Table of Contents 

 Note 12 - 

) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification: 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) Net actuarial gains (losses) 
 ) ) Reclassifications from other comprehensive income (loss) to net income: 
 Amortization - pension and postretirement benefits (1) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification: 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) Net actuarial gains (losses) Prior service benefit Reclassifications from other comprehensive income (loss) to net income: 
 Amortization - pension and postretirement benefits (1) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
 BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2021 ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification: Net unrealized gains (losses) ) ) Net actuarial gains (losses) Reclassifications from other comprehensive income (loss) to net income: Amortization - pension and postretirement benefits (1) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 (1) 

Note 13 - 

115 

Table of Contents 

 and the three-digit plan number is . There are no collective bargaining agreements in place at the FHLB. 
 
 The Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan's annual valuation process includes calculating the plan's funded status and separately calculating the funded status of each participating employer. The funded status is defined as the market value of assets divided by the funding target (100 percent of the present value of all benefit liabilities accrued at that date). As permitted by ERISA, the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan accepts contributions for the prior plan year up to eight and a half months after the end of the prior plan year. As a result, the market value of assets at the valuation date (July 1) will increase by any subsequent contributions designated for the immediately preceding plan year ended June 30. 
 
 The most recent Form 5500 available for the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan is for the year ended June 30, 2021. The FHLB did not contribute more than five percent of the total contributions to the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan for the plan years ended June 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
 Table 13.1 - 
 Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan funded status as of July 1 (a) 
 (b) 
 FHLB's funded status as of July 1 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 
 Qualified Defined Contribution Plan. The FHLB maintains a tax-qualified, defined contribution plan for its employees. The FHLB contributes a percentage of the participants' compensation by making a matching contribution equal to a certain percentage of voluntary employee contributions, subject to certain IRS limitations. The FHLB contributed , , and in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The FHLB's contributions are recorded as compensation and benefits expense in the Statements of Income. 
 
 Non-qualified Supplemental Defined Benefit Retirement Plan (Defined Benefit Retirement Plan) . The FHLB maintains a non-qualified, unfunded defined benefit plan for its employees. The plan ensures that participants receive the full amount of benefits to which they would have been entitled under the qualified defined benefit plan in the absence of limits on benefit levels imposed by the IRS. There are no funded plan assets. The FHLB has established a grantor trust, which is included in held-to-maturity securities on the Statements of Condition, to meet future benefit obligations and current payments to beneficiaries. Effective July 1, 2021, the Defined Benefit Retirement Plan benefit formula was amended to adjust the accrual rate from 2.50 percent to 1.25 percent. 
 
 Postretirement Benefits Plan . The FHLB also sponsors a Postretirement Benefits Plan that includes health care and life insurance benefits for eligible retirees. Future retirees are eligible for the postretirement benefits plan if they were hired prior to August 1, 1990, are age 55 or older, and their age plus years of continuous service at retirement are greater than or equal to 80. Spouses are covered subject to required contributions. There are no funded plan assets that have been designated to provide postretirement benefits. 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) ) Plan amendments ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Employer contribution Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year ) ) ) ) 
 
 Amounts recognized in Other liabilities on the Statements of Condition for the Defined Benefit Retirement Plan and Postretirement Benefits Plan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were (in thousands) and , respectively. 
 
 Table 13.3 - 
 ) ) Prior service benefit ) ) Total ) ) 
 117 

Table of Contents 

Interest cost Amortization of prior service benefit ) ) Amortization of net loss Net periodic benefit cost Other Changes in Benefit Obligations Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income Net loss (gain) ) ) ) ) Prior service benefit ) Amortization of net loss ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service benefit Total recognized in other comprehensive income ) ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income ) ) ) ) 
 
 For the Defined Benefit Retirement Plan and the Postretirement Benefits Plan, the related service cost is recorded as part of Non-Interest Expense - Compensation and Benefits on the Statements of Income. The non-service related components of interest cost, amortization of prior service benefit and amortization of net loss are recorded as Non-Interest Expense - Other in the Statements of Income. 
 
 Table 13.5 presents the key assumptions used for the actuarial calculations to determine benefit obligations for the Defined Benefit Retirement Plan and Postretirement Benefits Plan. 
 
 Table 13.5 - 
 Salary increases N/A N/A 
 
 Table 13.6 presents the key assumptions used for the actuarial calculations to determine net periodic benefit cost for the Defined Benefit Retirement Plan and Postretirement Benefit Plan. 
 
 Table 13.6 - 
 2.26/2.61 Salary increases N/A N/A N/A 
 (1) was used for the first six months of 2021 while a rate of was used for the second six months of 2021 resulting from an interim actuarial valuation at June 30, 2021, due to the Defined Benefit Retirement Plan amendment. 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 

Ultimate rate Year that ultimate rate is reached 
 
 The discount rates for the disclosures as of December 31, 2022 were determined by using a discounted cash flow approach, which incorporates the timing of each expected future benefit payment. Estimated future benefit payments are based on each plan's census data, benefit formulas and provisions, and valuation assumptions reflecting the probability of decrement and survival. The present value of the future benefit payments is determined by using weighted average duration based interest rate yields from a variety of highly rated relevant corporate bond indices as of December 31, 2022, and solving for the single discount rate that produces the same present value. 
 
 Table 13.8 presents the estimated future benefits payments reflecting expected future services for the years ended after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Table 13.8 - 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 

Note 14 - 
 
 primary operating segments based on its method of internal reporting: Traditional Member Finance and the MPP. These segments reflect the FHLB's two primary Mission Asset Activities and the manner in which they are managed from the perspective of development, resource allocation, product delivery, pricing, credit risk and operational administration. The segments identify the principal ways the FHLB provides services to member stockholders. The FHLB, as an interest rate spread manager, considers a segment's net interest income, net interest rate spread and, ultimately, net income as the key factors in allocating resources. Resource allocation decisions are made by considering these profitability measures in the context of the historical, current and expected risk profile of each segment and the entire balance sheet, as well as current incremental profitability measures relative to the incremental market risk profile. 
 
 Overall financial performance and risk management are dynamically managed primarily at the level of, and within the context of, the entire balance sheet rather than at the level of individual business segments or product lines. Also, the FHLB hedges specific asset purchases and specific subportfolios in the context of the entire mortgage asset portfolio and the entire balance sheet. Under this holistic approach, the market risk/return profile of each business segment does not correspond, in general, to the performance that each segment would generate if it were completely managed on a separate basis, and it is not possible to accurately determine what the performance would be if the two business segments were managed on a stand-alone basis. Further, because financial and risk management is a dynamic process, the performance of a segment over a single identified period may not reflect the long-term expected or actual future trends for the segment. 
 
 The Traditional Member Finance segment includes products such as Advances and investments and the borrowing costs related to those assets. The FHLB assigns its investments to this segment primarily because they historically have been used to provide liquidity for Advances and to support the level and volatility of earnings from Advances. All interest rate swaps and a portion of swaptions, including their market value adjustments, are allocated to the Traditional Member Finance segment. The FHLB executed all of its interest rate swaps in its management of market risk for the Traditional Member Finance segment. The FHLB enters into swaptions to minimize the prepayment risk in its overall mortgage asset portfolio. 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 

The following tables set forth the FHLB's financial performance by operating segment for the years ended December 31. 
 
 Table 14.1 - 
 Non-interest income (loss) ) ) ) Non-interest expense Income (loss) before assessments Affordable Housing Program assessments Net income (loss) 2021 Net interest income (loss) ) Non-interest income (loss) ) ) Non-interest expense Income (loss) before assessments ) Affordable Housing Program assessments ) Net income (loss) ) 2020 Net interest income (loss) Non-interest income (loss) ) ) Non-interest expense Income (loss) before assessments Affordable Housing Program assessments Net income (loss) 
 
 Table 14.2 - 
 December 31, 2021 

Note 15 - 

120 

Table of Contents 

Fair Value Hierarchy . GAAP establishes a fair value hierarchy and requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The inputs are evaluated and an overall level for the measurement is determined. This overall level is an indication of how market observable the fair value measurement is. 
 
 The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three broad levels: 
 
 Level 1 Inputs - Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in an active market that the reporting entity can access on the measurement date. An active market for the asset or liability is a market in which the transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Level 2 Inputs - Inputs other than quoted prices within Level 1 that are observable inputs for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term, a Level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. Level 2 inputs include the following: (1) quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; (2) quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; (3) inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals, and implied volatilities); and (4) inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 
 
 Level 3 Inputs - Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which are supported by limited to no market activity and reflect the FHLB's own assumptions. 
 
 The FHLB did have any transfers of assets or liabilities into or out of Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Table 15.1 presents the carrying value, fair value, and fair value hierarchy of financial assets and liabilities of the FHLB. The FHLB records trading securities, available-for-sale securities, derivative assets, derivative liabilities, certain Advances and certain Consolidated Obligations at fair value on a recurring basis, and on occasion, certain mortgage loans held for portfolio on a nonrecurring basis. The FHLB records all other financial assets and liabilities at amortized cost. Refer to Table 15.2 for further details about the financial assets and liabilities held at fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis. 
 
 121 

Table of Contents 

Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 Federal funds sold Trading securities Available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities Advances (3) 
 Mortgage loans held for portfolio 
 Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets Liabilities: Deposits Consolidated Obligations: Discount Notes (4) 
 Bonds (5) 
 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 
 Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) of Advances recorded under the fair value option at December 31, 2022. 
 (4) of Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes recorded under the fair value option at December 31, 2022. 
 (5) of Consolidated Obligation Bonds recorded under the fair value option at December 31, 2022. 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 Federal funds sold Trading securities Available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities Advances (3) 
 Mortgage loans held for portfolio Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets Liabilities: Deposits Consolidated Obligations: Discount Notes (4) 
 Bonds (5) 
 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock 
 Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) of Advances recorded under the fair value option at December 31, 2021. 
 (4) of Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes recorded under the fair value option at December 31, 2021. 
 (5) of Consolidated Obligation Bonds recorded under the fair value option at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Summary of Valuation Methodologies and Primary Inputs . 
 
 The valuation methodologies and primary inputs used to develop the measurement of fair value for assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis in the Statement of Condition are listed below. The fair values and level within the fair value hierarchy of these assets and liabilities are reported in Table 15.2. 
 
 Investment securities MBS: To value MBS holdings, the FHLB incorporates prices from multiple designated third-party pricing vendors, when available. The pricing vendors use various proprietary models to price MBS. The inputs to those models are derived from various sources including, but not limited to: benchmark yields, reported trades, dealer estimates, issuer spreads, benchmark securities, bids, offers and other market-related data. As many MBS do not trade on a daily basis, the pricing vendors use available information such as benchmark curves, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings and matrix pricing to determine the prices for individual securities. Each pricing vendor has an established challenge process in place for all MBS valuations, which facilitates resolution of potentially erroneous prices identified by the FHLB. The FHLB has conducted reviews of multiple pricing vendors to confirm and further augment its understanding of the vendors' pricing processes, methodologies and control procedures for specific instruments. 
 
 123 

Table of Contents 

124 

Table of Contents 

125 

Table of Contents 

 126 

Table of Contents 

GSE obligations 
 U.S. obligation single-family MBS 
 Total trading securities Available-for-sale securities: U.S. Treasury obligations GSE obligations GSE multi-family MBS Total available-for-sale securities Advances Derivative assets: Interest rate related Mortgage delivery commitments Total derivative assets Total assets at fair value Recurring fair value measurements - Liabilities 
 Consolidated Obligations: Discount Notes Bonds Total Consolidated Obligations Derivative liabilities: Interest rate related ) Mortgage delivery commitments Total derivative liabilities ) Total liabilities at fair value ) 
 (1) 

127 

Table of Contents 

 GSE obligations 
 U.S. obligation single-family MBS 
 Total trading securities Available-for-sale securities: U.S. Treasury obligations GSE obligations GSE multi-family MBS Total available-for-sale securities Advances Derivative assets: Interest rate related Mortgage delivery commitments Total derivative assets Total assets at fair value Recurring fair value measurements - Liabilities 
 Consolidated Obligations: Discount Notes 
 Bonds Total Consolidated Obligations Derivative liabilities: Interest rate related ) Mortgage delivery commitments Total derivative liabilities ) Total liabilities at fair value ) 
 (1) 
 
 Fair Value Option . The fair value option provides an irrevocable option to elect fair value as an alternative measurement for selected financial assets, financial liabilities, unrecognized firm commitments, and written loan commitments not previously carried at fair value. It requires a company to display the fair value of those assets and liabilities for which it has chosen to use fair value on the face of the Statements of Condition. Fair value is used for both the initial and subsequent measurement of the designated assets, liabilities and commitments, with the changes in fair value recognized in net income. If elected, interest income and interest expense on Advances and Consolidated Obligations carried at fair value are recognized based solely on the contractual amount of interest due or unpaid. Any transaction fees or costs are immediately recognized into other non-interest income or other non-interest expense. 
 
 The FHLB has elected the fair value option for certain financial instruments that either do not qualify for hedge accounting or may be at risk for not meeting hedge effectiveness requirements. These fair value elections were made primarily in an effort to mitigate the potential income statement volatility that can arise from economic hedging relationships in which the carrying value of the hedged item is not adjusted for changes in fair value. 
 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 ) Consolidated Discount Notes 
 Consolidated Bonds 
 ) Total net gains (losses) 
 ) 
 
 For instruments recorded under the fair value option, the related contractual interest income, contractual interest expense and the discount amortization on Discount Notes are recorded as part of net interest income on the Statements of Income. The remaining changes in fair value for instruments in which the fair value option has been elected are recorded as Net gains (losses) on financial instruments held under fair value option in the Statements of Income, except for changes in fair value related to instrument specific credit risk, which are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income in the Statement of Condition. The FHLB has determined that none of the remaining changes in fair value were related to instrument-specific credit risk for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. In determining that there has been change in instrument-specific credit risk period to period, the FHLB primarily considered the following factors: 
 
 The FHLB is a federally chartered GSE, and as a result of this status, the FHLB s Consolidated Obligations have historically received the same credit ratings as the government bond credit rating of the United States, even though they are not obligations of the United States and are not guaranteed by the United States. 
 
 The FHLB is jointly and severally liable with the other 10 FHLBanks for the payment of principal and interest on all Consolidated Obligations of each of the other FHLBanks. 
 
 The following table reflects the difference between the aggregate unpaid principal balance outstanding and the aggregate fair value for Advances and Consolidated Obligations for which the fair value option has been elected. 
 
 Table 15.4 
 ) ) Consolidated Discount Notes 
 ) ) Consolidated Bonds 
 ) 
 
 129 

Table of Contents 

Note 16 - 

Commitments for standby bond purchases Commitments to purchase mortgage loans Unsettled Consolidated Bonds, principal amount (1) 
 Unsettled Consolidated Discount Notes, principal amount (1) 
 
 (1) 
 
 Letters of Credit: The FHLB issues Letters of Credit on behalf of its members to support certain obligations of the members (or member's customer) to third-party beneficiaries. Letters of Credit may be offered to assist members and non-member housing associates in facilitating residential housing finance, community lending, and asset-liability management, and to provide liquidity. In particular, members often use Letters of Credit as collateral for deposits from federal and state government agencies. Letters of Credit are executed for members for a fee. If the FHLB is required to make payment for a beneficiary's draw, the member either reimburses the FHLB for the amount drawn or, subject to the FHLB's discretion, the amount drawn may be converted into a collateralized Advance to the member. However, Letters of Credit usually expire without being drawn upon. Letters of Credit issued by the FHLB expire no later than 2034. The carrying value of guarantees related to Letters of Credit are recorded in other liabilities and were (in thousands) and at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The FHLB monitors the creditworthiness of its members that have Letters of Credit. In addition, Letters of Credit are subject to the same collateralization and borrowing limits that apply to Advances and are fully collateralized at the time of issuance. 
 
 Standby Bond Purchase Agreements: The FHLB has executed standby bond purchase agreements with state housing authority whereby the FHLB, for a fee, agrees as a liquidity provider if required, to purchase and hold the authority's bonds until the designated marketing agent can find a suitable investor or the housing authority repurchases the bonds according to a schedule established by the standby agreement. Each standby agreement dictates the specific terms that would require the FHLB to purchase the bonds and typically allows the FHLB to terminate the agreement upon the occurrence of a default event of the issuer. The bond purchase commitments entered into by the FHLB expire no later than 2023, although some are renewable at the option of the FHLB. During 2022 and 2021, the FHLB was not required to purchase any bonds under these agreements. 
 
 Commitments to Purchase Mortgage Loans: The FHLB enters into commitments that unconditionally obligate the FHLB to purchase mortgage loans. Commitments are generally for periods not to exceed . The delivery commitments are recorded as derivatives at their fair values. 
 
 Consolidated Obligations: As previously described, Consolidated Obligations are backed only by the financial resources of the FHLBanks. The joint and several liability Finance Agency regulation authorizes the Finance Agency to require any FHLBank to repay all or a portion of the principal and interest on Consolidated Obligations for which another FHLBank is the primary obligor. No FHLBank has ever been asked or required to repay the principal or interest on any Consolidated Obligation on behalf of another FHLBank, and as of December 31, 2022, and through the filing date of this report, the FHLB does not believe that it is probable that it will be asked to do so. 
 
 The FHLB determined that it was not necessary to recognize a liability for the fair values of its joint and several obligation related to other FHLBanks' Consolidated Obligations at December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. The joint and several obligations are mandated by Finance Agency regulations and are not the result of arms-length transactions among the FHLBanks. The FHLBanks have no control over the amount of the guaranty or the determination of how each FHLBank would perform under the joint and several obligation. 
 130 

Table of Contents 

Note 17 - 
 
 such loans or borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. The following table details the average daily balance of lending and borrowing between the FHLB and other FHLBanks for the years ended December 31. 
 
 Table 17.1 - 
 Borrowings from other FHLBanks 
 
 In addition, the FHLB may, from time to time, assume the outstanding primary liability for Consolidated Obligations of another FHLBank (at then current market rates on the day when the transfer is traded) rather than issuing new debt for which the FHLB is the primary obligor. The FHLB then becomes the primary obligor on the transferred debt. There are no formal arrangements governing the transfer of Consolidated Obligations between the FHLBanks, and these transfers are not investments of one FHLBank in another FHLBank. Transferring debt at current market rates enables the FHLBank System to satisfy the debt issuance needs of individual FHLBanks without incurring the additional selling expenses (concession fees) associated with new debt. It also provides the transferring FHLBanks with outlets for extinguishing debt structures no longer required for their balance sheet management strategies. 
 
 Consolidated Obligations transferred to the FHLB during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. The FHLB had Consolidated Obligations transferred to other FHLBanks during these periods. 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 

Note 18 - 
 
 132 

Table of Contents 

MPP Regulatory capital stock 

Concentrations. The following table shows regulatory capital stock balances, outstanding Advance principal balances, and unpaid principal balances of mortgage loans held for portfolio of stockholders holding five percent or more of regulatory capital stock and includes any known affiliates that are members of the FHLB. 
 
 Table 18.2 - 
 Keybank, N.A. Fifth Third Bank The Huntington National Bank 
 
 Regulatory Capital Stock Advance MPP Unpaid December 31, 2021 Balance of Total Principal Principal Balance U.S. Bank, N.A. Third Federal Savings Loan Association Protective Life Insurance Company Nationwide Life Insurance Company 
 
 Nonmember Affiliates. The FHLB has relationships with nonmember affiliates, the Kentucky Housing Corporation, the Ohio Housing Finance Agency and the Tennessee Housing Development Agency. The FHLB had no investments in or borrowings to any of these nonmember affiliates at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The FHLB executed standby bond purchase agreements with the Ohio Housing Finance Agency whereby the FHLB, for a fee, agrees as a liquidity provider if required, to purchase and hold the authority's bonds until the designated marketing agent can find a suitable investor or the housing authority repurchases the bond according to a schedule established by the standby agreement. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the FHLB was not required to purchase any bonds under these agreements. 

SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 Supplemental financial data required is set forth in the Other Financial Information caption at Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 
 
 There were no changes in or disagreements with our accountants on accounting and financial disclosure during the two most recent fiscal years. 
 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the FHLB's management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Based upon that evaluation, these two officers each concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the FHLB maintained effective disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files under the Exchange Act is (1) accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure and (2) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 The management of the FHLB is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The FHLB's internal control over financial reporting is designed by, or under the supervision of, the FHLB's management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The FHLB's management assessed the effectiveness of the FHLB's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on its assessment, management of the FHLB determined that, as of December 31, 2022, the FHLB's internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 
 The effectiveness of the FHLB's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 There were no changes in the FHLB's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the FHLB's internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 

134 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 NOMINATION AND ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 
 
 The Finance Agency authorized us to have a total of 17 directors: 10 Member directors and seven Independent directors. Three of our Independent directors are designated as Public Interest directors and all 17 directors are elected by our members. 
 
 For both Member and Independent directorship elections, a member institution may cast one vote per seat or directorship up for election for each share of stock that the member was required to hold as of December 31 of the calendar year immediately preceding the election year. However, the number of votes that any member may cast for any one directorship cannot exceed the average number of shares of FHLB stock that were required to be held by all members located in its state. The election process is conducted electronically. Our Board of Directors does not solicit proxies nor is any member institution permitted to solicit proxies in an election. 
 
 Finance Agency regulations also provide for two separate selection processes for Member and Independent director candidates. 
 
 Member director candidates are nominated by any officer or director of a member institution eligible to vote in the respective statewide election, including the candidate's own institution. After the FHLB determines that the candidate meets all Member director eligibility requirements per Finance Agency regulations, the candidate may run for election and the candidate's name is placed on the ballot. 
 
 Independent director candidates are self-nominated. Any individual may submit an Independent director application form to the FHLB and request to be considered for election. The FHLB reviews all application forms to determine that the individual satisfies the appropriate public interest or non-public interest Independent director eligibility requirements per Finance Agency regulations before forwarding the application form to the Board for review of the candidate's qualifications and skills. The Board then nominates an individual whose name will appear on the ballot after consultation with the Affordable Housing Advisory Council and after the nominee information has been submitted to the Finance Agency for review. As part of the nomination process, the Board may consider several factors including the individual's contributions and service on the Board, if a former or incumbent director, and the specific experience and qualifications of the candidate. The Board also considers diversity in nominating Independent directors and how the attributes of the candidate may add to the overall strength and skill set of the Board. These same factors are considered when the Board fills a Member or Independent director vacancy. 
 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 DIRECTORS 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information (ages as of March 1, 2023) regarding each of our current directors. 
 Name Age Director Since Expiration of Term as a Director Independent or Member (State) J. Lynn Anderson, Chair 59 2017 (1) 
 12/31/24 Independent (OH) J. Wade Berry 53 2022 12/31/25 Member (KY) Brady T. Burt 50 2017 12/31/24 Member (OH) Greg W. Caudill 64 2014 12/31/25 Member (KY) Kristin H. Darby 48 2021 12/31/24 Independent (TN) Lewis Diaz (2) 
 44 2022 12/31/23 Independent (KY) Roy Molitor Ford, Jr. 57 2023 12/31/26 Member (TN) Danny J. Herron 65 2022 12/31/25 Independent (TN) Robert T. Lameier 70 2016 12/31/23 Member (OH) Donald J. Mullineaux 77 2010 12/31/23 Independent (KY) Michael P. Pell 59 2019 12/31/26 Member (OH) Kathleen A. Rogers 57 2020 12/31/25 Member (OH) Leslie Scott Spivey 65 2022 12/31/26 Independent (OH) Nancy E. Uridil 71 2015 12/31/26 Independent (OH) James J. Vance, Vice Chair 61 2017 12/31/24 Member (OH) Jonathan D. Welty 53 2020 12/31/23 Member (OH) H. McCall Wilson, Jr. 57 2023 12/31/26 Member (TN) 
 (1) Ms. Anderson, an Independent director beginning in 2017, also served as a Member director from 2012-2016. 
 (2) Mr. Diaz was elected by the Board on November 18, 2021 to fill an Independent director vacancy. Mr. Diaz's term commenced on January 1, 2022 and will end on December 31, 2023 (what would have been the end of the unexpired term). 
 
 Member Directors 
 
 Finance Agency regulations govern the eligibility requirements for our Member directors. Each Member director, and each nominee to a Member directorship, must be a U.S. citizen and an officer or director of a member that: is located in the voting state to be represented by the Member directorship, was a member of the FHLB as of the record date, and meets all minimum capital requirements established by its appropriate Federal banking agency or state regulator. 
 
 Generally, each Member director is nominated and elected by our members through an annual voting process administered by us. Any member that is entitled to vote in the election may nominate an eligible individual to fill each available Member directorship for its voting state, and all eligible nominees must be presented to the membership in the voting state. Our directors are not permitted to nominate or elect Member directors, except to fill a vacancy for the remainder of an unexpired term or to fill a vacancy for which no nominations were received. In accordance with Finance Agency regulations, except when acting in a personal capacity, no director, officer, attorney, employee or agent of the FHLB may communicate in any manner that he or she directly or indirectly, supports or opposes the nomination or election of a particular individual for a Member directorship or take any other action to influence the voting with respect to a particular individual. As a result, the FHLB is not in a position to know which factors its member institutions considered in nominating candidates for Member directorships or in voting to elect Member directors. However, if the Board takes action to fill a vacant Member directorship, facts considered in electing such director may be communicated to the FHLB. 
 
 Mr. Berry has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Farmers Bank Trust Company, Marion, Kentucky, since 2011. 
 
 Mr. Burt has been the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Park National Bank, Newark, Ohio, a subsidiary of Park National Corporation, since December 2012. He also serves as the Secretary, Treasurer, and Chief Financial Officer of Park National Corporation. 
 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 Mr. Caudill has served on the Board of Directors of Farmers National Bank, Danville, Kentucky since 1996. Previously, Mr. Caudill was the Chief Executive Officer of Farmers National Bank from December 2002 to December 2020. He also served as the President of Farmers National Bank from December 2002 until April 2016. 
 
 Mr. Ford has been the Chairman of Commercial Bank and Trust Company, Memphis, Tennessee, since May 2019 and the Chief Executive Officer of Commercial Bank and Trust Company since 1998. 
 
 Mr. Lameier has been a director of Miami Savings Bank, Miamitown, Ohio since 1993. He also served as the Chief Executive Officer of Miami Savings Bank from 1993 to December 2022 as well as President from 1993 to February 2022. 
 
 Mr. Pell has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of First State Bank, Winchester, Ohio since March 2006. 
 
 Ms. Rogers has been the Executive Vice President, Chief Finance Data Officer and Chief Finance Administrative Officer of U.S. Bank, N.A., Cincinnati, Ohio since February 2022. Previously, she was the Executive Vice President, Director of Capital Stress Testing and Financial Systems of U.S. Bank, N.A., from August 2016 to August 2021 when she moved to the Transformation Office until moving to her current role as mentioned above. She also served as the Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of U.S. Bancorp from January 2015 to August 2016. 
 
 Mr. Vance has been the Senior Vice President and Co-Chief Investment Officer of Western-Southern Life Assurance Company and related subsidiaries (Cincinnati, Ohio) since October 2020. Previously, he served as the Senior Vice President and Treasurer of Western-Southern Life Assurance Company and related subsidiaries from March 2016 to October 2020 and as the Vice President and Treasurer from 1999 to March 2016. 
 
 Mr. Welty has been the President of Ohio Capital Finance Corporation (OCFC), Columbus, Ohio since August 2019 and the Executive Vice President of Ohio Capital Corporation for Housing (OCCH), an affiliate of OCFC, since November 2020. Prior to serving as the President of OCFC, Mr. Welty served as an Executive Director from January 2010 to August 2019 and as the Vice President of OCCH from May 2000 until November 2020. 
 
 Mr. Wilson has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of The Bank of Fayette County, Collierville, Tennessee since June 2001. 
 
 Independent Directors 
 
 Finance Agency regulations also govern the eligibility requirements of our Independent directors. Each Independent director, and each nominee to an Independent directorship, must be a U.S. citizen and bona fide resident of our District. At least two of our Independent directors must be designated by our Board as public interest directors. Public interest Independent directors must have more than four years' experience representing consumer or community interest in banking services, credit needs, housing, or consumer financial protections. All other Independent directors must have knowledge of or experience in one or more of the following areas: auditing and accounting; derivatives; financial management; organizational management; project development; risk management practices; and the law. Our Board of Directors nominates candidates for Independent directorships. Directors, officers, employees, attorneys, or agents of the FHLB are permitted to support directly or indirectly the nomination or election of a particular individual for an Independent directorship. 
 
 Ms. Anderson served as the President of Nationwide Bank from November 2009 to March 2016. Prior to retiring, she served as the Senior Vice President-Member Solutions Integration for Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company from March 2016 to December 2016. Ms. Anderson is a Certified Public Accountant and Certified Internal Auditor. She served over 10 years on the board of National Church Residences, which is the nation's largest not-for-profit provider of affordable senior housing with over 400 communities serviced. Ms. Anderson is a member of Women Corporate Directors and Women for Economic Leadership Development. Ms. Anderson's leadership positions within the banking and insurance industries contribute skills to the Board in the areas of auditing and accounting, operations and corporate governance. In addition, her not-for-profit housing experience provides public interest viewpoints that connect to the FHLB's mission. 
 
 Ms. Darby has been the Chief Information Officer at U.S. Medical Management since January 2022, and a Strategic Technology Advisor at KHD Consulting since August 2021. Prior to that, Ms. Darby served as the Chief Information Officer of Envision Healthcare from November 2018 to July 2021, and was the Chief Information Officer of Cancer Treatment Centers of America from April 2014 to November 2018. Ms. Darby is a Certified Public Accountant and Certified Fraud Examiner. Having served as a technology leader at a large public organization, Ms. Darby offers the Board comprehensive knowledge on technology strategy and operations, and digital and cybersecurity. 
 137 

Table of Contents 

Mr. Diaz has been a Partner at the law firm of Dinsmore Shohl, LLP since April 2014 where he concentrates his practice on affordable housing and traditional governmental finance. Mr. Diaz also served from 2002 to 2008 in multiple capacities, including Program Counsel and interim Chief Council, at the Kentucky Housing Corporation, the state s housing finance agency. Mr. Diaz contributes a diverse skill set to the Board including public interest representation, public and private housing development, legal expertise and complex financing structures to support affordable housing. 
 
 Mr. Herron has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Habitat for Humanity of Greater Nashville since 2010. Previously, he was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Cumberland Bank, Franklin, Tennessee from 1993 to 2007. He has also served as a member of the FHLB s Advisory Council from 2014 to 2021 and was Council Chair from 2019 to 2020. Mr. Herron s years of experience in non-profit housing development and community banking brings insight to the Board that contributes to the FHLB s vision of helping members achieve business success and enhance communities. 
 
 Dr. Mullineaux is the Emeritus duPont Endowed Chair in Banking and Financial Services in the Gatton College of Business and Economics at the University of Kentucky. He was the duPont Endowed Chair from 1984 until 2014. Previously, he was on the staff of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, where he served as Senior Vice President and Director of Research from 1979 until 1984. He also served as a director of Farmers Capital Bank Corporation from 2005 until 2009. He has published numerous articles and lectured on a variety of banking topics, including risk management, financial markets and economics. He served as the Curriculum Director for the ABA's Stonier Graduate School of Banking from 2001 to 2016. Dr. Mullineaux brings knowledge and experience to the Board in areas vital to the operation of financial institutions in today's economy. 
 
 Mr. Spivey is retired from First Student, Inc., where he served as the Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from January 2015 to October 2022. Mr. Spivey also served as the Senior Vice President of Finance of CHEP Global Pallets from 2013 to 2014 and as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of CHEP Americas from 2008 to 2013. Mr. Spivey has extensive experience in financial operations across multiple industries ranging from transportation and logistics to telecommunications and packaged goods. Mr. Spivey contributes private sector strategic financial leadership and diversity of perspective to the Board. 
 
 Ms. Uridil has more than 18 years of experience as a Senior Vice President of 1 billion to 6 billion global businesses (consumer packaged goods, cosmetics, durables) creating and delivering corporate and functional strategies. Specifically, she was the Senior Vice President of Global Operations for Moen Incorporated from 2005 to 2014, Senior Vice President at Est e Lauder Cos from 2000 to 2005 and Senior Vice President at Mary Kay, Inc. from 1996 to 2000. Ms. Uridil served on the Board of Directors of Flexsteel Industries, Inc. (Nasdaq: FLXS) from 2010 to 2019, where she served on the Compensation Committee and led the Governance Committee. Ms. Uridil has extensive experience in strategy, expense and capital management, merger and acquisition integration and sourcing. Ms. Uridil's qualifications and insight provide valuable skills to the Board in the important areas of personnel, compensation, information technology and operations. 

138 

Table of Contents 

 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information (ages as of March 1, 2023) regarding our executive officers. 
 Name Age Position Employee of the FHLB Since Andrew S. Howell 61 President and Chief Executive Officer 1989 Stephen J. Sponaugle 60 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 1992 Roger B. Batsel 51 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer 2014 Damon v. Allen 52 Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing and Community Investment Officer 1999 J. Christopher Bates 47 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer 2005 James C. Frondorf 45 Senior Vice President, Chief Credit Officer 2001 Tami L. Hendrickson 62 Senior Vice President, Treasurer 2006 Bridget C. Hoffman 46 Senior Vice President, General Counsel 2018 Amy L. Konow 48 Senior Vice President, Chief Audit Executive 2020 Karla M. Russo 54 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Inclusion Officer 2014 Daniel A. Tully 45 Senior Vice President, Chief Risk and Compliance Officer 2006 
 
 Mr. Howell became the President and Chief Executive Officer in June 2012. Previously, he served as the Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer since January 2008. His career with the FHLB also included multiple years in the roles of Senior Vice President, Chief Credit Officer and Executive Vice President, Chief Business Officer. 
 
 Mr. Sponaugle became the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer in January 2018. Previously, he served as the Executive Vice President, Chief Risk and Compliance Officer since January 2017. 
 
 Mr. Batsel became the Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer in January 2020. Previously, he served as the FHLB's Senior Vice President, Chief Information and Operations Officer since July 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Batsel served as the FHLB's Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer since January 2014. 
 
 Mr. Allen became the Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing and Community Investment Officer in January 2023. Previously, he served as the FHLB's Senior Vice President, Housing and Community Investment Officer since January 2012. 
 
 Mr. Bates became the Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer in January 2015. Previously, he served as the FHLB's Vice President, Controller since January 2013. 
 
 Mr. Frondorf became the Senior Vice President, Chief Credit Officer in June 2021 after serving as the Senior Vice President, Assistant Chief Credit Officer since January 2021. Prior to that, he served as the FHLB s First Vice President, Credit Services since January 2018. 
 
 Ms. Hendrickson became the Senior Vice President, Treasurer in January 2015. Previously, she served as the FHLB's Vice President, Treasurer since January 2010. 
 
 Ms. Hoffman became the Senior Vice President, General Counsel in May 2018. Previously, she was a partner of the law firm Taft Stettinius Hollister LLP from January 2011 to May 2018. 
 
 Ms. Konow became the Senior Vice President, Chief Audit Executive in July 2020. Previously, she was the Chief Financial Officer at Landrum Brown, Inc. from November 2019 to June 2020 and the Vice President, Accounting and Finance from April 2018 to November 2019. Prior to that, she served as the Vice President, Operations - Financial Institutions Division at American Modern Insurance Group from November 2013 to February 2018. 
 
 Ms. Russo became the Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Inclusion Officer in January 2022. Previously, she served as the FHLB's First Vice President, Human Resources and Office of Minority and Woman Inclusion (OMWI) Officer since January 2018. 
 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 Mr. Tully became the Senior Vice President, Chief Risk and Compliance Officer in April 2020. Previously, he served as the Senior Vice President, Assistant Chief Risk and Compliance Officer since January 2020. Prior to that, he served as the FHLB's First Vice President, Assistant Chief Risk and Compliance Officer since July 2018. Mr. Tully also served as the FHLB's First Vice President, Financial and Market Risk Analysis since January 2018. 
 
 All officers are appointed annually by our Board of Directors. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT 
 
 The Board of Directors has determined (1) that Mr. Brady T. Burt, Chair of the Audit Committee, and Committee member Mr. Leslie Scott Spivey, have the relevant accounting and related financial management expertise, and therefore are qualified, to serve as the Audit Committee financial experts within the meaning of the regulations of the SEC and (2) that each is independent under SEC Rule 10A-3(b)(1). Mr. Burt is a Certified Public Accountant and his experience has principally been in the accounting and finance disciplines within the financial industry, and has included managing various accounting functions. Mr. Spivey's experience has principally been in the finance disciplines crossing multiple industries. For additional information regarding the independence of the directors of the FHLB, see Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 CODES OF ETHICS 
 
 The Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers that applies to the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, as well as all other executive officers. This policy serves to promote honest and ethical conduct, full, fair and accurate disclosure in the FHLB's reports to regulatory authorities and other public communications, and compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. The Code is posted on the FHLB's website www.fhlbcin.com ). If a waiver of any provision of the Code is granted to a covered officer, or if any amendment is made to the Code, information concerning the waiver or amendment will be posted on our website. 
 
 The Board of Directors has also adopted a Standards of Conduct policy that applies to all employees. The purpose of this policy is to promote a strong ethical climate that protects the FHLB against fraudulent activities and fosters an environment in which open communication is expected and protected. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 2022 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 
 The following provides discussion and analysis regarding our compensation program for executive officers for 2022, and in particular our Named Executive Officers. Named Executive Officers for 2022 were: Andrew S. Howell, President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO); Stephen J. Sponaugle, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; Roger B. Batsel, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer; Bridget C. Hoffman, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Tami L. Hendrickson, Senior Vice President, Treasurer. 
 
 Compensation Program Overview (Philosophy and Objectives) 
 
 Our Board of Directors (the Board) is responsible for determining the philosophy and objectives of the compensation program. The philosophy of the program is to provide a flexible and market-based approach to compensation that attracts, retains and motivates high performing, accomplished financial services executives who, by their individual and collective performance, achieve strategic business initiatives to fulfill our mission. The program is primarily designed to focus executives on increasing business with member institutions within established profitability and risk tolerance levels, while also encouraging teamwork. 
 
 We compensate executive officers using a combination of base salary, short-term and deferred incentive-based cash compensation, retirement benefits and modest fringe benefits. We believe the compensation program communicates short and long-term goals and standards of performance for our mission and key business objectives and appropriately motivates and rewards executives commensurate with their contributions and achievements. The combination of base salary and short-term and deferred incentive pay creates a total compensation opportunity for executives who contribute to and influence strategic plans and who are primarily responsible for the strategic business plan, execution, and performance. 
 140 

Table of Contents 

Oversight of the compensation program is the responsibility of the Board's Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee (the Committee). The Committee annually reviews the components of the compensation program to ensure it is consistent with and supports our mission, strategic business objectives, and short and long-term goals. In carrying out its responsibilities, the Committee may engage executive compensation consultants to assist in evaluating the effectiveness of the program and in determining the appropriate mix of compensation provided to executive officers. Because individuals are not permitted to own our capital stock, all compensation is paid in cash and we have no equity compensation plans or arrangements. 
 
 The Committee recommends the CEO's annual compensation package to the Board, which is responsible for approving all compensation provided to the CEO. Additionally, the Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving the compensation program's budget for all officers, including the other Named Executive Officers, and submitting its recommendations to the Board for final approval. 
 
 Management Involvement - Executive Compensation 
 
 While the Board is ultimately responsible for determining the compensation of the CEO and all other executive officers, the CEO and the Human Resources department periodically advise the Committee regarding competitive and administrative issues affecting the compensation program. The CEO and the Human Resources department also present recommendations to the Committee regarding the compensation of all other executive officers, and administer programs approved by the Committee and the Board. 
 
 Finance Agency Oversight - Executive Compensation 
 
 The Director of the Finance Agency is required by regulation to prohibit an FHLBank from paying compensation to its executive officers that is not reasonable and comparable to that paid for employment in similar businesses involving similar duties and responsibilities. Finance Agency rules direct the FHLBanks to provide all compensation actions affecting their Named Executive Officers to the Finance Agency for review. Accordingly, following our Board's approval, we submitted the 2023 base salaries as well as incentive payments earned for 2022 for the Named Executive Officers to the Finance Agency. At this time, we do not expect the regulatory requirements to have a material impact on our executive compensation programs. 
 
 Use of Comparative Compensation Data 
 
 The compensation program aims to provide a market competitive compensation package when recruiting and retaining highly talented executives seeking stable, long-term employment. To this end, we gather compensation data from a wide variety of sources, including broad-based national and regional surveys, information on compensation programs at other FHLBanks, and formal and informal interactions with our compensation consultant. Our consultant, McLagan (an Aon company), is a nationally recognized compensation consulting firm specializing in the financial services industry. We also participate in multiple surveys including the annual McLagan Federal Home Loan Bank Custom Survey and the annual Federal Home Loan Bank System Key Position Compensation Survey. Both surveys contain executive and non-executive compensation information for various key positions across all FHLBanks. When determining the compensation program, the Committee and the CEO use compensation data collected from these sources to inform themselves regarding trends in compensation practices and as a comparison check against general market data (market check). 
 
 In setting 2022 and 2023 compensation, we primarily relied upon information from the McLagan Custom Survey. It encompasses information relating to the prior year's compensation from mortgage banks, commercial financial institutions that typically have assets of less than 20 billion, and other FHLBanks. However, we believe the positions at other FHLBanks generally are more directly comparable to ours given the unique nature of the FHLBank System. The FHLBanks share the same public policy mission, interact routinely with each other, and share a common regulator and regulatory constraints, including the need for Finance Agency review of all compensation actions affecting executive officers. However, there are significant differences across the FHLBank System, including the sizes of the various FHLBanks, the complexity of their operations, their organizational and cost structures and the types of compensation packages offered. Thus, we do not and, as a practical matter could not, calculate compensation packages for our Named Executive Officers based solely on comparisons to the other FHLBanks. 
 
 Compensation Program Approach 
 
 The Committee utilizes a balanced approach for delivering base salary, short-term incentive and deferred pay with our compensation program. The annual (short-term) incentive compensation component rewards all officers and staff for the 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 achievement of the annual strategic business goals. The deferred compensation component is payable to certain officers, including the Named Executive Officers, after a three-year deferral period if the value of our members' capital stock is maintained above a minimum threshold over the period. The Committee has not established or assigned specific percentages to each element of the compensation program. Instead, the Committee strives to create a program that generally delivers a total compensation opportunity, i.e., base salary, annual and deferred incentive compensation and other benefits (including a retirement plan), to each executive officer that, when target performance goals are met, is at or near the median of the other FHLBanks and is generally consistent with the market check. However, individual elements of compensation as well as total compensation for individual executives may vary from the median due to an executive's tenure, experience and responsibilities. 
 
 While the competitiveness of the compensation program is an important factor for attracting and retaining executives, the Committee also reviews all elements of the program to ensure it is well designed and fiscally responsible from both a regulatory and corporate governance perspective. 
 
 Impact of Risk-Taking on Compensation Program 
 
 The Committee reviews the overall program to ensure the compensation of executive officers does not encourage unnecessary or excessive risk-taking that could threaten our long-term value. Strong risk management is an integral part of our culture. The Committee believes that base salary is a sufficient percentage of total compensation to discourage excessive risk-taking by executive officers. The Committee also believes the mix of incentive goals, which include risk-related metrics, does not encourage unnecessary or excessive risk-taking and achieves an appropriate balance of incentive for meeting short and long-term organizational goals. Moreover, the Committee and the Board retain the discretion to reduce or withhold incentive compensation payments if a determination is made that an executive has caused us to incur such a risk that could threaten our long-term value. 
 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 Elements of Total Compensation Program 
 
 The following table summarizes all compensation to our Named Executive Officers for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Discussion of each component follows the table. 
 Summary Compensation Ta ble 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (2) 
 Change in Pension Value Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (3) 
 All Other Compensation (4) 
 Total Andrew S. Howell 2022 1,026,923 841,215 69,456 1,937,594 President and CEO 2021 948,462 779,309 964,000 36,993 2,728,764 2020 947,115 785,578 3,225,000 36,097 4,993,790 Stephen J. Sponaugle 2022 457,866 315,948 48,800 822,614 Executive Vice President- 2021 451,969 292,092 428,000 17,400 1,189,461 Chief Financial Officer 2020 442,475 292,190 1,435,000 17,100 2,186,765 Roger B. Batsel 2022 384,000 253,694 18,300 655,994 Executive Vice President- 2021 373,000 228,101 80,000 17,400 698,501 Chief Operating Officer 2020 368,000 230,116 131,000 17,100 746,216 Bridget C. Hoffman (5) 
 2022 384,352 237,442 13,725 635,519 Senior Vice President- 2021 374,783 175,953 55,000 9,351 615,087 General Counsel Tami L. Hendrickson (6) 
 2022 352,769 205,422 18,300 576,491 Senior Vice President- Treasurer 2020 322,500 182,224 254,000 10,224 768,948 
 (1) Includes excess accrued vacation benefits automatically paid in accordance with established policy (applicable to all employees), which for 2022 were as follows: Mr. Howell, 96,923; Mr. Sponaugle, 19,866; Ms. Hoffman, 6,352 and Ms. Hendrickson, 22,769. 
 (2) Amounts shown for 2022 reflect total payments pursuant to the current portion of the 2022 Incentive Plan and the deferred portion of the 2019 Incentive Plan (2020 - 2022 performance period), as follows. 
 Name 2022 Incentive Plan (current incentive) 2019 Incentive Plan (three-year deferred incentive) Total Andrew S. Howell 420,909 420,306 841,215 Stephen J. Sponaugle 158,586 157,362 315,948 Roger B. Batsel 139,035 114,659 253,694 Bridget C. Hoffman 119,756 117,686 237,442 Tami L. Hendrickson 104,549 100,873 205,422 
 (3) Represents change in the actuarial present value of accumulated pension benefits only, which is primarily dependent on changes in interest rates, years of benefit service and salary. Decreases in pension values are reported in the table as 0. For 2022, the change in pension value decreased as follows: Mr. Howell, 4,409,000; Mr. Sponaugle, 1,701,000; Mr. Batsel, 91,000; Ms. Hoffman, 35,000; and Ms. Hendrickson, 93,000. See "Retirement Benefits" and "2022 Pension Benefits" for additional information. 
 (4) Amounts represent matching contributions to the qualified defined contribution pension plan in 2022. For Mr. Howell and Mr. Sponaugle, 2022 also includes a transitional service credit in the form of an annual contribution to their Defined Contribution account. Additionally, for Mr. Howell, 2022 includes perquisites totaling 20,656, which consisted of personal use of an FHLB-owned vehicle, premiums for an Executive long-term disability plan, guest travel expenses and an airline program membership. The value of perquisites are based on the actual cash cost. 
 (5) Ms. Hoffman's 2020 compensation amount is not included as she was not a Named Executive Officer in that year. 
 (6) Ms. Hendrickson's 2021 compensation amount is not included as she was not a Named Executive Officer in that year. 
 
 Salary 
 Base salary is both a key component of the total compensation program and a key factor when attracting and retaining executive talent. While base salaries for the Named Executive Officers are influenced by a number of factors, the Board generally targets the median of the competitive market. Other factors affecting an executive's base salary include length of time in position, relevant experience, individual achievement, and the size and scope of assigned responsibilities as compared to the responsibilities of other executives. Base salary increases traditionally take effect at the beginning of each calendar year and are 
 143 

Table of Contents 

 granted after a review of the individual's performance and leadership contributions to the achievement of our annual business plan goals and strategic objectives. 
 
 Each of the current Named Executive Officers received a base salary increase at the beginning of 2022. For each of the current Named Executive Officers other than the CEO, total salary increases, including merit, market, and promotional adjustments, ranged from 2.82 percent to 3.13 percent. These increases were based on the CEO's recommendation for each executive, which took into consideration market data, and expected business trends. For Mr. Howell, directors provided feedback to the Chair, and the Committee recommended, and the Board subsequently approved a salary increase of 3.33 percent. In recommending and approving Mr. Howell's 2022 increase, the Committee and Board took into consideration competitive market analysis and the Committees' appraisals of his performance during the year. 
 
 In October 2022, the Committee recommended and the Board approved a 6.44 percent salary increase pool for 2023 for all employees, comprised of 4.50 percent for merit increases and 1.94 percent for market and promotional adjustments. Using the same process as described above and considering the current labor market environment and the recent total rewards analysis, in November 2022, the Committee recommended, and the Board approved, the following 2023 base salaries and percent increases for the Named Executive Officers: Mr. Howell, 995,000 (6.99 percent); Mr. Sponaugle, 468,000 (6.85 percent); Mr. Batsel, 414,000 (7.81 percent); Ms. Hoffman, 409,000 (8.20 percent); and Ms. Hendrickson, 360,000 (9.09 percent). In January 2023, we were informed that the Finance Agency had completed its review and did not object to the Board-approved compensation actions affecting the Named Executive Officers in 2023. 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Compensation Plan (Incentive Plan) 
 The Incentive Plan is a cash-based total incentive award that is divided into two equal parts: (1) a current incentive award, and (2) a three-year deferred incentive award. The current component of the Incentive Plan is awarded annually and designed to promote and reward higher levels of performance for accomplishing Board-approved annual goals. The long-term component of the Incentive Plan is a three-year deferred incentive award that is designed to promote safety and soundness and serve as an employment retention tool for executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers. 
 
 The Incentive Plan annual goals reflect desired financial, operational, risk and public mission objectives for the current and future fiscal years. Each goal is weighted reflecting its relative importance and potential impact on our mission and annual strategic business plan. Each goal is assigned a quantitative threshold, target and maximum level of performance. Each Named Executive Officer's award opportunity is based entirely on bank-wide performance. 
 
 When establishing the Incentive Plan goals and corresponding performance levels, the Board anticipates that we will successfully achieve a threshold level of performance nearly every year. The target level is aligned with expected performance and is anticipated to be reasonably achievable in a majority of plan years. The maximum level of performance reflects a graduated level of difficulty from the target performance level and is designed to require superior performance to achieve. 
 
 Each Named Executive Officer is assigned a total incentive award opportunity, stated as a percentage of base salary, which corresponds to the individual's level of organizational responsibility and ability to contribute to and influence overall performance. The total incentive award opportunity established for executives is designed to be comparable to incentive opportunities for executives with similar duties and responsibilities at other financial institutions, primarily other FHLBanks, and generally consistent with our market check. The Board believes the total incentive opportunity and plan design provide an appropriate, competitive reward to all officers, including the Named Executive Officers, commensurate with the achievement levels expected for the incentive goals. 
 
 The total incentive award earned is determined based on the actual achievement level for each goal in comparison with the performance levels established for that goal. 
 
 The total incentive award opportunities for the 2022 plan year stated as a percentage of base salary were as follows: 
 Incentive Opportunity Name Threshold Target Maximum Andrew S. Howell 50.0 75.0 100.0 Stephen J. Sponaugle 40.0 60.0 80.0 Roger B. Batsel 40.0 60.0 80.0 Bridget C. Hoffman 35.0 52.5 70.0 Tami L. Hendrickson 35.0 52.5 70.0 
 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 If actual performance falls below the threshold level of performance, no payment is made for that goal. If actual performance exceeds the maximum level, only the value assigned as the performance maximum is paid. When actual performance falls between the assigned threshold, target and maximum performance levels, an interpolated achievement is calculated for that goal. The achievement for each goal is then multiplied by the corresponding incentive weight assigned to that goal and the results for each goal are summed to arrive at the final incentive award payable to the executive. No final awards (or payments) will be made to executives under the Incentive Plan if we receive the lowest "Composite Rating" during the most recent examination by the Finance Agency. Such a rating would indicate that we have been found to be operating in an unacceptable manner, that we exhibit serious deficiencies in corporate governance, risk management or financial condition and performance, or that we are in substantial noncompliance with laws, Finance Agency regulations or supervisory guidance. 
 
 Fifty percent of the total opportunity for the Incentive Plan is awarded in cash following the plan year (current incentive award) and 50 percent is mandatorily deferred for three years after the end of the Plan year (deferred incentive award). The deferred incentive awards earned from 2020 - 2022 were based on the safety and soundness metric, which is tied to our market capitalization ratio defined as the market value of total capital divided by the par value of capital stock. The market capitalization ratio is measured as the simple average at 36 month ends in the three-year performance period using the base-case interest rate and business environment used in reports to the Board at each month end. If our market capitalization ratio is greater than 100 percent during the deferred performance period, the final value will be 100 percent of the deferred award plus interest based on the annual interest rates applicable to the qualified defined benefit plan. No payment would be made for the deferred incentive award if the market capitalization ratio, calculated as noted above, was less than 100 percent for the three-year deferral period. 
 
 Except as noted above with respect to exam ratings, the Board has ultimate authority over the Incentive Plan and may modify or terminate the Plan at any time or for any reason. The Board also has discretion to increase or decrease any Incentive Plan awards. In addition, payments under the Plan are subject to certain claw back provisions that allow us to recover any incentive paid to a participant based on achievement of financial or operational goals that subsequently are deemed to be inaccurate, misstated or misleading. The Board believes these claw back requirements serve as a deterrent to any manipulation of financial statements or performance metrics in a manner that would assure and/or increase an incentive payment. 
 
 2022 Incentive Plan. For calendar year 2022, the Board approved a total of six performance measures in the functional areas of Franchise Value Promotion, Mission Assets and Activities and Stockholder Risk/Return. The mix of financial and non-financial goals measures performance across our mission and corporate objectives and is intended to discourage unnecessary or excessive risk-taking. Because we consider risk management to be an essential component in the achievement of our mission and corporate objectives, the goals below include a separate risk-related metric. 
 
 At its January 2023 meeting, following certification of the 2022 performance results and in accordance with those results, the Board authorized the distribution to the Named Executive Officers of the current awards shown in Note 2 to the Summary Compensation Table. For the 2022 plan year, we cumulatively achieved approximately 91 percent of the available maximum incentive opportunity. This was higher than the 81 percent overall performance achieved for 2021 primarily due to exceeding the target performance level for five of the six goals in 2022. 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the incentive weights, threshold, target and maximum performance levels, and the actual results achieved for the 2022 Incentive Plan performance measures for all Named Executive Officers. 
 
 2022 Incentive Plan Performance Levels and Results 
 Incentive Weight Threshold Performance Target Performance Maximum Performance Results Achieved Franchise Value Promotion 1) Diversity and Inclusion Strategic Plan Achievement 10.0 Pass 6 of 11 metrics Pass 8 of 11 metrics Pass all 11 metrics and exceed goals on 3 by 5 7 pass and 5 exceeded by 5 2) Strategic Initiatives 15.0 Pass 7 of 12 objectives Pass 9 of 12 objectives Pass all 12 objectives Pass 11 of 12 objectives Mission Assets and Activities 3) Mission Assets and Activities Participation 15.0 55 70 80 76 4) Core Mission Assets and Activities Ratio 20.0 70 78 85 81 Stockholder Risk/Return 5) Decline in Market Value of Equity 20.0 +200 bps 
 2023 Incentive Plan. At its January 2023 meeting, the Board finalized and approved the 2023 Incentive Plan goals, the incentive weights and the performance measures corresponding to each Incentive Plan goal and award opportunity for the 2023 Incentive Plan. After that meeting, the 2023 Incentive Plan was sent to the Finance Agency and we subsequently received notification of the completion of their review and non-objection. The 2023 Incentive Plan goals for our executives are set forth below. 
 
 2023 Incentive Plan Goals 
 Franchise Value Promotion Diversity and Inclusion Strategic Plan Achievement Weight: 10.0 Strategic Initiatives Weight: 15.0 Mission Assets and Activities Mission Assets and Activities Participation Weight: 15.0 Core Mission Assets and Activities Ratio Weight: 20.0 Stockholder Risk/Return Change in Market Value of Equity Weight: 20.0 Profitability - Available Earnings vs. Average Overnight Rates (SOFR and Federal funds effective) Weight: 20.0 
 
 As reflected above, the Board decided to keep all of the 2023 goals the same as those in 2022. However, some of the performance metric calculations have been adjusted. In setting the performance measures for the 2023 Incentive Plan, the Board reviewed the results against target for 2022 and considered relevant aspects of our financial outlook for 2023 including the expected interest rate environment and member demand for Advances. The Board also considered opportunities to increase mission asset participation by members and the objectives for strategic initiatives in 2023. 
 146 

Table of Contents 

Three-Year Deferred Incentive Awards. During 2022, the Board, the Committee and the CEO periodically reviewed progress toward the deferred plan safety and soundness metric for each ongoing performance period. At its January 2023 meeting, following certification of the performance results for the deferred portion of the 2019 Incentive Plan (2020 - 2022 performance period) and in accordance with those results, the Board authorized the distribution of payments to eligible officers including the Named Executive Officers. Cumulatively, our market capitalization ratio was greater than 100 percent during the 2020 - 2022 performance period. As a result, the final value was 100 percent of the deferred award plus interest based on the annual interest rates applicable to the qualified defined benefit plan. The deferred payments for the 2020 - 2022 performance period are shown in Note 2 to the Summary Compensation Table. 
 
 As described above, the deferred portion of the 2022 Incentive Plan (2023 - 2025 performance period) is payable based on the result of a safety and soundness metric tied to the market capitalization ratio as defined in the 2023 Incentive Plan. If our market capitalization ratio is greater than 100 percent during the 2023 - 2025 performance period, the final value will be 100 percent of the deferred award plus interest based on the annual interest rates applicable to the qualified defined benefit plan. 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation Grants 
 The following table provides information on grants made under our Incentive Plan. 
 
 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 
 Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards Name Grant Date (1) 
 Threshold Target Maximum Andrew S. Howell November 17, 2022 497,500 746,250 995,000 Stephen J. Sponaugle November 17, 2022 187,200 280,800 374,400 Roger B. Batsel November 17, 2022 165,600 248,400 331,200 Bridget C. Hoffman November 17, 2022 143,150 214,725 286,300 Tami L. Hendrickson November 17, 2022 126,000 189,000 252,000 
 (1) Awards granted on this date are for the 2023 Incentive Plan. 
 
 Under the awards shown above, 50 percent of the estimated future payout will be awarded in cash following the Plan year. The other 50 percent of the estimated future payout will be mandatorily deferred for three years after the end of the Plan year. If we operate in a safe and sound manner according to the market capitalization ratio metric during the deferred performance period, the final value will be 100 percent of the deferred award plus interest based on the annual interest rates applicable to the qualified defined benefit plan. See the "Non-Equity Incentive Compensation Plan (Incentive Plan)" section above for further detail. 
 
 Retirement Benefits 
 We maintain a comprehensive retirement program for executive officers comprised of two qualified retirement plans (a defined benefit plan and a defined contribution plan) and a non-qualified pension plan. For our qualified plans, we participate in the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan for Financial Institutions and a Defined Contribution Plan administered by Fidelity. The non-qualified plan, the Benefit Equalization Plan (BEP), restores benefits that eligible highly compensated employees would have received were it not for Internal Revenue Service limitations on benefits from the defined benefit plan. Benefits under the BEP vest and are payable according to the corresponding provisions of the qualified plan. 
 
 The plans provide benefits based on a combination of an employee's tenure and annual compensation. As such, the benefits provided by the plans are one component of the total compensation opportunity for executive officers and, the Board believes, serve as valuable retention tools since retirement benefits increase as executives' tenure and compensation grow. 
 
 Qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan. The Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan for Financial Institutions (Pentegra DB) is a funded tax-qualified plan that is maintained on a non-contributory basis, meaning, employee contributions are not required. Participants' pension benefits vest upon completion of five years of service. The pension benefits payable under the Pentegra DB plan are determined using a pre-established formula that provides a single life annuity payable monthly at age 65 or normal retirement. 
 
 Prior to July 1, 2021, the benefit formula for employees hired before January 1, 2006, which includes Messrs. Howell and Sponaugle, was 2.50 percent for each year of benefit service multiplied by the highest three-year average compensation. Compensation was defined as base salary, excess accrued vacation benefits and annual incentive compensation, and excludes 
 147 

Table of Contents 

 any deferred incentive payments. In the event of retirement prior to attainment of age 65, a reduced pension benefit was payable under the plan, with payments commencing as early as age 45. 
 
 For employees who were hired after January 1, 2006, which includes Mr. Batsel and Mses. Hoffman and Hendrickson, the benefit formula was 1.25 percent for each year of benefit service multiplied by the highest five-year average compensation. Compensation is defined as base salary, excess accrued vacation benefits (if applicable) and annual incentive compensation, and excludes any deferred incentive payments. In addition, the plan provided for a reduced pension benefit in the event of retirement prior to attainment of age 65 with payment commencing as early as age 55 if the participant had 10 years or more of service. 
 
 Effective July 1, 2021, the Pentegra DB plan design that applies to future benefits for all employees was adjusted. The revised benefit formula is 1.25 percent for each year of benefit service multiplied by the highest five-year average compensation. The plan maintains the reduced benefit for those retiring before age 65 and extends early retirement eligibility for all employees to as early as age 45 with 10 years of service. To offset future benefit losses, employees hired prior to January 1, 2006 will receive a transitional service credit beginning in 2022 and concluding in 2026 in the form of an annual contribution to their Defined Contribution account. The annual contribution is equal to 10 percent of their eligible pension income up to the IRS maximum. Employees must be employed for the full plan year to receive the transition contribution for that year. 
 
 Lastly, the Pentegra DB plan provides certain actuarially equivalent forms of benefit payments other than a single life annuity, including a limited lump sum distribution option, which is available only for those benefits accrued prior to January 1, 2006. 
 
 Non-Qualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan . Executive officers and other employees whose pay or pension benefit exceeds IRS pension limitations are eligible to participate in the Defined Benefit component of the Benefit Equalization Plan (DB/BEP), an unfunded, non-qualified pension plan that mirrors the Pentegra DB plan in all material respects. In determining whether a restoration of retirement benefits is due an eligible employee, the DB/BEP utilizes the identical benefit formula applicable to the Pentegra DB plan. In the event that the benefits payable from the Pentegra DB plan have been reduced or otherwise limited, the executive's lost benefits are payable under the terms of the DB/BEP. Because the DB/BEP is a non-qualified plan, the benefits received from this plan do not receive the same tax treatment and funding protection associated with the qualified plan. 
 
 The following table provides the present value of benefits payable to the Named Executive Officers upon retirement at age 65 from the Pentegra DB plan and the DB/BEP, and is calculated in accordance with the formula currently in effect for specified years-of-service and remuneration for participating in both plans. Our pension benefits do not include any reduction for a participant's Social Security benefits. 
 
 2022 Pension Benefits 
 Name Plan Name Number of Years Credited Service (1) 
 Present Value (2) of Accumulated Benefits 
 Andrew S. Howell Pentegra DB 32.50 2,697,000 DB/BEP 32.50 10,620,000 Stephen J. Sponaugle Pentegra DB 29.33 2,382,000 DB/BEP 29.33 2,562,000 Roger B. Batsel Pentegra DB 7.92 194,000 DB/BEP 7.92 121,000 Bridget C. Hoffman Pentegra DB 3.58 70,000 DB/BEP 3.58 41,000 Tami L. Hendrickson Pentegra DB 15.92 666,000 DB/BEP 15.92 284,000 
 (1) For pension plan purposes, the calculation of credited service begins upon completion of a required waiting period following the date of employment. Accordingly, the years shown are less than the executive's actual years of employment. Because IRS regulations generally prohibit the crediting of additional years of service under the qualified plan, such additional service also is precluded under the DB/BEP, which only restores those benefits lost under the qualified plan. 
 (2) See Note 13 of the Notes to Financial Statements for details regarding valuation assumptions. 
 
 148 

Table of Contents 

 Qualified Defined Contribution Plan. Our Defined Contribution Plan (DC) is a tax-qualified defined contribution plan to which we make tenure-based matching contributions. Matching contributions begin immediately and subsequently increase based on length of employment to a maximum of six percent of eligible compensation. For 2022, eligible compensation in the DC plan was defined as base salary, excess accrued vacation benefits (if applicable) and annual incentive compensation, and excludes any deferred incentive awards. 
 
 Under the DC plan, a participant may elect to contribute up to 75 percent of eligible compensation on either a before-tax or after-tax basis. The plan permits participants to self-direct investment elections into one or more investment funds. All returns are at the market rate of the related fund. Investment fund elections may be changed daily by the participants. A participant may withdraw vested account balances while employed, subject to certain plan limitations, which include those under IRS regulations. Participants also are permitted to revise their contribution/deferral election once each pay period. However, the revised election is only applicable to future earnings and may also be limited by IRS regulations. 
 
 Fringe Benefits and Perquisites 
 Executive officers are eligible to participate in the traditional fringe benefit plans made available to all other employees, including participation in the retirement plans, medical, dental and vision insurance program and group term life and standard long term disability (LTD) insurance plans, as well as short-term disability coverage and paid time off. Executives participate in our subsidized medical, dental and vision insurance and group term life and standard LTD insurance programs on the same basis and terms as all of our employees. However, executives are required to pay higher premiums for medical coverage. Executive officers also receive on-site parking at our expense. 
 
 During 2022, the CEO was also provided with an FHLB-owned vehicle for his business and personal use, along with the operating expenses associated with the vehicle. An executive officer's personal use of an FHLB-owned vehicle, including use for the daily commute to and from work, is reported as a taxable fringe benefit. In addition to the standard LTD insurance plan provided to all employees, Named Executive Officers may elect to receive additional LTD coverage. The premiums the FHLB pays for the additional LTD coverage are considered a taxable fringe benefit. Additionally, with prior approval, our current Travel Policy permits a guest to accompany an executive officer on authorized business trips. Executive officers are reimbursed for transportation and other related expenses associated with their guest's travel. Such reimbursements are reported as a taxable fringe benefit. 
 
 The perquisites provided to an executive officer represent a small fraction of annual compensation. During 2022, perquisites totaled 20,656 for Mr. Howell, as shown in the Summary Compensation Table. Perquisites did not individually or collectively exceed 10,000 for any other Named Executive Officers and are therefore excluded from the Summary Compensation Table. 
 
 Employment Arrangements and Severance Benefits 
 
 Pursuant to the FHLBank Act, all employees of the FHLB are at will employees. Accordingly, an employee may resign employment at any time and an employee's employment may be terminated at any time for any reason, with or without cause and with or without notice. 
 
 We have no employment agreements with any Named Executive Officer. Other than normal pension benefits and eligibility to participate in our retiree medical and life insurance programs (if hired prior to August 1, 1990), no perquisites, tax gross-ups or other special benefits are provided to our executive officers in the event of a resignation, retirement or other termination of employment. However, Named Executive Officers may receive certain benefits under our severance policy and Change in Control Plan, described below. 
 
 Severance Policy. We have a severance policy under which all employees may receive benefits in the event of termination of employment resulting from job elimination, substantial job modification, job relocation, or a planned reduction in staff. Under this policy, an executive officer is entitled to one month's pay for each year of continuous employment, rounded to the next whole year for partial years, with a minimum of one month and a maximum of six months' severance pay, as well as payment for all unused, accrued paid time off. At our discretion, executive officers and employees receiving benefits under this policy may also receive outplacement assistance as well as continuation of health insurance coverage on a limited basis. 
 
 Executive Change in Control Plan (Change in Control Plan). We have a Change in Control Plan that provides certain payments and benefits in the event of a qualifying termination within 24 months following a change in control. The purpose of the Change in Control Plan is to facilitate the hiring and retention of senior executives by providing them with certain protection and benefits in the event of a qualifying termination following a defined change in control. Change in control benefit payments are in lieu of, not in addition to, the severance benefit payments described above. The Change in Control Plan applies 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 to officers as designated by the Board. Current designees are the CEO, all Executive Vice Presidents, and all Senior Vice Presidents. 
 
 Under the Change in Control Plan, a qualifying termination is defined as any separation, termination or other discontinuation of the employment relationship between the FHLB and a participant, (a) by the FHLB, other than for cause (as defined in the Change in Control Plan), death or disability; or (b) by the participant, for good reason (as defined in the Change in Control Plan). 
 Change in Control is defined under the Change in Control Plan as: 
 the merger, reorganization, or consolidation of the FHLB with or into, or acquisition of the FHLB by, another Federal Home Loan Bank or other entity; 
 the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the FHLB to another Federal Home Loan Bank or other entity; 
 a change in the composition of the board that causes the combined number of Member directors from the jurisdictions of Kentucky, Ohio and Tennessee to cease to constitute a majority of the Bank s directors; or 
 liquidation or dissolution. 
 Cause is defined in the Change in Control Plan to include: 
 the participant s failure to perform substantially his/her duties; 
 the participant s engagement in illegal conduct or willful misconduct injurious to the FHLB; 
 the participant s material violation of law or regulation or of the FHLB s written policies or guidelines; 
 a written request from the Finance Agency requesting that the FHLB terminate the participant s employment; 
 crimes involving a felony, fraud or other dishonest acts; 
 certain other notices from or actions by the Finance Agency; 
 the participant s breach of fiduciary duty or breach of certain covenants in the Change in Control Plan; or 
 the participant s refusal to comply with a lawful directive from the CEO or the Board of Directors. 
 Good Reason is defined in the Change in Control Plan to include: 
 a material diminution in the participant s base salary or in his/her duties or authority; 
 the FHLB requiring the participant to be based at any office or location more than 100 miles from Cincinnati, Ohio; or 
 a material breach of the Change in Control Plan by the FHLB. 
 In the event of a qualifying termination, the participant will receive a severance payment equal to a compensation multiplier times the sum of the participant's base salary plus target annual incentive amount for the year in which the Change in Control occurs. The CEO (Tier 1) is subject to a compensation multiplier of 2.50, Executive Vice Presidents (Tier 2) are subject to a compensation multiplier of 1.75 and Senior Vice Presidents (Tier 3) are subject to a compensation multiplier of 1.50. Participants will also receive a lump sum cash payment equal to accrued and unused paid time off and the amount that would have been payable pursuant to the participant s annual incentive compensation award for the year in which the date of a qualifying termination occurs based on actual performance, prorated based on the number of days the participant was employed that year. In addition, participants will receive a cash payment for outplacement assistance of 7,500 for Tier 1, 4,500 for Tier 2 and 2,500 for Tier 3, as well as the continuation of health care coverage for 24 months for Tier 1, 18 months for Tier 2 and 12 months for Tier 3. 
 150 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the total amounts that would be payable to our Named Executive Officers if their employment had terminated as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Total Potential Payment Upon Termination (1) 
 Separation Event Andrew S. Howell Stephen J. Sponaugle Roger B. Batsel Bridget C. Hoffman Tami L. Hendrickson Involuntary termination for Cause Voluntary resignation not due to a Change in Control or resignation without Good Reason due to a Change in Control (2) 
 103,459 29,028 17,581 31,314 37,735 Involuntary termination without Cause not due to a Change in Control (3) 
 568,459 248,028 209,581 188,814 202,735 Involuntary termination without Cause due to a Change in Control or resignation for Good Reason due to a Change in Control (4) 
 4,900,316 1,540,058 1,354,465 1,114,795 973,876 
 (1) Due to the number of factors that affect the nature and amounts of compensation and benefits provided upon the potential termination events, the actual amounts paid may be different than the estimates presented. 
 (2) Named Executive Officers would only receive payment for unused, accrued paid time off. 
 (3) Named Executive Officers would receive payment for one month's pay for each year of continuous employment, rounded to the next whole year for partial years, subject to a six months' pay maximum, plus unused, accrued paid time off. 
 (4) Named Executive Officers would receive payment as follows: 
 Component Andrew S. Howell Stephen J. Sponaugle Roger B. Batsel Bridget C. Hoffman Tami L. Hendrickson Salary 2,325,000 766,500 672,000 567,000 495,000 Incentive compensation 1,743,750 459,900 403,200 297,675 259,875 Other (a) 
 831,566 313,658 279,265 250,120 219,001 Total 4,900,316 1,540,058 1,354,465 1,114,795 973,876 
 (a) Includes accrued annual incentive compensation from the current year, accrued and unused paid time off, outplacement assistance and health care coverage. 
 
 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 
 
 The Committee has furnished the following report for inclusion in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 The Committee has reviewed and discussed the 2022 Compensation Discussion and Analysis set forth above with the FHLB's management. Based on such review and discussions, the Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 J. Lynn Anderson (Chair) Lewis Diaz Danny J. Herron Robert T. Lameier Donald J. Mullineaux Nancy E. Uridil 
 
 COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 
 
 As required by Finance Agency regulations and the FHLBank Act, we have established a formal policy governing the compensation and travel reimbursement provided to our directors. The goal of the policy is to compensate Board members for work performed. Under our policy, compensation is comprised of per meeting fees, subject to an annual cap, and reimbursement for reasonable travel-related expenses. The fees are intended to compensate directors for time spent reviewing materials sent to them, preparing for meetings, participating in other activities and attending the meetings of the Board of Directors and its committees. 
 
 151 

Table of Contents 

 The annual maximum base fee increased from 2022 to 2023. The following table sets forth the maximum base fees for 2022 and 2023: 
 2022 2023 Maximum Base Fees Maximum Base Fees Chair 145,000 155,000 Vice Chair 125,500 133,658 Other members 110,000 118,690 
 
 In addition to the base fees, under the 2022 policy, annual fees were paid to the Audit Committee Chair and Other Committee Chairs of 15,500 and 12,500, respectively. Under the 2023 policy, annual fees are paid to the Audit Committee Chair and Other Committee Chairs of 14,340 and 11,520, respectively. Additionally, under the 2023 policy, Audit Committee members other than the Audit Committee Chair, Chair or Vice Chair of the Board are paid an annual fee of 5,000. These fees are subject to certain attendance requirements. 
 
 During 2022, total directors' fees and travel expenses incurred were 1,986,000 and 165,588, respectively. 
 
 With prior approval, our Travel Policy permits a guest to accompany a director on authorized business trips. We reimburse the transportation and other related expenses associated with the guest's travel, subject to certain limitations, which are reported as a taxable fringe benefit. During 2022, there were 10 directors that received reimbursement for guest travel expenses. These expenses did not exceed 10,000 for any director and, therefore, are excluded from the Directors Compensation Table below. 
 
 152 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the fees earned by each director for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 2022 Directors Compensation Table 
 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash J. Lynn Anderson, Chair 145,000 J. Wade Berry 110,000 Brady T. Burt 125,500 Greg W. Caudill 110,000 Kristin H. Darby 122,500 Lewis Diaz 110,000 James A. England 110,000 Danny J. Herron 110,000 Robert T. Lameier 110,000 Donald J. Mullineaux 122,500 Michael P. Pell 110,000 Kathleen A. Rogers 110,000 Leslie Scott Spivey 110,000 William S. Stuard, Jr. 110,000 Nancy E. Uridil 122,500 James J. Vance, Vice Chair 125,500 Jonathan D. Welty 122,500 Total 1,986,000 
 
 The following table summarizes the total number of board meetings and meetings of its designated committees held in 2021 and 2022. 
 Number of Meetings Held Meeting Type 2021 2022 Board Meeting 8 9 Audit Committee 11 11 Risk Committee 6 6 Business and Operations Committee 5 5 Governance 7 6 Housing and Community Development Committee 4 4 Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee 
 6 7 
 
 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION 
 
 The Committee is charged with responsibility for the FHLB's compensation policies and programs. None of the 2022 or 2023 Committee members are or previously were officers or employees of the FHLB. Additionally, none of the FHLB's executive officers served or serve on the board of directors or the compensation committee of any entity whose executive officers served on the Committee or Board of Directors. This Committee was and is composed of the following members: 
 2022 2023 J. Lynn Anderson (Chair) J. Lynn Anderson (Chair) Lewis Diaz Lewis Diaz James A. England Danny J. Herron Robert T. Lameier Robert T. Lameier Donald J. Mullineaux Donald J. Mullineaux Nancy E. Uridil Nancy E. Uridil 
 
 153 

Table of Contents 

 PAY RATIO 
 
 As required by the Dodd-Frank Act, information about the 2022 total compensation for our median employee and the President and CEO, Mr. Howell, is as follows: 
 
 the median of the annual total compensation of all of our employees (other than the CEO) was 120,622; and 
 the annual total compensation of the CEO, as reported in the Summary Compensation Table, was 1,937,594 . 
 
 Based on this information, for 2022, the ratio of the annual total compensation of the CEO to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees was 16 to 1. The annual total compensation for the CEO and median employee excluded the change in the actuarial present value of accumulated pension benefits as those amounts decreased in 2022. 
 
 The median employee was identified in 2022. To identify the median employee, we compared the compensation of all full-time and part-time employees who were employed as of December 15, 2022. We annualized the compensation of employees who were hired in 2022 but did not work for us the entire fiscal year. This compensation measure, which was consistently applied to all employees, included base salary, overtime pay and incentive compensation that was all payable in cash. 
 The median employee's compensation for 2022 includes base salary, excess accrued vacation benefits, incentive compensation, matching contributions to the qualified defined contribution plan, and the value of such employee s pension benefits (if applicable). The value of the pension benefits represents only the change in the actuarial present value of accumulated pension benefits, which is primarily dependent on changes in interest rates, years of benefit service and salary. With respect to the annual total compensation of the CEO, we used the amount reported in the Total column of our 2022 Summary Compensation Table. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 
 
 We have one class of capital stock, Class B Stock, all of which is owned by our current and former member institutions. Individuals, including directors and officers of the FHLB, are not permitted to own our capital stock. Therefore, we have no equity compensation plans. 
 
 The following table lists institutions holding five percent or more of outstanding capital stock at February 28, 2023 and includes any known affiliates that are members of the FHLB: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Capital Percent of Total Number Name Address Stock Capital Stock of Shares U.S. Bank, N.A. 425 Walnut Street Cincinnati, OH 45202 1,188,298 25 11,882,976 Keybank, N.A. 127 Public Square Cleveland, OH 44114 642,676 13 6,426,760 The Huntington National Bank 41 South High Street Columbus, OH 43215 289,315 6 2,893,150 Fifth Third Bank 38 Fountain Square Plaza Cincinnati, OH 45202 260,443 5 2,604,428 
 154 

Table of Contents 

 The following table lists capital stock outstanding as of February 28, 2023 held by member institutions that have an officer or director who serves as a director of the FHLB: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Capital Percent of Total Name Address Stock Capital Stock U.S. Bank, N.A. 425 Walnut Street Cincinnati, OH 45202 1,188,298 24.6 Western Southern Financial Group (1) 
 400 Broadway Street Cincinnati, OH 45202 174,195 3.6 The Park National Bank 50 North Third Street Newark, OH 43058 8,667 0.2 Farmers Bank Trust Company 201 South Main Street Marion, KY 42064 1,834 0.0 The Bank of Fayette County 1265 Highway 57 E Collierville, TN 38017 1,360 0.0 First State Bank 19230 State Route 136 Winchester, OH 45697 1,291 0.0 Farmers National Bank 304 West Main Street Danville, KY 40422 1,178 0.0 Commercial Bank Trust Company 107 North Poplar Paris, TN 38242 1,121 0.0 Miami Savings Bank 8008 Ferry Street Miamitown, OH 45041 1,100 0.0 Ohio Capital Finance Corporation 88 East Broad Street, Suite 1800 Columbus, OH 43215 155 0.0 
 (1) Includes five subsidiaries (Western-Southern Life Assurance Co., Integrity Life Insurance Company, Lafayette Life Insurance Company, Columbus Life Insurance Company and National Integrity Life Insurance Company), which are FHLB members. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 
 
 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Because we are a cooperative, capital stock ownership is a prerequisite to transacting any business with us. Transactions with our stockholders are part of the ordinary course of - and are essential to the purpose of - our business. 
 
 Our capital stock is not permitted to be publicly traded and is not listed on any stock exchange. Therefore, we are not governed by stock exchange rules relating to director independence. If we were so governed, arguably none of our industry directors, who are elected by our members, would be deemed independent because all are directors and/or officers of members that do business with us. Messrs. Diaz, Herron, Mullineaux and Spivey and Mses. Anderson, Darby and Uridil, our seven non-industry directors, have no material transactions, relationships or arrangements with the FHLB other than in their capacity as directors. Therefore, our Board of Directors has determined that each of them is independent under the independence standards of the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 The Finance Agency director independence standards specify independence criteria for members of our Audit Committee. Under these criteria, all of our directors serving on the Audit Committee are independent. 
 
 TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS 
 
 See Note 18 of the Notes to Financial Statements for information on transactions with stockholders, including information on transactions with Directors' Financial Institutions and concentrations of business, and transactions with nonmember affiliates, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 See also Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 155 

Table of Contents 

 Review and Approval of Related Persons Transactions. Ordinary course transactions with Directors' Financial Institutions and with members holding five percent or more of our capital stock are reviewed and approved by our management in the normal course of events so as to assure compliance with Finance Agency regulations. 
 
 As required by Finance Agency regulations, we have a written conflict of interest policy. This policy requires directors (1) to disclose to the Board of Directors any known personal financial interests that they, their immediate family members or their business associates have in any matter to be considered by the Board and in any other matter in which another person or entity does or proposes to do business with the FHLB and (2) to recuse themselves from considering or voting on any such matter. The scope of the Finance Agency's conflict of interest regulation (available at www.fhfa.gov and our conflict of interest policy (posted on our website at www.fhlbcin.com is similar, although not identical, to the scope of the SEC's requirements governing transactions with related persons. In 2007, our Board of Directors adopted a written related person transaction policy that is intended to close any gaps between Finance Agency and SEC requirements. The policy includes procedures for identifying, approving and reporting related person transactions as defined by the SEC. One of the tools that we used to monitor non-ordinary course transactions and other relationships with our directors and executive officers is an annual questionnaire that uses the New York Stock Exchange criteria for independence. Finally, our Insider Trading Policy provides that any request for redemption of excess stock (except for de minimis amounts) held by a Director's Financial Institution must be approved by the Board of Directors or by the Executive Committee of the Board. 
 
 We believe these policies are effective in bringing to the attention of management and the Board any non-ordinary course transactions that require Board review and approval and that all such transactions since January 1, 2022 have been so reviewed and approved. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services . 
 
 The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to the FHLB for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by its independent registered public accounting firm, PwC: 
 
 For the Years Ended (In thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 Audit fees 843 774 Audit-related fees 79 91 Tax fees All other fees 1 1 Total fees 923 866 
 Audit fees were for professional services rendered for the audits of the FHLB's financial statements. 
 
 Audit-related fees were for assurance and services related to the performance of the audit and review of the FHLB's financial statements and primarily consisted of accounting consultations and fees related to participation in and presentations at conferences. 
 
 The FHLB is exempt from all federal, state and local income taxation. Therefore, no fees were paid for tax services during the years presented. 
 
 All other fees were for the annual license of a disclosure compliance checklist. 
 
 The Audit Committee approves the annual engagement letter for the FHLB's audit. In evaluating the performance of the independent registered public accounting firm, the Audit Committee considers a number of factors, such as: 
 PwC's independence and process for maintaining independence; 
 PwC's historical and recent performance on the FHLB's audit, including the results of an internal survey of PwC service and quality with the FHLB and the FHLBank System; 
 external data related to audit quality and performance, including recent Public Company Accounting Oversight Board audit quality inspection reports on PwC; and 
 156 

Table of Contents 

 the appropriateness of PwC's audit fees. 
 
 The Audit Committee also establishes a fixed dollar limit for other recurring annual accounting related consultations, which include the FHLB's share of FHLBank System-related accounting issues. The status of these services is periodically reviewed by the Audit Committee throughout the year with any increase in these services requiring pre-approval. All other services provided by the independent accounting firm are specifically approved by the Audit Committee in advance of commitment. 
 
 The FHLB paid additional fees to PwC in the form of assessments paid to the Office of Finance. The FHLB is assessed its proportionate share of the costs of operating the Office of Finance, which includes the expenses associated with the annual audits of the combined financial statements of the FHLBanks. These assessments, which totaled 61,000 and 47,000 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, are not included in the table above. 

157 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules . 
 
 (a) Financial Statements. The following financial statements of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, set forth in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data above, are filed as a part of this registration statement. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 Statements of Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Statements of Capital for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 (b) Exhibits. 
 Exhibit 
 Number (1) 
 Description of exhibit Document filed or furnished, as indicated below 3.1 Organization Certificate 
 Form 10, filed December 5, 2005 3.2 Bylaws, as amended through January 17, 2019 
 Form 10-K, filed March 21, 2019 4.1 Capital Plan, effective January 11, 2022 
 Form 8-K, filed December 27, 2021 4.2 Description of Capital Stock 
 Form 10-K, filed March 17, 2022 10.1 Form of Blanket Agreement for Advances and Security Agreement, as in effect for signatories prior to November 21, 2005 
 Form 10, filed December 5, 2005 10.2 Form of Blanket Security Agreement, for new signatories on and after November 21, 2005 
 Form 10, filed December 5, 2005 10.3 Form of Mortgage Purchase Program Master Selling and Servicing Master Agreement 
 Form 10, filed December 5, 2005 10.4 Federal Home Loan Banks P I Funding and Contingency Plan Agreement, entered into as of July 20, 2006, by and among the Office of Finance and each of the Federal Home Loan Banks, as amended and restated on January 1, 2017 
 Form 10-K, filed March 16, 2017 10.5 Joint Capital Enhancement Agreement, as amended on August 5, 2011, by and among each of the Federal Home Loan Banks 
 Form 8-K, filed August 5, 2011 10.6 (2) 
 Incentive Compensation Plan as of January 1, 2021 
 Form 10-K, filed March 18, 2021 10.7 (2) 
 Incentive Compensation Plan as of January 1, 2022 
 Form 10-K, filed March 17, 2022 10.8 (2) 
 Incentive Compensation Plan as of January 1, 2023 
 Filed Herewith 10.9 (2) 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati Benefit Equalization Plan (December 2008 Restatement) 
 Form 10-K, filed March 18, 2010 
 158 

Table of Contents 

 10.10 (2) 
 First Amendment to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati Benefit Equalization Plan (December 2008 Restatement) 
 Form 10-K, filed March 18, 2010 10.11 Form of indemnification agreement between the Federal Home Loan Bank and each of its directors and executive officers (used from July 29, 2009 to December 31, 2016) 
 Form 8-K, filed July 30, 2009 10.12 Form of indemnification agreement between the Federal Home Loan Bank and each of its directors and executive officers (used from January 1, 2017 to November 4, 2018) 
 Form 10-K, filed March 16, 2017 10.13 Form of indemnification agreement between the Federal Home Loan Bank and each of its directors and executive officers (used after November 5, 2018) 
 Form 10-K, filed March 21, 2019 10.14 Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati Executive Change in Control Severance Plan 
 Form 10-Q, filed November 9, 2017 24 Power of Attorney (included in Signature Page) 
 Filed Herewith 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Filed Herewith 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Filed Herewith 32 Section 1350 Certifications 
 Furnished Herewith 99.1 Audit Committee Letter 
 Furnished Herewith 99.2 Audit Committee Charter 
 Furnished Herewith 101.INS XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed Herewith 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed Herewith 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Filed Herewith 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed Herewith 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed Herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed Herewith 
 (1) Numbers coincide with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 (2) Indicates management compensation plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 
 159 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, as of the 16th day of March 2023. 
 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF CINCINNATI 
 (Registrant) 
 By: /s/ Andrew S. Howell Andrew S. Howell President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 SIGNATURES AND POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 We, the undersigned directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, hereby appoint Andrew S. Howell and Stephen J. Sponaugle, or either of them, our true and lawful attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things in our names and on our behalves, in our capacities indicated below, which said attorneys and agents, or either of them, may deem necessary or advisable to enable said registrant to comply with the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, in connection with the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including, without limitation, power and authority to sign for us, or any of us, in our names in the capacities indicated below, the Report and any and all amendments to the Report, and we hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorneys and agents, or each of them, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of the 16th day of March 2023. 
 
 Signatures Title /s/ Andrew S. Howell President and Chief Executive Officer Andrew S. Howell (principal executive officer) /s/ Stephen J. Sponaugle Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Stephen J. Sponaugle (principal financial officer) /s/ J. Christopher Bates Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer J. Christopher Bates (principal accounting officer) /s/ J. Lynn Anderson Director (Chair) J. Lynn Anderson, Chair /s/ J. Wade Berry Director J. Wade Berry /s/ Brady T. Burt Director Brady T. Burt /s/ Greg W. Caudill Director Greg W. Caudill /s/ Kristin H. Darby Director Kristin H. Darby /s/ Lewis Diaz Director Lewis Diaz 
 160 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ Roy Molitor Ford, Jr. Director Roy Molitor Ford, Jr. /s/ Danny J. Herron Director Danny J. Herron /s/ Robert T. Lameier Director Robert T. Lameier /s/ Donald J. Mullineaux Director Donald J. Mullineaux /s/ Michael P. Pell Director Michael P. Pell /s/ Kathleen A. Rogers Director Kathleen A. Rogers /s/ Leslie Scott Spivey Director Leslie Scott Spivey /s/ Nancy E. Uridil Director Nancy E. Uridil /s/ James J. Vance Director (Vice Chair) James J. Vance, Vice Chair /s/ Jonathan D. Welty Director Jonathan D. Welty /s/ H. McCall Wilson, Jr. Director H. McCall Wilson, Jr. 

161 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 ex108202210-k.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 
 Exhibit 10.8 

FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF CINCINNATI 
 
 Incentive Compensation Plan Plan Document 

As of January 1, 2023 
 Approved February 2, 2023 

i 

FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF CINCINNATI 
 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 Table Of Contents 
 Page Overview 
 1 
 1. Plan Objectives 
 1 
 2. Definitions 
 1 
 3. Eligibility 
 4 
 4. Incentive Award Opportunity 
 6 
 5. Performance Mix 
 7 
 6. Performance Measures 
 7 
 7. Award Determination 
 8 
 8. Preconditions to Award 
 9 
 9. Vesting of Awards, Timing of Benefit Payments 
 10 
 10. Plan Communication 
 12 
 11. Administrative Control 
 12 
 12. Miscellaneous Conditions 
 13 
 Appendices 17 Appendix A Plan Participants 18 Appendix B Award Opportunity and Performance Mix 19 Appendix C Annual Performance Measures 20 Appendix D Performance Measures Long-Term Deferred Component 21 Appendix E Performance Measures for Chief Risk Officer and ERM 22 

FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF CINCINNATI 
 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 PLAN DOCUMENT 
 Overview 
 The Incentive Compensation Plan is a cash-based annual incentive plan with a deferral component established to provide incentive award opportunities related to the achievement of Bankwide and individual performance objectives by eligible Participants. Performance is evaluated on an annual basis using annual performance measures to determine a total incentive award opportunity. Subject to the conditions described herein, an approved award is paid in cash shortly after the close of the year to which the performance incentive relates. With regard to Participant Levels I through V, a portion of the earned incentive award is mandatorily deferred for three years after the end of the Plan year to which the incentive relates and the payment of the Deferred Award is based on whether applicable safety and soundness measures are achieved during the three-year Deferral Period. 
 
 1. Plan Objectives 
 1.1 The purpose of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati's Incentive Compensation Plan is to achieve the following 
 1.1.1 Promote awareness and achievement of the Bank's annual and long-term profitability and business goals 
 1.1.2 Link performance and compensation to specific Bankwide and individual performance measures 
 1.1.3 Provide a competitive reward structure for officers and other employees 
 1.1.4 Provide a vehicle for closer Board involvement and communication with management regarding Bank strategic plans and 
 1.1.5 Promote loyalty and dedication to the Bank and its objectives. 
 2. Definitions 
 2.1 When used in the Incentive Compensation Plan, the following words and phrases shall have the following meaning 
 2.1.1 Annual Incentive Award means the award based upon the results of a single Plan year, the Eligibility Level, Performance Mix, and other factors detailed in this Plan. 
 2.1.2 Audit Committee means the Audit Committee of the Board. 
 2.1.3 Bank means the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati. 

2.1.4 Board means the Bank's Board of Directors. 
 2.1.5 Chief Risk Officer means the Bank s Chief Risk Officer. 
 2.1.6 Deferred Award means the portion of the Annual Incentive Award Opportunity that is mandatorily deferred for the applicable Deferral Period and which is payable if applicable safety and soundness measures over the Deferral Period are achieved. A rate of interest equal to the Pre-Map effective interest rate in the Defined Benefit Pension plan will be applied annually and be adjusted annually based on any changes in the rate reported by the Defined Benefit Pension plan administrator. 
 2.1.7 Deferral Period means the three-year period over which a portion of the Annual Incentive Award for a Participant in Level I, II, III, IV, or V is mandatorily deferred and over which applicable safety and soundness measures must be achieved before payment to the Particpant. 
 2.1.8 Disability means a Participant who (i) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (ii) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Bank. All determinations as to the date and extent of disability shall be made upon the basis of such evidence, including independent medical reports and data, as the Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee deems necessary and desirable. All determinations of the Committee shall be final and binding. 
 2.1.9 Enterprise Risk Management ERM means the Bank s Enterprise Risk Management department. 
 2.1.10 Executive Officers means the Bank s Named Executive Officers. 
 2.1.11 Extraordinary Events may include changes in business strategy, impact of severe economic fluctuations, significant growth or consolidation of the membership base or other factors that materially impact the Bank or the Federal Home Loan Bank system. 
 2.1.12 Final Award means the amount ultimately paid to a Participant under the Plan. With respect to Participants in Levels VI, VII, VIII and IX, each year the Final Award will be composed solely of that immediately preceding year s Annual Incentive Award. With respect to Participants in Levels I, II, III, IV, and V the Final Award for each year will be composed of a combination of that 
 2 

immediately preceding year s Annual Incentive Award and the Deferred Award. Final award payments will be limited to 100 of the preceding year s compensation. 
 
 2.1.13 Incentive Award Opportunity means the award that may be earned at various levels (Threshold, Target and Maximum) based on the Plan year results, the Eligibility Level, and Performance Mix and other factors detailed in this Plan. 
 2.1.14 Internal Audit Department means the Bank s Internal Audit Department. 
 2.1.15 Participant means a person who, at the discretion of the Board, is eligible to take part in the Plan for a designated Plan year and or Deferral Period, and whose position is included in one of the levels defined within this Plan or who has been separately named as a Participant for that Plan year by the President, with the concurrence of the Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee. 
 2.1.16 Performance Measure means each performance factor that is taken into consideration under the Plan in determining the value of the Final Award. 
 2.1.17 Performance Mix means the weighting of Performance Measures taken into consideration under the Plan in determining the value of the Final Award. 
 2.1.18 Performance Period means the period of time over which Bank performance is measured. In the case of a Participant in Level VI, VII, VIII, or IX this is the Plan year. In the case of any Participant in Level I, II, III,IV, or V this is the Plan year and the Deferral Period. 
 2.1.19 Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee or Committee means the Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee of the Board. 
 2.1.20 Plan means this Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 2.1.21 Plan Administrator means the Board or its designee(s). 
 2.1.22 Plan Year means the calendar year, January 1 through December 31, over which both Bank and Participant performance is measured. 
 2.1.23 President means the President of the Bank. 
 2.1.24 Retire, Retires, or Retirement mean a Participant s Separation from Service after the Participant has (i) been employed with the Bank for at least five (5) years and (ii) reached at least age 62 or (iii) age plus service equals 70. 
 3 

2.1.25 Senior Officer means an officer with a rank of Senior Vice President or above. 
 2.1.26 Separation from Service or Separates from Service means, generally, a termination of employment with the Bank. Except in the case of a Participant on a bona fide leave of absence as provided below, a Participant is deemed to have incurred a Separation from Service if the Bank and the Participant reasonably anticipate that the level of services to be performed by the Participant after a certain date will be reduced to 20 or less of the average services rendered by the Participant during the immediately preceding 36-month period (or the total period of employment, if less than 36 months), disregarding periods during which the Participant was on a bona fide leave of absence. A Participant who is absent from work due to military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence shall incur a Separation from Service on the first date immediately following the later of (i) the six-month anniversary of the commencement of the leave or (ii) the expiration of the Participant s right, if any, to reemployment under statute or contract. For purposes of determining whether a Separation from Service has occurred, the Bank means, with respect to employees it employs, the Bank and each corporation, trade or business that, together with the Bank, is treated as a single employer under Code Section 414(b) or (c), except that common ownership of at least 50 shall be determinative. The Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee will determine, in accordance with Code Section 409A, whether a Separation from Service has occurred. 
 3. Eligibility 
 3.1 Eligibility shall normally be limited to all Employees who 
 occupy positions with an employment status of scheduled full time or scheduled part time as of December 31st of the Plan year and 
 are not in a probationary period due to poor performance or disciplinary action or have received an overall rating equal to or below 1.9 at the time of payment of the Final Award. 
 3.2 Employees of the Bank who are hired into an eligible position by August 31st of the Plan year shall be eligible for participation in the Plan in accord with Section 3.1, and shall receive a prorated incentive award. 
 3.3 Employees of the Bank who are hired into an eligible position on or after September 1st of the Plan year will only be eligible to participate for that Plan year if specifically nominated by the President and shall receive a prorated incentive award. 
 3.4 The Chief Risk and Compliance Officer and other ERM officers and staff will participate in the Plan but their award opportunities will be weighted 75 percent on the Bank-wide program and 25 percent on ERM-specific goals. 
 4 

3.5 Due to its unique role for the Bank and reporting relationship to the Board, the Internal Audit Department will not be included as eligible positions under the Plan, but will be eligible for a similar plan administered by the Audit Committee. 
 3.6 There will be nine levels of participation, with participation in the cash and deferral features of the Plan as follows 
 Applicable Feature Annual 
 Cash Payment 
 
 Mandatory 
 Deferral 
 Level I President Yes Yes Level II Executive Vice Presidents Yes Yes Level III Senior Vice Presidents Yes Yes Level IV First Vice Presidents Yes Yes Level V Vice Presidents Yes Yes Level VI Assistant Vice Presidents Functional Officers Yes No Level VII Professional Staff (Grade 15 and above) Yes No Level VIII Other Exempt Employees (Grade 14 and below) Yes No Level IX Other Non-exempt Employees Yes No 
 
 4. Incentive Award Opportunity 
 4.1 Each Plan year, the Bank will provide an award opportunity to Participants. The award opportunity shall be a percentage of each Participant's compensation. Certain executive positions have a greater and more direct impact than others on the annual success of the Bank therefore, these differences are recognized by varying award opportunities for each Participant level. (See Appendix B Incentive Award Opportunity and Performance Mix for current Plan year award opportunities.) 
 4.2 Compensation for Levels I through VI is defined as the applicable Participants base salary including any salary adjustments made during the Plan year. 
 4.3 Compensation for levels VII VIII and IX is defined as the sum of the applicable Participant s base pay including any salary adjustments made during, as well as shift differential and overtime paid through the Plan year. 
 4.4 In addition to the incentive award opportunity described above, the President may also approve an additional discretionary incentive award opportunity (the President s Award for employees in Levels VII VIII and 
 5 

IX. Based upon the recommendation of a Senior Officer, an employee in Level VII, VIII or IX may be nominated for a President s Award in order to recognize extraordinary individual performance or to address competitive compensation practices within the Bank s labor market. Generally, the President s Award will not exceed an additional ten percent (10 incentive opportunity for the Participant based on compensation as defined in section 4.3. 
 5. Performance Mix 
 5.1 Participants will earn their incentive award by achieving a combination of Bankwide objectives and individual goals. 
 5.2 A Level I, II, III, IV, VII, VIII, or IX Participant will earn an incentive award based solely on the achievement of Bankwide objectives. 
 5.3 The incentive award of a Level V or VI Participant will be weighted between Bankwide objectives and individual goals and will vary by Participant level. The more control and influence a Participant has on Bankwide goals, the greater the Participant's weighting on Bank goals will be. Likewise, the less control and influence a Participant has on Bankwide goals, the greater the weighting on that Participant's individual goals. See Appendix B Incentive Award Opportunity and Performance Mix for current Plan year weightings. 
 6. Performance Measures 
 6.1 Bankwide and individual performance measures will be established with respect to each Plan year. Three achievement levels will be set for each Bankwide and, where applicable, individual measure, and include 
 Threshold The minimum achievement level accepted for the Performance Measure. 
 Target The planned achievement level for the Performance Measure. 
 Maximum The achievement level for the Performance Measure which substantially exceeds (as defined by the Committee) the planned level of achievement. 
 6.2 Bankwide measures will be established by the Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee with Board approval. See Appendix C - Annual Bank Performance Measures and Bank Safety and Soundness Measures for the Deferred Award. 
 6.3 Participants in Levels V and VI typically will have three to five major individual goals established that reflect the priorities of the Participant for the Plan year. Each goal will be weighted to reflect its relative importance, with a minimum weight of 10 percent per goal. In order to be eligible to receive an incentive award based on his or her individual performance, a Level V or VI Participant must submit his or her individual goals in writing to their Senior Officer and the President may approve or modify those goals. 
 6 

6.4 All individual performance goals are to remain in effect for the entire Plan year, however, after the Plan year commences, at the sole discretion of the Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee with Board approval, the Committee may revise Bank Performance Measures and or the President may also revise individual performance goals for the Plan year. All material changes, which occur after initial Finance Agency review and which impact Executive Officers are subject to further Finance Agency review. 
 7. Award Determination 
 7.1 The method of determining the Annual Incentive Award will be according to the following sequence 
 7.1.1 Define the dollar value of the Target Award Opportunity for the Participant. 
 7.1.2 Determine the amount of the Target Award Opportunity that is attributable to Bank performance and to individual performance. 
 7.1.3 After the Plan year ends, evaluate actual Bank performance against the Bankwide Performance Measures stated in Appendix C. Assess Bank performance as it relates to the threshold, target and maximum awards, interpolating between the threshold, target, and maximum awards as necessary. 
 7.1.4 Using the award opportunity table described in Appendix B, determine the Bank incentive award by relating the level of actual Bank performance derived in 7.1.3 to the award opportunity for the Participant's level. Interpolate between the threshold, target, and maximum awards as necessary. 
 7.1.5 After the Plan year ends, where applicable, evaluate actual individual Participant performance against the individual performance goals. Assess performance as it relates to the threshold, target, and maximum performance measures. 
 7.1.6 Using the award opportunity table in Appendix B, determine the individual incentive award by relating the level of actual individual performance derived in 7.1.5 to the award opportunity for the Participant's Level. Interpolate between the threshold, target and maximum awards as necessary. 
 7.1.7 Sum the Bank and individual awards to determine a total award for each Participant. The President with Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee approval may recommend the Board adjust the award of a Participant or one or more Levels of Participants. The Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee may recommend the Board adjust the award of the President. All material changes, which occur after initial Finance Agency review and which impact Executive Officers are subject to further Finance Agency review. 
 7 

7.1.8 Determine whether the Participant is eligible to receive an incentive award for the Plan year and applicable Deferral Period by applying the rules of Sections 8 and 9 below. 
 
 8. Preconditions to Award 
 8.1 Certain preconditions must be satisfied before a Final Award may be made to a Participant 
 8.1.1 The Bank must achieve one or more of the threshold measures of performance as defined in Appendix C 
 8.1.2 The President must determine and the Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee must concur that Bank performance is consistent with bestowing achievement awards and 
 8.1.3 The Participant's immediate supervisor and the President must determine that the individual's overall performance meets their expectations. The President's performance (Level I) will be appraised by the Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee. All other Participants will be appraised by the President and or the Participant's immediate supervisor. 
 8.2 Should any individual Participant's performance meet individual expectations but the Bank fails to achieve one or more of its threshold performance measures no Final Award will be made to any Participant (see exception in Section 8.3). Likewise, if the Bank achieves all its threshold performance measures but a Participant's performance fails to meet such individual expectations no Final Award will be made to that Participant. 
 8.3 In the event the Bank does not achieve at least one threshold performance measures, the President may recommend, with the concurrence of the Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee, an incentive award for extraordinary individual performance. Additionally or alternatively, at the Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee s sole discretion, an incentive award may be recommended for Bank performance below threshold subject to final approval by the Board of Directors. All material changes, which occur after initial Finance Agency review and which impact Executive Officers are subject to further Finance Agency review. 
 8.4 The Level I, II, III, IV, and V Participants shall not receive a Final Award under this Plan if during the most recent examination of the Bank by the Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA ), the Bank received the lowest Composite Rating (as defined in the FHLBank Rating System) indicating the Bank has been found to be operating in an unacceptable manner, exhibits serious deficiencies in corporate governance, risk management or financial condition and performance, or in substantial noncompliance with laws, FHFA regulations or supervisory guidance. Any awards to Levels VI, VII and VIII under these conditions are at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 8 

8.5 Furthermore, the incentive award calculated may be reduced (but not to a number that is less than zero), for all Participants or for an individual Participant, as applicable, if the Committee in its discretion determine that any of the following occur such that if it had occurred prior to the payment of the award, it would have negatively impacted the goal results and or been determined that it should have reduced the associated payout calculation 
 8.5.1 Operational errors or omissions resulting in material revisions to the financial results, information submitted to FHFA or payout calculation, or other data used to determine the award 
 8.5.2 Submission of significant information to the Securities and Exchange Commission, Office of Finance and or FHFA materially beyond any deadline or applicable grace period, other than late submissions that are caused by acts of God or other events beyond the reasonable control of the Participants or 
 8.5.3 Failure by the Bank to make sufficient progress, as determined by the Committee, in the timely remediation of examination and other supervisory findings and matters requiring attention. 
 9. Vesting of Awards, Timing of Benefit Payments 
 9.1 Except as provided in Sections 9.2, 9.3, or 9.4 below, a Participant must be employed by the Bank both on the last day of the Performance Period and on the date the Final Award payment is made as authorized by the Board. 
 9.2 Any Participant on an approved bona fide leave of absence on the date the Board authorizes the payment of the Final Award applicable to that Participant shall be paid his or her Final Award according to the normal payment schedule. 
 9.3 Except as provided in Sections 9.3.1, 9.3.2, or 9.4 below, in the event a Participant voluntarily or involuntarily terminates employment during the Performance Period, no Final Award will be made to the Participant. 
 9.3.1 A Participant who dies or becomes Disabled during the Performance Period may receive a Final Award which is prorated for the applicable period, but only if the President nominates and the Board approves such action. In any such case, all Deferral Period payments will be made at the target level. Any Participant who becomes eligible for a prorated Final Award pursuant to this Section will be paid such Final Award, as soon as practicable following his or her death or Disability but in all events, no later than 2 months following the close of the calendar year in which the death or Disability occurred. 
 9.3.2 A Participant who Retires during the Performance Period may receive an Annual Incentive Award prorated for the applicable period. Any incentive award payments made pursuant to this Section will continue to be earned and evaluated according to the otherwise applicable criteria and shall be paid according to 
 9 

the normal payment schedule. If the Participant has a Deferred Award, those awards will continue to vest and will be paid out according to the applicable criteria and according to the normal payment schedule. 
 9.4 If a Participant ceases employment during the Performance Period or after the Performance Period but before the Board approves the Final Award for that Performance Period, the President may nominate and the Board may approve the Participant to receive a Final Award. In any such case, the Participant s Final Award shall be paid according to the normal payment schedule. 
 9.5 Each Final Award shall be paid no later than 2 months following the close of the calendar year in which the applicable Performance Period ends. This means that any Annual Incentive Award (because it is not subject to mandatory deferral) shall be paid no later than 2 months following the close of the calendar year to which it relates and any Deferred Incentive Award will be paid no later than 2 months following the close of the calendar year in which the mandatory three-year Deferral Period ends. In the case of Executive Officers, the Final Award is subject to Agency review prior to payment. 
 9.6 All Final Awards will be paid out in cash and will be subject to applicable payroll tax withholdings. 
 9.7 No Final Award shall be considered as compensation under any employee benefit plan of the Bank, except as determined by the Board. 
 10. Plan Communication 
 10.1 The Plan administrator will communicate with Participants regarding the Plan according to the following schedule 
 First quarter of the Plan year Communicate Bankwide and individual goals for Plan year. Quarterly Interim assessments of progress toward achieving Bank and individual goals. End of Plan year Final assessment of Bank and individual performance. 
 
 11. Administrative Control 
 11.1 The Board has ultimate authority over the Plan, however, the Board may delegate any and all of its authority regarding the administration and amendment of the Plan to a committee or individual designee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board reserves unto itself the authority to terminate the Plan. 
 11.2 The Bank's Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Inclusion Officer will assist, as requested, the President and the Committee in the 
 10 

administration of the particular provisions of the Plan delegated and specified throughout the Plan as the duties of the Committee and or the President. 
 11.3 In addition to the authority expressly provided in the Plan, the Board or its designee shall have such authority in its sole discretion to control and manage the operation and administration of the Plan and shall have all authority necessary to accomplish these purposes, including, but not limited to, the authority to interpret the terms of the Plan, and to decide questions regarding the Plan and the eligibility of any person to participate in the Plan and to receive benefits under the Plan. The Board s determinations and interpretations regarding the Plan (or those of the Board s designee) shall be final, binding, and conclusive. 
 11.4 The Board has the right to revise, modify, or terminate the Plan in whole or in part at any time or for any reason, and the right to modify any recommended incentive award amount (including the determination of a greater or lesser award, or no award), without the consent of any Participant. Any payment under the Plan may be impacted by Extraordinary Events, a failure to meet certain minimum financial performance or control requirements, and is subject to the claw back provisions described in Section 12.1. In the case of Plan termination, unless otherwise agreed by the Board, all Annual Incentive Awards and Deferred Awards hereunder which have not yet been paid are cancelled and forfeited. 
 12. Miscellaneous Conditions 
 12.1 Any undue incentives (the amount of the incentive over and above what should have been paid barring inaccurate, misstated and or misleading achievement of financial or operational goals) paid to officers of the Bank (i.e., Levels I-VI) based on achievement of financial or operational goals within this Plan that subsequently are deemed to be inaccurate, misstated or misleading shall be recoverable from the officer by the Bank. Inaccurate, misstated and or misleading achievement of financial or operational goals includes, but is not limited to, overstated revenue, income, capital, return measures and or understated credit risk, market risk, operational risk or expenses. Furthermore, the value of any benefits delivered or accrued related to the undue incentive shall be reduced and or recovered by the Bank to the fullest extent possible. 
 12.2 Notwithstanding any Plan provision to the contrary, mere participation in the Plan will not entitle a Participant to an award. 
 12.3 The right of the Bank to discipline or discharge a Participant shall not be affected by reason of any provision of this Plan. The designation of an employee as a Participant in the Plan does not guarantee employment. Nothing in this Plan shall be deemed (i) to give any employee or Participant any legal or equitable rights against the Bank, except as expressly provided herein or provided by law or (ii) to create a contract of employment with any employee or Participant, to obligate the Bank to continue the service of any employee or Participant, or to affect or modify any employee's or Participant's term of employment in any way. 
 11 

12.4 No employee has a guaranteed right to any award under this Plan, and any attempt by an employee to sell, transfer, assign, pledge, or otherwise encumber any anticipated award shall be void, and the Bank shall not be liable in any manner for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts of any person who might anticipate an award under this program. 
 12.5 This Plan shall at all times be entirely unfunded and no provision shall at any time be made with respect to segregating assets of the Bank for payment of any award under this program. If the Bank in its sole and absolute discretion chooses to maintain one or more trusts for the purpose of facilitating the payment of benefits or expenses hereunder, the following provisions shall apply 
 12.5.1 the Bank may set aside in such trust such amount as it deems, in its sole and absolute discretion, necessary to assist it in meeting its obligations to Participants and beneficiaries hereunder 
 12.5.2 any amount so set aside shall remain subject to the claims of the Bank s general creditors and 
 12.5.3 no such trust nor the assets held therein shall be located outside of the United States of America. 
 12.6 The Plan shall be construed, regulated and administered in accordance with the laws of the state of Ohio, unless otherwise preempted by the laws of the United States. 
 12.7 If any provision of the Plan is held invalid or unenforceable, its invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of the Plan, and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such provision had not been included herein. 
 12.8 If a Participant dies before receiving his or her award, any amounts determined to be paid under this Plan shall be paid to the Participant s surviving spouse, if any, or if none, to the Participant s estate. The Bank's determination as to the identity of the proper payee of any amount under this Plan shall be binding and conclusive and payment in accordance with such determination shall constitute a complete discharge of all obligations on account of such amount. 
 12.9 Claims and Appeals Procedures. A Participant (such Participant being referred to below as a Claimant may deliver to the Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee a written claim for a determination with respect to any claim under this Plan. If such a claim relates to the contents of a notice received by the Claimant, the claim must be made within sixty (60) days after such notice was received by the Claimant. The claim must state with particularity the determination desired by the Claimant. 
 The Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee shall consider a Claimant's claim within a reasonable time, but no later than one-hundred-twenty (120) days after receiving the claim. If the Human 
 12 

Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee determines that special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the Claimant prior to the termination of the initial one-hundred-twenty (120) day period. Upon reaching its decision, the Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee shall notify the Claimant in writing. 
 On or before sixty (60) days after receiving a notice from the Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee that a claim has been denied, in whole or in part, a Claimant (or the Claimant's duly authorized representative) may file with the Committee a written request for a review of the denial of the claim. The Committee shall render its decision on review promptly, in writing, and deliver it to the Claimant no later than one-hundred-twenty (120) days after it receives the Claimant s written request for a review of the denial of the claim. If the Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee fails to render a decision within that time frame, the claim is deemed denied. The Human Resources, Compensation and Inclusion Committee s decision upon review is final and binding upon the Participant, any beneficiary of the Participant, or any other person who claims to derive a benefit under this Plan by reference to the Participant. 
 12.10 Deadline to File Legal Action and Venue. Any legal actions, suits or proceedings pertaining to this Plan shall be brought in the courts of Hamilton County, Ohio (whether federal or state) and the Participant, by submission of his or her individual goals hereunder to the President (or in the case of the President, to the Board or Committee), on his or her behalf and on behalf of his or her beneficiaries, persons claiming to be a beneficiary or any other persons who claim to derive a benefit under this Plan by reference to the Participant hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of said courts. The Participant on his or her behalf and on behalf of his or her beneficiaries, persons claiming to be a beneficiary or any other persons who claim to derive a benefit under this Plan by reference to the Participant hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objections he or she, his or her beneficiaries or any such persons may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue in any suit, action or proceeding hereunder in any court, as well as any right he or she, his or her beneficiaries or any such persons may now or hereafter have to remove any such suit, action or proceeding once commenced to another court in any jurisdiction on the grounds of forum non conveniens or otherwise. 
 No legal action to recover benefits under this Plan or any other action arising from, or related to, this Plan may be brought by any Claimant on any matter pertaining to this Plan unless the legal action is commenced in the proper forum as required by this Section within 
 (a) 180 days of the date on which the Claimant knew or reasonably should have known of the principal facts on which the claim is based, or 
 (b) 180 days after the Claimant has exhausted the claims procedures set forth in Section 12.9. 
 13 

For purpose of applying the foregoing provisions, knowledge of all facts that the Participant knew or reasonably should have known shall be imputed to every Claimant who is or claims to be a beneficiary of the Participant or otherwise claims to derive a benefit under this Plan by reference to the Participant. 
 12.11 Any agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter of this Plan which are not contained herein will have no effect or enforceability. 
 12.12 This Plan and the awards hereunder are exempt from the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1973, as amended, on account of the Bank being a governmental entity. This Plan and the awards hereunder are intended to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Additionally, this Plan and the awards hereunder are intended to comply with the requirements of FHFA regulations and supervisory guidance and in accordance with Section 1116 of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008. 

14 

APPENDICES 
 
 15 

APPENDIX A 
 Plan Participants 2023 Plan Year 
 Level Title I President & CEO II Executive Vice Presidents III Senior Vice Presidents IV First Vice Presidents V Vice Presidents VI Assistant Vice Presidents, Functional Officers VII Professional Staff (Grades 15 and above) VIII Professional Staff (exempt status below grade 15) IX Administrative Staff (non-exempt) 
 
 Levels I-VI represent Officers of the Bank 
 16 

APPENDIX B 
 Incentive Award Opportunity to be applied to each Plan year (as a percentage of compensation) 1 2 
 Achievement Levels 
 
 Level Threshold Target Maximum Deferral I 50.0 75.0 100.0 50 II 40.0 60.0 80.0 50 III 35.0 52.5 70.0 50 IV 32.5 48.75 65.0 40 V 30.0 45.0 60.0 35 VI 12.5 18.75 25.0 NA VII 7.75 11.625 15.5 NA VIII 5.25 7.875 10.5 NA IX 4.0 6.0 8.0 NA 
 
 Weightings to be applied to each Plan year 
 Level Bank Individual I 100 0 II 100 0 III 100 0 IV 100 0 V 75 25 VI 60 40 VII 100 0 VIII 100 0 IX 100 0 
 
 Deferral Component 
 
 For each year within the deferral period, a rate of interest equal to the pension plan pre-map effective interest rate will be applied annually, which may be increased or decreased. 
 
 1 Earned incentive awards that fall between any of the designated achievement levels (i.e., threshold, target, and maximum) will be interpolated. 
 2 See Section 3 with regards to the further weighting that applies to the ERM department. 
 17 

APPENDIX C 
 2023 Annual Bank Performance Measures 
 There will be six (6) Bank annual performance measures for the 2023 Plan Year. 
 
 18 

APPENDIX D 
 
 Bank Safety and Soundness Measures for the Deferred Award 
 There will be one safety and soundness measure for the Deferred Award for the period covering 2023-2025. 
 2023-2025 (2022 Deferred Annual Incentive) Market Capitalization Ratio (1) 
 Greater than 100 100 (1) Ratio of Market Value of Equity (MVE) to Par Value of Regulatory Capital Stock measured as lower of up 200 bps and sliding scale for down rate shock. 

19 

APPENDIX E 
 2023 Incentive Compensation Program 
 For Chief Risk Officer and Enterprise Risk Management Department 
 
 Composition of Annual Incentive Compensation Program 
 
 The incentive program for the Chief Risk and Compliance Officer and ERM Department will be comprised of both the Bank-wide goals and ERM department specific goals related to risk management. 
 
 Bank-Wide Program 75 
 ERM-Department Program 
 
 25 
 
 Goals 
 Threshold Aggregate of 2 goals completed 
 Target Aggregate of 3 goals completed 
 Outstanding Aggregate of 4 goals completed 
 
 Each specific ERM department goal may be granted partial credit in increments of 0.25 (a 1.00 would indicate a strategy was completed and thus given 100 percent credit). Each eligible goal receives the same weight. 
 The objectives for each goal indicate the minimum specific actions to be implemented in order to achieve the goal. 
 Satisfactory achievement of goals is determined by the President with documentation provided by the Chief Risk Officer and confirmation by Human Resources and Internal Audit. 
 
 Goal 1 ERM Development, Empowerment & Engagement 
 
 1. Develop and execute cross-training program allowing team members from different areas to collaborate together on projects. 
 2. Develop more formal technical training program which would include a minimum of 8 hours of training per team member . 
 
 Goal 2 Enhancement Department Processes 
 1. Complete FAST project per 2023 plan . 
 2. Create a plan to streamline workload through elimination (or reduction in frequency) of unnecessary processes. 
 3. Research workflow management solutions (e.g., TeamMate, ServiceNow) and make recommendation (potential uses include observation lifecycle management, operating incidents, data requests, and general task workflow management). 
 20 

4. Enhance model processes, documentation, procedures, templates, and reporting. 
 5. This would include both items below 
 a. Instrument pricing model including key upstream and downstream processes. 
 b. Market Risk Profile model including key upstream and downstream processes . 
 
 Goal 3 Data, Modeling, and Analytics 
 
 1. Enhance modeling performance monitoring metrics and update committee materials to reflect the new and enhanced metrics. 
 2. Enhance and implement LIBOR transition related updates for balance sheet modeling purposes. 
 3. Develop a prototype for Climate Risk Assessment Dashboard to capture and communicate impact of climate risk. 
 4. Improve the Income Simulation process 
 5. Simplify the operations of running income simulations 
 6. Enhance and streamline the downstream files (e.g. Earnings Summary) 
 
 Goal 4 Bankwide Training and Alignment 
 
 1. Present at least three information education sessions for key aspects of the ERM framework. 
 2. Create consolidated listing of ERM-led trainings and publish plan for 2023, with focus on ways to streamline consolidate training. 
 3. Coordinate with Internal Audit via creation of an ERM & Audit Alignment Roadmap and fulfillment of items on the 2023 plan . 
 4. Define the roles, responsibilities, and deliverables of the IT oversight function, in alignment with transfer of IT Compliance function to ERM. 
 5. Implement processes for Bank staff outside of ERM to provide feedback and inputs for the ERM Program and or individual risk functions . 

21 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311202210-k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Andrew S. Howell, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 16, 2023 
 
 s Andrew S. Howell Andrew S. Howell President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312202210-k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Stephen J. Sponaugle, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 16, 2023 
 
 s Stephen J. Sponaugle Stephen J. Sponaugle Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex32202210-k.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati (the FHLB) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), each of the undersigned officers certifies, to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the FHLB. 

s Andrew S. Howell Andrew S. Howell President and Chief Executive Officer March 16, 2023 s Stephen J. Sponaugle Stephen J. Sponaugle Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer March 16, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-99.1>
 6
 ex991202210-k.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

Exhibit 99.1 

 Audit Committee Letter 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati (FHLB) at year-end 2022 was composed of five Directors, two who represent the public sector and three who represent industry members. The members of the Audit Committee at year-end 2022 were Brady T. Burt, Chair J. Wade Berry Donald J. Mullineaux Michael P. Pell, and L. Scott Spivey. 
 
 The 2023 Audit Committee is comprised of six Directors, three who represent the public sector and three who represent industry members. The FHLB applied the New York Stock Exchange definition of independence and concluded that each of the Directors on the Audit Committee, during 2022 and currently, is not independent as they are executive officers or directors of member institutions that do business with the FHLB, except Directors Mullineaux (2022, 2023), Spivey (2022, 2023) and Uridil (2023), who do not serve as officers or directors of an FHLB member. Both the 2022 and 2023 Audit Committee members are independent, as defined by the Federal Housing Finance Agency. For further discussion about the Board of Director's analysis of director independence under the New York Stock Exchange rules, see Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence of the FHLB s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The Audit Committee is governed by a written charter that is posted on the FHLB s website at www.fhlbcin.com. The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment and oversight of our independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) including review of their qualifications, independence, and performance. Among other duties, the Audit Committee also oversees 
 the integrity of the FHLB s financial statements, accounting policies, and financial reporting and disclosure practices 
 the adequacy of the internal control system of the FHLB 
 the programs, policies, and systems of the FHLB designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws, regulations, other legal and regulatory requirements, and policies 
 independent auditor's qualifications and independence 
 performance of the internal audit function and 
 performance of the independent auditor. 
 
 The FHLB is one of 11 district Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks) that together with the Office of Finance (OF), comprise the Federal Home Loan Bank System (System). The System collaborates in selecting, setting the compensation of, and evaluating the performance of the independent auditor but the responsibility for the appointment and oversight of the independent auditor remains solely with the audit committees of each FHLBank and the OF. 

PwC has been the independent auditor for the System and the FHLB since 1990. The FHLB s Audit Committee engages in an evaluation of the independent auditor annually. In connection with the appointment of the independent auditor, the Audit Committee s evaluation included consultation with the audit committees of the other FHLBanks and the OF. Specific considerations included 
 an analysis of the risks and benefits of retaining the same firm as independent auditor, including consideration of 
 PwC engagement audit partner, engagement quality review partner and audit team rotation 
 PwC s tenure as independent auditor for the System 
 benefits associated with engaging a different firm as independent auditor and 
 potential disruption and risks associated with changing the independent auditor. 
 PwC s depth and breadth of understanding of our business, operations, and accounting policies and practices 
 PwC s historical and recent performance on the audits of the System, including the results of an internal survey of PwC service and quality 
 an analysis of PwC s known legal risks and significant proceedings 
 external data relating to audit quality and performance, including recent Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) audit quality inspection reports on PwC and its peer firms as well as metrics indicative of audit quality 
 the appropriateness of PwC s fees on both an absolute basis and compared to its peer firms and 
 the diversity of PwC s ownership and staff assigned to the engagement. 
 
 Based on its reviews discussed above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors the appointment of PwC as the FHLB's independent registered public accounting firm for 2023. 
 
 The Audit Committee met on 11 occasions to satisfy its responsibilities during 2022 in compliance with the charter, and met separately with the Chief Audit Executive and PwC. In fulfilling its responsibilities under its charter, the Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with management. The Audit Committee also discussed with PwC the matters required to be discussed by applicable PCAOB standards. Additionally, the Audit Committee also received the written disclosures and the letter from PwC required by PCAOB standards, and discussed with the auditors the Firm's independence. 
 
 Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the current members of the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the FHLB s audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, be included in the FHLB s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Brady T. Burt, Chair 
 Roy M. Ford, Jr. 

Donald J. Mullineaux 
 L. Scott Spivey 
 Nancy E. Uridil 
 H. McCall Wilson, Jr. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 7
 ex992202210-k.htm
 EX-99.2

Document 

Exhibit 99.2 

 AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER 

PURPOSE 
 The purpose of the Audit Committee (the Committee is to assist the full Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati (the FHLB Board of Directors (the Board in fulfilling its fiduciary responsibilities by (1) overseeing the internal and independent audit functions and (2) overseeing the responsibilities of the FHLB management to establish, implement and maintain accounting policies and procedures that comply with applicable law, regulations, guidance and industry standards, including accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP and other applicable reporting and disclosure standards. 
 
 MEMBERSHIP AND MEETINGS 
 The Committee shall consist of five or more Directors of the Board, including a Chair, as appointed by the Board, each of whom meets the criteria of independence outlined in the next section. Membership shall include a balance of independent and member directors, including representatives from community financial institutions. The terms of Committee members shall be appropriately staggered so as to provide for continuity of service. Each Committee member shall be financially literate and at least one member of the Committee shall have extensive accounting or related financial management expertise and qualify as an audit committee financial expert under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Criteria for Independence 
 Each member of the Committee shall be an independent director as defined in Section 10A(m)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In addition, for a member of the Board to be considered sufficiently independent to serve as a member of the Committee, the director must not have, in the judgment of the Board, any disqualifying relationship with the FHLB or its management that would interfere with the exercise of the director's independent judgment. Such disqualifying relationships include, but are not limited to 
 
 Being employed by the FHLB in the current year or any of the past five years. 
 Accepting any compensation from the FHLB other than compensation for Board service. 
 Serving or having served in any of the past five years as a consultant, advisor, promoter, underwriter, legal counsel or independent auditor of or to the FHLB. 
 Being an immediate family member of an individual who is, or has been in any of the past five years, employed by the FHLB as an executive officer. 
 
 The Committee shall meet at least four times annually with the individual responsible for the internal audit function (the Chief Audit Executive ). The Committee shall meet in separate Executive Sessions with each of the Chief Audit Executive and the independent auditor at least annually. A majority of the Committee will be necessary to constitute a quorum, and an affirmative, majority vote of the members attending the meeting where a quorum has been established shall be necessary for passage of any motion or resolution. A motion to enter into Executive Session may be raised by a member of the Committee at any time and is subject to majority vote of the Committee. However, the Chair of the Committee may call an Executive 
 November 17, 2022 1 

Session of the Committee without any action by the Committee and determine the attendance of any staff or other guests at the Chair s discretion. 
 
 Written minutes and related documents shall be prepared for all regular meetings and, when deemed appropriate, for Executive Sessions. The Committee Chair or designee shall report on the proceedings of the Committee for acceptance by the Board at its next full meeting. 
 
 The Committee shall review annually the adequacy of this Charter and shall recommend to the Board any amendments. Amendments may be adopted and approved by the Board at any time. This Charter shall be readopted and reapproved by the Committee and the Board, respectively, no less often than once every three years. 

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Financial Statements and Disclosure 
 (1) Direct senior management to maintain the reliability and integrity of the accounting policies, financial reporting and disclosure practices of the FHLB. 
 
 (2) Direct senior management to have policies in place that are reasonably designed to achieve disclosure and transparency regarding the FHLB's true financial performance and governance practices. 
 
 (3) Review the basis for the FHLB's financial statements and the independent auditor's opinion with respect to such financial statements, including 
 critical audit matters and accounting policies and practices used 
 the nature and extent of any significant changes in accounting principles and 
 reports of the independent auditor concerning material written communications with management, such as management letters and or schedules of unadjusted differences. 
 
 (4) Review and discuss analyses prepared by management and or the independent auditor setting forth significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of the financial statements, including all alternative treatments of financial information under GAAP related to material items that the independent auditor has discussed with management, the ramifications of the use of such alternative treatments, and the treatment preferred by the independent auditor. 
 
 (5) Review with the Chief Audit Executive and senior management 
 the internal control system and the adequacy of the FHLB s internal controls 
 the resolution of any identified material weaknesses and reportable conditions and 
 the policies and procedures for prevention or detection of management override or compromise of the internal control system. 
 
 November 17, 2022 2 

(6) Understand the scope of the review by the FHLB s internal and independent auditors of the FHLB s internal control over financial reporting, and obtain reports on significant findings and recommendations, together with management's responses. 
 
 (7) Review and discuss with management (including the Chief Audit Executive) and the independent auditor management s report on internal control over financial reporting and the independent auditor s attestation of that report prior to the filing of the FHLB s Form 10-K. 
 
 (8) Review and discuss with the independent auditor its opinion on the effectiveness of management s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 (9) Review and discuss with management (including the Chief Audit Executive) and the independent auditor the adequacy of the FHLB s disclosures in its Forms 10-K and 10-Q regarding any changes in internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 (10) Review disclosures made to the Committee by the FHLB s principal executive and financial officers, during their certification process for the FHLB s Forms 10-K and 10-Q, regarding any significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls or material weaknesses therein identified by the independent auditor and any fraud involving management or other employees who have a significant role in the FHLB s internal controls. 
 
 (11) Review and discuss with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, including disclosures made in the Management s Discussion and Analysis section of the FHLB s annual report on Form 10-K, and recommend to the Board whether the audited financial statements should be included in the FHLB s annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 (12) Review and discuss with management and the independent auditor the FHLB s quarterly financial statements, including the results of the independent auditor s review of those financial statements and the disclosures made in Management s Discussion and Analysis, prior to the filing of its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 
 
 (13) Discuss with management any earnings releases to be issued or financial presentations to be made by the FHLB, including the use of any pro forma or adjusted non-GAAP information. Such discussion may be done generally (consisting of discussing the types of information to be disclosed and the types of presentations to be made). 
 
 Oversight of the Independent Auditor Engagement 
 (14) Oversee the independent auditor engagement, in part through performing a review of Audit Quality Indicators on a firm, system and individual engagement level basis, considering qualitative information provided by the independent auditors. 
 
 (15) Select, compensate, evaluate and replace the independent auditor, which shall report directly to the Committee. Request and review input from the members of the Committee, management, and the Chief Audit Executive regarding the performance of the independent auditor. Approve the independent auditor's annual engagement letter. 
 November 17, 2022 3 

(16) Pre-approve the audit and any non-audit services provided by the independent auditor. 
 
 (17) Discuss with the independent auditor the matters required to be discussed under applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ), relating to the conduct of the audit, including any difficulties encountered in the course of the audit work, any restrictions on the scope of activities or access to requested information, any significant disagreements with management, and management s response. 
 
 (18) Resolve any disagreements between the independent auditor and management on financial reporting. 
 
 (19) Receive from the independent auditor the written disclosures and letter, required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent auditor s communications with the Committee concerning independence, and discuss with the independent auditor the independent auditor s independence. 
 
 (20) Assure that adequate policies and procedures are in place so that the Committee may assess the expertise and capacity of the independent auditor to fulfill its duties and obligations. 
 
 (21) Annually discuss with the independent auditor its internal quality control procedures. The Committee should obtain and consider an annual report from the independent auditor regarding its internal quality-control procedures any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review conducted by the PCAOB or a peer review of the independent auditor, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years and any relationships between the independent auditor and the FHLB. 
 
 (22) Ensure the rotation of the lead and concurring audit partners every five years and other audit partners every seven years. Oversee requests for proposals relating to the rotation of the audit firm itself. 
 
 (23) Establish policies regarding the hiring by the FHLB of employees or former employees of the independent auditor. 
 
 Oversight of the Internal Audit Function 
 (24) Oversee the internal audit function by reviewing the scope of audit services required, reviewing and approving the Chief Audit Executive s work plan, staffing and budget, and reviewing audit activities and findings, including internal audit s assessment of significant risk exposures and control issues, corporate governance issues, and such other matters as the Committee may request. 
 
 (25) Establish a follow-up process to monitor and ensure that management actions have been effectively implemented or that senior management has accepted the risk of not taking action. The Committee will receive updates regularly from the Chief Audit Executive with respect to the status of activities undertaken by management, and validation by the internal audit function, to 
 November 17, 2022 4 

address audit and examination findings as well as any other identified remedial actions being tracked to completion. 
 
 (26) Select, terminate, compensate, and evaluate the Chief Audit Executive. The Chief Audit Executive may not be removed without the approval of the Committee, shall report directly to the Committee on substantive matters, and is ultimately accountable to the Committee and the Board. The Chief Audit Executive shall report to the FHLB President on administrative matters. 
 
 Compliance and Other Responsibilities 
 (27) Provide an independent, direct channel of communication between the Board and the internal and independent auditors, each of whom shall have unrestricted access to the Committee and the Board without the need for any prior management knowledge or approval. 
 
 (28) Review the programs and policies of the FHLB designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws, regulations and policies, and monitor the results of these compliance efforts. 
 
 (29) Assure that the FHLB has policies in place to notify the Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA of any accounting treatments or policies identified as having significant legal, reputational, or safety and soundness risk, including in particular any accounting treatments or policies that do not employ GAAP. 
 
 (30) Review the findings of examinations of the FHLB by FHFA (or any other regulatory agency), and any auditor observations on those findings. 
 
 (31) Establish procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the FHLB regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and for the confidential, anonymous submission by FHLB employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. Conduct or authorize investigations into these or any other matters within the Committee's scope of responsibilities. 
 
 (32) Consider any request for the waiver of any provision of the FHLB s Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers. 
 
 (33) Perform the duties assigned to it in the Related Persons Policy of the FHLB. 
 
 (34) Review the policies and procedures established by the FHLB s senior management to assess and monitor implementation of the FHLB s strategic business plan and the operating goals and objectives contained in that plan. 
 
 (35) Annually conduct a Committee self-evaluation. 
 
 (36) Periodically report its findings to the Board. 
 
 November 17, 2022 5 

Reviews of Audit and Accounting Functions 
 (37) At least annually, review, with appropriate professional assistance, the requirements of laws, regulations and guidelines applicable to its activities and duties, and provide to FHFA s Chief Accountant all information required in that regard. 
 
 (38) At least every two years, assess the need for an independent consultant or accounting firm to evaluate one or more accounting policy areas, and report the findings from such assessment to the Board, the FHLB s senior management, and FHFA s Chief Accountant. Consider the appropriate form and scope of engagement for any targeted evaluation determined to be necessary. 
 
 The foregoing responsibilities are set forth with the understanding that the Committee is not, and shall not be, responsible for (1) preparing or auditing the financial statements of the FHLB, (2) assessing or certifying as to the FHLB s disclosure controls or its internal controls over financial reporting or (3) otherwise assuring compliance with the rules and regulations applicable to the FHLB s public disclosures, including its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 OUTSIDE ADVISORS 
 Committee members shall have free and open access to any officer or employee of the FHLB and to such books, records or other resources of the FHLB as the Committee deems necessary to fulfill its duties and responsibilities. FHLB management shall provide the Committee with adequate information and reports for it to fulfill its duties and responsibilities. The Committee shall have the authority to engage any independent counsel, consultants, advisors or experts deemed necessary to fulfill its duties and responsibilities. The FHLB shall provide funding, as determined by the Committee, for payment of compensation to any independent auditor or advisors engaged by the Committee and for payment of ordinary administrative expenses of the Committee that are necessary or appropriate in carrying out its duties. 
 
 November 17, 2022 6 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 fhlbcin-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 fhlbcin-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fhlbcin-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fhlbcin-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fhlbcin-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

