<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_855683_0001437749-23-008658.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7588560</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>233714</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1220326</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2078750</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1969715</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1887701</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-008658.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330170947
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-008658
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MILESTONE SCIENTIFIC INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000855683
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		IRS NUMBER:				133545623
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14053
		FILM NUMBER:		23781660

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 SOUTH ORANGE AVENUE
		CITY:			LIVINGSTON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07039
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(973) 535-2717

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		220 SOUTH ORANGE AVENUE
		CITY:			LIVINGSTON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07039

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MILESTONE SCIENTIFIC INC/NJ
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970409

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	U S OPPORTUNITY SEARCH INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-008658.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 mlss20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

mlss20221231_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 Milestone Scientific Inc. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 American 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: NONE. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment of this Form 10-K. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large, accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large, accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrants most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non- affiliates of the issuer was This amount is based on the closing price of 0.92 per share of the registrant's common stock as of such date, as reported on the NYSE American. As of March 30, 2023, the registrant has a total of shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 None 

1

MILESTONE SCIENTIFIC INC. 
 Form 10-K Annual Report 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 

Item 2. 
 Description of Property 
 22 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 22 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 23 

Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operations 
 24 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 29 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements 
 29 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 30 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 30 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent inspections 
 30 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons and Corporate Governance; Compliance with Section 16 (a) of the Exchange Act 
 31 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 31 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 31 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 31 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 31 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 32 

SIGNATURES 
 
 34 

EXHIBITS 

2

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance, or achievements of Milestone Scientific Inc. Milestone Scientific to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Milestone Scientific s plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving the continued expansion of its business. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the control of Milestone Scientific. Although Milestone Scientific believes that its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate. Considering the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, particularly in view of our history of operating losses that are expected to continue, requiring additional funding which we may be unable to raise capital when needed (which may force us to delay, curtail or eliminate commercialization efforts of our CompuFlo Epidural Computer Controlled Anesthesia System), the early stage operations of and relatively lack of acceptance of our medical products, relying exclusively on two third parties to manufacture our products, changes to our distribution arrangements exposes us to risks of interruption of marketing efforts and building new marketing channels, changes in our informal manufacturing arrangements made by the manufacturer of our products and disruptions at the manufacturing facility of our manufacturers, including shortages of or delays in obtaining chips and other components, exposes us to risks that may harm our business, raising additional funds by issuing securities or through licensing or lending arrangements may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights, if physicians do not accept nor use our CompuFlo Epidural Computer Controlled Anesthesia System, our ability to generate revenue from sales will be materially impaired, exposure to the risks inherent in international sales and operations, including China, and developments by competitors may render our products or technologies obsolete or non-competitive, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by Milestone Scientific or any other person that the objectives and plans of Milestone Scientific will be achieved. Milestone Scientific undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. 

3

PART I 
 
 All references in this report to Milestone Scientific, us, our, we, the Company or Milestone refer to Milestone Scientific Inc., and its consolidated subsidiaries, Wand Dental, Inc., Milestone Medical, Inc. (all described below), unless the context otherwise indicates. Milestone Scientific is the owner of the following registered U.S. trademarks: C ompuDent ; CompuMed ; CompuFlo ; DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing technology ; Milestone Scientific ; CathCheck the Milestone logo ; SafetyWand ; STA Single Tooth Anesthesia System ; and The Wand . 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 Milestone Scientific was incorporated in the State of Delaware in August 1989. Milestone Scientific has developed a proprietary, revolutionary, computer-controlled anesthetic delivery device, our DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing Technology System, to meet the needs of various subcutaneous drug delivery injections and fluid aspiration enabling healthcare practitioners to achieve multiple unique benefits that cannot currently be accomplished with the 160-year-old manual syringe. The device, using The Wand , a single use disposable handpiece, is marketed in dentistry under the trademark CompuDent , and STA Single Tooth Anesthesia System and is suitable for all dental procedures that require local anesthetic. The dental devices are sold in the United States, Canada and in 38 other countries. Milestone Scientific also has 510(k) marketing clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on the CompuFlo Epidural Computer Controlled Anesthesia System in the lumbar spine region. In addition, certain medical devices have obtained CE mark approval and can be marketed and sold in most European countries. 
 
 Milestone Scientific is a biomedical technology research and development company that patents, designs, develops and commercializes innovative diagnostic and therapeutic injection technologies and devices for medical, and dental Since our inception, we have engaged in pioneering proprietary, innovative, computer-controlled injection technologies, and solutions for the medical and dental markets. We believe our technologies are proven and well established. Our common stock was initially listed on the NYSE American on June 1, 2015 and trades under the symbol MLSS . The Company is focused on building its intellectual; property portfolio across numerous indications. 
 
 The recent receipt of chronology-Specific CPT Code for the Company's technology by the American Medical Association marks an important milestone, that could increase the potential number of anesthesia pain management clinics adopting the CompuFlo instrument. A CPT code expands the potential for reimbursement of epidural procedures in pain management utilizing the CompuFlo Epidural System., which should help accelerate the commercial roll-out of CompuFlo in the U.S. 
 
 DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing Technology; Our Proprietary Core Technology Platform 
 
 Given our experience and established brand awareness within the dental industry beginning with our first commercial product, the first computer-controlled local anesthesia delivery (C-CLAD) system marketed as the Wand and re-branded as the CompuDent System, now the market leader in dental injection technology, we elected to focus our product development efforts on improving the patient experience and making the device more versatile and precise for the practitioner. 
 
 Our next significant intellectual property advancement was a improvement over our CompuDent System the development of our proprietary CompuFlo Computer-Controlled Drug Delivery System with DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing Technology, an advanced and FDA-approved technology for the painless and accurate delivery of drugs, anesthetics, and other medicaments into all tissue types, as well as for the aspiration of bodily fluids or previously injected substances. Its regulation and control of the flow rate continues to provide painless delivery benefits, while its innovative dynamic pressure sensing capability provides visual and audible in-tissue pressure feedback, identifying tissue types to the healthcare provider. This pressure feedback extends the benefit of painlessness from anesthetics with known viscosities to a wide range of liquid drugs and other medicaments with varying viscosities and flow rates. Such pressure feedback, part of our DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing Technology, also allows the healthcare provider to know when certain types of tissues have been penetrated and permits the healthcare provider to inject medicaments precisely at the desired location. Thus, real-time continuous pressure feedback can prevent the injection to tissue outside the intended target area, an important characteristic in the injection of chemotherapeutics and other toxic substances. 
 In addition to the ability to determine exit pressure in-situ (in the injection site tissue) at the tip of the needle, minimizing tissue damage (and eliminating the pain of the injection) because the flow rate and pressure of the injection are precisely controlled, CompuFlo computer-controlled Drug Delivery Systems features a proprietary algorithm, which allow for the measurement of the exit pressure. These algorithms contain the critical components of specific drugs, parameters of needles, tubing and syringes and all other pertinent components for the safe and efficacious delivery of medications for all procedures. CompuFlo technology also enables devices to provide a digital record of the time and volume of anesthetic or medicament injected. 
 
 Each Wand/STA System also includes a disposable injection handpiece that is extremely comfortable, light, and easy to use, providing for precise tactile control during the injection, an electro-mechanical (computer-controlled) fluid delivery instrument and the ability to record data from the injection event. The pencil grip used with the handpieces provides the practitioner with enhanced tactile sense and accurate control and allows bi-directional rotation, eliminating needle deflection, resulting in a greater accuracy and success. The handpiece is vibration-free because it does not have a motor or electrical component in it and, since the handpiece does not look like a typical syringe, we believe it also reduces patient anxiety and offers the possibility of curing dental phobia of which an estimated 40 million Americans suffer. 

4

As confirmed by numerous noted medical and dental experts within academia and the clinical practice arenas, CompuFlo Systems using DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing technology have the potential to greatly increase the safety and efficacy of many drug delivery procedures that currently rely upon the over 160-year-old hypodermic syringe technology and the tactile senses and delivery expertise of the administrator. 
 
 Devices using DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing Technology such as the CompuFlo System can be used to inject a wide variety of liquid medicaments as well as anesthetics. We believe our CompuFlo System avoids the negative side effects from the use of traditional hypodermic drug delivery injection devices, which are well documented in dental and medical literature and include risk of death, transient or permanent paralysis, pain, tissue damage and post-operative complications. Pain and tissue damage often result from uncontrolled flow rates and pressure created during the administration of drug solutions into human tissue. While several technologies can control the flow rate, we believe our patented DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing technology and CompuFlo Systems provide the control of pressure during the injection as well accurately and precisely delivery the drug. 
 
 CompuFlo Epidural Computer Controlled Anesthesia System 
 
 The CompuFlo Epidural Computer Controlled Anesthesia System (or the CompuFlo Epidural System) is one such platform extension of our DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing Technology platform, providing anesthesiologists and other healthcare providers the ability, for the first time, to quantitatively determine and document the pressure at the needle tip in real-time for proper needle placement in epidural procedures used for labor/delivery and back pain management. Our proprietary DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing Technology allows the CompuFlo Epidural System to provide objective visual and audible in-tissue pressure feedback that allows anesthesiologists to identify and confirm placement in the epidural space. 
 
 Our CompuFlo Epidural System provides an objective tool that we believe consistently and accurately identifies the epidural space by detecting the difference in pressure between the ligamentum flavum and the intrafilamentary tissue. In studies, the CompuFlo Epidural System with DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing Technology has been shown to be effective in correctly identifying the epidural space. Knowing the precise location of a needle tip during an epidural injection procedure provides a measure of safety not presently available to doctors using conventional syringes. In the absence of fluoroscopy, identifying the epidural space by relying on the subjective perception of loss of resistance to saline requires a very long education period and learning curve and could result in morbidity and lack of efficacy. During back pain management epidural procedures, where fluoroscopy is commonly used, the CompuFlo Epidural System allows the clinician to locate the epidural space, without using fluoroscopy, thereby protecting the patient and clinician from unnecessary exposure to radiation along with significantly reducing capital and operating costs. 
 
 Wand/STA Dental Product 
 
 Since its market introduction in early 2007, the Wand STA System and prior C-CLAD devices have been used to deliver over 80 million safe, effective, and comfortable injections. The instrument has also been favorably evaluated in numerous peer-reviewed, published clinical studies and associated articles. Moreover, there appears to be a growing consensus among users that the STA Instrument is proving to be a valuable and beneficial instrument that is positively impacting the practice of dentistry worldwide. 
 
 Medical Market Product 
 
 During 2016, Milestone Scientific filed for 510(k) marketing clearance with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for both intra-articular and epidural injections with the CompuFlo Epidural System. In June 2017, the FDA approved the CompuFlo Epidural System for epidural injections. 
 
 In addition, the recent receipt of chronology-Specific CPT Code for the Company's technology by American Medical Association marks an important milestone, that could increase the potential number of anesthesia pain management clinics adopting the CompuFlo instrument. A CPT code expands the potential for reimbursement of epidural procedures in pain management utilizing the CompuFlo Epidural System., thereby helping accelerate the commercial roll-out of CompuFlo in the U.S. 
 
 Cosmetic Botulinum Product 
 
 Milestone Advanced Cosmetic Systems, Inc. Advanced Cosmetic Systems ), was originally owned 50 by us and 50 by Milestone China Company Limited Milestone China ), a company organized under the laws of Hong Kong and initially owned 40 by Milestone Scientific. Milestone China contributed 900,000 of cash to the joint venture, and we have provided a royalty-free license to utilize our technology to the joint venture to develop a botulinum toxin injection device. 
 
 In November 2017, we announced plans for the commercial launch of our proprietary cosmetic injection device using our DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing technology platform and our CompuFlo Cosmetic System for delivery of botulinum toxin. Our proprietary cosmetic injection device features improved needle placement with a comfortable stylus grip, precise dosing, the same technology platform that has made dental and epidural injections painless, and a new, intuitive touch-screen interface. Although the Company received positive outcomes of multi-state human factor studies with targeted customers, the Company did not have the necessary capital to move forward with the commercial launch of our cosmetic device and apply for marketing clearance in Europe (CE clearance), and United States (FDA clearance). 

5

Other Possible Products 
 
 The Company is reviewing using CompuFlo s DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing Technology for less painful injections for use in rhinoplasty, colorectal surgery, podiatry, and other disciplines. In the self-injectable market, there are many injectable drugs routinely self-administered in a home or office setting using spring loaded automatic injection devices by people who suffer from long-term chronic conditions such as multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, and other diseases of the auto immune system. We believe CompuFlo s DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing Technology, using pressure sensing capabilities, can serve as a less painless subcutaneous injection method for these self-administered drugs. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop any such products, or that if developed, that we will be able to obtain FDA approval to market any such products, or even if we do obtain such FDA approval, that any such products will generate any revenue for us or be a commercial success. 
 
 Ukraine 
 
 Sanctions imposed by the United States and other western democracies, because of the Ukrainian-Russian conflict, and any expansion thereof, is likely to have unpredictable and wide-ranging effects on the domestic and global economy and financial markets, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. As direct impact from the conflict, we have experienced a decrease in international sales to Ukraine and halted all sales to Russia. We will continue to monitor the situation carefully and, if necessary, take action to protect our business, operations, and financial condition. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic materially adversely affected the Company s financial results and business operations during 2021. During the year 2022, the demand increased, and recovery of the dental business was seen, however, it is unclear what the effect other possible variants might have on the business during 2023. Therefore, such increased demand may or may not continue and/or demand may or may not increase from historical levels depending on the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, the transmissibility and severity of variants, the effectiveness of the on-going vaccination process, the length of time it takes for normal economic and operating conditions to resume, additional governmental actions that may be taken and/or extensions of time for restrictions that have been imposed to date, and numerous other uncertainties. Such events may result in business and manufacturing disruption, inventory shortages, delivery delays, and reduced sales and operations, any of which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop any such products, or that if developed, that we will be able to obtain FDA approval to market any such products, or even if we do obtain such FDA approval, that any such products will generate any revenue for us or be a commercial success.

The Company s employees have been and are being affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The health of the Company s workforce is of primary concern and the Company may need to enact further precautionary measures to help minimize the risk of our employees being exposed to the coronavirus. Further, our management team is focused on mitigating the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. If these conditions worsen, the Company s ability to manage its business may be impaired, and operational risks, cybersecurity risks and other risks facing the Company prior to the pandemic may be elevated. The COVID-19 pandemic is affecting the Company s customers, suppliers, vendors, and other business partners, but the Company is not able to predict the ultimate consequences that will result therefrom.

We are experiencing supply delays and shortages due to the disruptions the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic is having on the global supply chain, especially with respect to goods from China. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant disruption to the operations of certain suppliers in China and the related transportation of their goods to the United States that are parts of our global supply chain. We have been able to make alternative delivery arrangements for limited quantities of goods, at increased cost. While we have not yet experienced material shortages in supply because of these disruptions and our alternative delivery arrangements, if they were to be prolonged or expanded in scope, there could be resulting supply shortages which could impact our ability to have manufactured and delivered our products to the United States and, ultimately to our customers. Accordingly, such supply shortages and delivery limitations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. All of these factors may have far reaching impacts on the Company s business, operations, and financial results and conditions, directly and indirectly, including without limitation impacts on the health of the Company s management.

Patents and Intellectual Property 

Milestone Scientific and its subsidiaries currently hold approxi
 mately 216 U.S. a nd foreign patents, and many patent applications. The Company s patents and patent applications relate to drug delivery methodologies, drug flow rate measurement, pressure/force computer-controlled drug delivery with exit pressure, dynamic pressure sensing, automated rate control, automated charging, drug profiles, audible and visual pressure/force feedback, tissue identification, drug delivery injection unit, drug drive unit for anesthetic, handpiece, and injection device. Milestone Scientific and its subsidiaries also currently hold approximately 36 registered U.S. and foreign trademarks, including
 CompuDent 
 , CompuFlo 
 , DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing technology 
 , Safety Wand 
 , STA Single Tooth Anesthesia System 
 , and
 The Wand 

6

Milestone Scientific relies on a combination of patent, copyright, trade secret and trademark laws and employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements to protect its intellectual property rights. Despite the precautions taken by Milestone Scientific to protect its IP rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to reverse engineer, copy, or obtain and use products and information that Milestone Scientific regards as proprietary, or may design products serving similar purposes that do not infringe on Milestone Scientific s patents. Milestone Scientific s failure to protect its proprietary information and the expenses of doing so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 If Milestone Scientific s products infringe upon patent or proprietary rights of others, we may be required to modify processes or to obtain licenses. There can be no assurance that Milestone Scientific would be able to do so in a timely manner, upon acceptable terms and conditions, or at all. The failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Milestone Scientific has informal arrangements with an U.S. manufacturer of the Wand/STA System, and epidural devices. Pursuant to these informal arrangements, our third-party manufacturer manufactures the Wand/STA System under specific purchase orders without minimum purchase commitments, and at prices to be agreed upon in each such purchase order. 
 
 Our agreement with the principal manufacturer of dental handpieces includes pricing terms. Milestone Scientific has been supplied by the manufacturer of the Wand/STA System and its predecessor, the CompuDent System , since the commencement of production in 1998, and by the manufacturer of its dental handpieces since 2003. The manufacturer of our dental handpieces is in the People s Republic of China and the manufacturer of the Wand/STA System is in the United States. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 
 Changes to pricing of the Wand/STA System instruments by the manufacturer could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, and results of operations. Termination of the manufacturing relationship with any of these third-party manufacturers could significantly and adversely affect our ability to produce and sell the products. 
 
 Though other alternate sources of supply for dental handpieces exist, Milestone Scientific would need to establish relationships with new suppliers, and with respect to the Wand/STA System recover its existing tools or have new tools produced and burn in and other manufacturing and quality control software re-produced. Establishing new manufacturing relationships could involve significant expense and delay. Any curtailment or interruptions of supply, whether as a result of the inability of a supplier to meet our product delivery needs or termination of the relationship, would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, and results of operations. 
 
 Distribution and Marketing 
 
 Dental Products 
 
 The Company has used a combination of exclusive and non-exclusive distributors to sell its dental products. In the United States and Canada the Company s largest distributor was Henry Schein, Inc. Henry Schein ). In December 2021, Henry Schein s exclusive distribution arrangement with respect to the Wand STA System became a non-exclusive distribution arrangement for the United States and Canada, and on December 31, 2022 such non-exclusive distribution arrangement terminated. 
 
 In anticipation of such termination, in January 2021, the Company began a process of signing non-exclusive dental distribution arrangements with dental distributors in specific geographical locations in the United States and Canada. As of December 31, 2022, there are twelve new non-exclusive dental distributors engaged in the United States and Canada. In addition, the Company developed its own United States direct distribution channel which was launched in January of 2023. 
 
 On the global front, we have granted exclusive marketing and distribution rights for the Wand STA System to select dental suppliers in various international regions in Asia, Africa, South America, and Europe. Additionally, the Company is in the process of evaluating current international distributors and adding new distributors globally as required based on the economics of the region. 
 
 Medical Product 
 
 The company, markets and sell it s medical products in the international markets such as Italy, Switzerland, Greece, Canada and the Middle East through exclusive distributors. In the United States the Medical products are sold by a direct sales team of 3 full time employees and CTI a medical distributor covering 22 states. 
 
 Competition 
 
 As of this filing, there is no subcutaneous drug delivery platform or device on the market regulating the flow rate and pressure of an injection capable of delivering a painless injection at the desired location like Milestone Scientific s proprietary, patented devices having our DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing technology. 

7

Milestone Scientific s devices compete based on their performance characteristics and the benefits provided to the patient, practitioner, and their business operations. Clinical studies have shown that our devices reduce fear, pain and anxiety for many patients, and Milestone Scientific believes that they can reduce practitioner stress levels, as well. Other computer-controlled local anesthesia delivery (C-CLAD) options are the Quicksleeper and SleeperOne, from Dental Hi Tec, Dentapen from Septodant, the Calajet from Aseptico, and the Comfort Control Syringe by Dentsply. In the medical segment, for needle verification and placement the EpiFaith Syringe made its market entry in 2023. 
 
 The Quicksleeper was invented in France by Dr. Alain Villette in 1991. It is marketed as the only local anesthetic delivery device in France that allows the ability to perform all intraoral local anesthetic injection techniques, including osteocentral anesthesia, quickly and without failure. The extra feature that gives the Quicksleeper this ability is a built-in motor in the syringe/handpiece that renders the syringe both an injector and a perforator of bone. That is, the handpiece of the Quicksleeper can perform an intraosseous injection via a motor driven perforation of the cortical plate of bone. A standard dental needle that attaches to the syringe spins as the motor rotates the handpiece thus acting as a perforator. However, the handpiece is relatively heavy, weighing 240 g. as compared to a standard syringe that weighs 80 g. Injection speed increases during the injection, but the operator cannot control when the injection speed increases. 
 
 The Calajet instrument, manufactured in Europe, has been very slow to grow market acceptance. It recently began marketing in the United States with similar slow acceptance. The instrument is a higher price than the Wand STA and does not provide dynamic pressure sensing technology. Although a competitor, we believe that without a substantial distribution network this instrument will have a difficult time to be successful in the United States. 
 
 The Dentapen from Septodent is the newest competitor in the market. This device is manufactured in Europe and began marketing in the United States in 2018. This device is priced similar to the Wand/STA device, but at this time, to our knowledge, it has been slow to attract viable distribution in the United States. 
 
 The EpiFaith Syringe claims to assist the physicians in entering the epidural space. The instrument is introduced at a lower price. Although a potential competitor, we believe that our technology is well documented and is the only pressure sensor guidance system for epidural analgesia assisting the physician over the entire trajectory of epidural needle placement and catheter verification. 
 
 Milestone Scientific s proprietary, patented devices with its DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing Technology platform also compete with disposable and reusable syringes that generally sell at lower prices and that use established and well-understood methodologies in both the dental and medical marketplaces. 
 
 Rapid technological change and research may affect our products. Current or new competitors could, at any time, introduce new or enhanced products with features that render our products less marketable or even obsolete. Therefore, Milestone Scientific must devote substantial efforts and financial resources to improve existing products, bring products to market quickly, and develop new products for related markets. In addition, the ability to compete successfully requires that Milestone Scientific maintain an effective distribution network with a strong marketing plan. Any new products must comply with applicable regulatory authorities before they may be marketed. Milestone Scientific cannot assure that it can compete successfully, that competitors will not develop technologies or products that render our products less marketable or obsolete, or, that Milestone Scientific will succeed in improving its existing products, effectively develop new products, or obtain required regulatory approval for those products. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 The manufacture and sale of medical devices and other medical products are subject to extensive regulation by the Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") pursuant to the U.S. Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FD C Act ), and by other federal, state, and foreign authorities. Under the FD C Act, medical devices must receive FDA clearance before they can be marketed commercially in the United States. Some medical products must undergo rigorous pre-clinical and clinical testing and an extensive FDA approval process before they can be marketed. 
 
 These processes can take many years and require the expenditure of substantial resources. The time required for completing such testing and obtaining such approvals is uncertain, and FDA clearance may never be obtained. Delays or rejections may be encountered based upon changes in FDA policy during the period of product development and FDA regulatory review of each product submitted. Similar delays also may be encountered in other countries. Following the enactment of the Medical Device Amendments to the U.S. Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act in May 1976, the FDA classified medical devices in commercial distribution into one of three classes. This classification is based on the controls necessary to reasonably ensure the safety and effectiveness of the medical devices. Class I devices are those devices whose safety and effectiveness can reasonably be ensured through general controls, such as adequate labeling, pre-market notification, and adherence to the FDA s Quality System Regulation QSR ), also referred to as Good Manufacturing Practices GMP regulations. Some Class I devices are further exempted from some of the general controls. Class II devices are those devices whose safety and effectiveness reasonably can be ensured using special controls, such as performance standards, post-market surveillance, patient registries, and FDA guidelines. Class III devices are those which must receive pre-market approval by the FDA to ensure their safety and effectiveness. Generally, Class III devices are limited to life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable devices. 

8

Prior to Pre-market Notification clearance, the manufacturer or distributor may not place the device into commercial distribution until an order is issued by the FDA. By regulation, the FDA has no specific time limit by which it must respond to a 510(k) Pre-market Notification. Currently, the FDA typically responds to the submission of a 510(k) Pre-market Notification within 180 days. The FDA response may declare that the device is substantially equivalent to another legally marketed device and allow the proposed device to be marketed in the United States. However, the FDA may determine that the proposed device is not substantially equivalent or may require further information, such as additional test data, before the FDA is able to decide regarding substantial equivalence. Such determination or request for additional information could delay market introduction of products. If a device that has obtained 510(k) Pre-market Notification clearance is changed or modified in design, components, method of manufacture, or intended use, such that the safety or effectiveness of the device could be significantly affected, separate 510(k) Pre-market notification clearance must be obtained before the modified device can be marketed in the United States. If a manufacturer or distributor cannot establish that a proposed device is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed device, the manufacturer or distributor will have to seek pre-market approval of the proposed device, a more difficult procedure requiring extensive data, including pre-clinical and human clinical trial data, as well as extensive literature to prove the safety and efficacy of the device. 
 
 The FDA cleared the Wand, our CompuDent System, and its disposable handpieces, for marketing in the United States for dental applications in July 1996; the CompuMed System for marketing in the United States for medical applications in May 2001; the Safety Wand for marketing in the United States for dental applications in September 2003; the Wand/STA System for dental applications in August 2006; and our CompuFlo Epidural System in June 2017. 
 For us to commercialize other products in the United States, Milestone Scientific would have to submit and have cleared additional 510(k) applications to the FDA. In 2017, the FDA reduced the barrier to marketing clearance for certain dental devices. As a result, other manufacturers of injection devices could more easily enter the dental market. However, we believe that any new device will be very limited in sales volume without a significant distributor in the dental market. 
 
 Though certain dental and medical devices have received FDA marketing clearance, there can be no assurance that any of the other medical devices under development will obtain the required regulatory clearance in a timely manner, or at all. If regulatory clearance of a product is granted, such clearance may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed. In addition, modifications may be made to the products to incorporate and enhance their functionality and performance based upon new data and design review. There can be no assurance that the FDA will not request additional information relating to product improvements; that any such improvements would not require further regulatory review, thereby delaying the testing, approval, and commercialization of product improvements; or that ultimately any such improvements will receive FDA clearance. 
 
 Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored through periodic inspections by the FDA. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, manufacturer or facility may result in restrictions on such product or manufacturer, including fines, delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions, and criminal prosecution. 
 
 Milestone Scientific is subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, whose regulations require manufacturers of medical devices to adhere to certain QSR requirements as defined by the FD C Act. QSR compliance requires testing, quality control and documentation procedures. Failure to comply with QSR requirements can result in the suspension or termination of production, product recall or fines and penalties. Products also must be manufactured in registered establishments. In addition, labeling and promotional activities are subject to scrutiny by the FDA and, in certain circumstances, by the Federal Trade Commission. The export of devices is also subject to regulation in certain instances. 
 
 The Medical Device Reporting MDR regulation obligates us to provide information to the FDA on product malfunctions or injuries alleged to have been associated with the use of the product or in connection with certain product failures that could cause serious injury. If, because of FDA inspections, MDR reports or other information, the FDA believes that Milestone Scientific is not in compliance with the law, the FDA can institute proceedings to detain or seize products, enjoin future violations, or assess civil and/or criminal penalties against us, our officers, or employees. Any action by the FDA could result in disruption of operations for an undetermined amount of time. 
 
 In May 2022, the Company initiated a Corrective Action Preventative Action (CAPA) investigation of the Epidural Disposable Kit, Part # 6100-01, lot HC 51, the scope of the voluntary market withdrawal needed to be expanded to include Part # 6100-03, lot HC 50. A new non-conformance was initiated, and Lot HC 50 was added to the scope of the CAPA initiated above. The investigation via the CAPA identified that there is an issue with the id adaptors used in both lot s HC 51 and HC 50. However, the Health Hazard Evaluation shows that there is no risk to the patient or the user, thus management has determined there are no potential impacts to patients or users. Lot s HC 51 and HC 50 are worth approximately 22,000 and 10,000 respectively. Management has determined that no other lots were affected. 
 
 In May 2022, the Company was notified that Wand STA handpieces, reference # STA 5050-2725, lot B210113 were packaged incorrectly. The Company initiated a Corrective Action Preventative Action (CAPA) investigation to determine the root cause and implement corrective actions. The Health Hazard Evaluation was completed and showed that there is no risk to the patient or the user due to this discrepancy, thus management has determined there are no potential impacts to patients or users. However, to provide the highest quality products to the market, Milestone Scientific decided to initiate a voluntary market withdrawal on May 13, 2022. Lot B210113 is worth approximately 25,000. 

9

Human Capital 
 
 The Company has a total 20 full-time employees, including two executive officers. Milestone Scientific also has a consultant who serves as a Director of Clinical Affairs. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement and we believe our employee relations are 
 good. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 We were organized in August 1989 under the laws of the State of Delaware. Our principal executive office is located at 425 Eagle Rock Avenue, Roseland, New Jersey 07068. Our telephone number is (973) 535-2717. 

10

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. The risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 
 
 We have incurred significant losses since our inception. These operating losses are expected to continue, and we are unable to predict the extent of future losses, whether we will generate significant revenues or whether we will achieve or sustain profitability. 
 
 We are a small, non-diversified medical device company with a history of limited revenue and significant operating losses and our prospects must be evaluated considering the uncertainties, risks, expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered by similarly situated companies. The Company has generated net losses in all periods since the commencement of our operations. The operating losses were 8.8 million and 7.4 million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 We expect to make substantial expenditures and incur increasing operating costs in the future and our accumulated deficit will increase significantly as we undertake to commercialize our CompuFlo Epidural System. Our losses have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse impact on our working capital, total assets, and stockholders' equity. Because of the risks and uncertainties associated with product acceptance, we are unable to predict the extent of any future losses, whether we will ever generate significant revenues or if we will ever achieve or sustain profitability. Even if we do generate profits from operations, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to generate profits from operations, and to become and remain profitable, could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, and maintain our commercial efforts or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could also cause our shareholders to lose all or part of their investment 
 
 We may require additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which may force us to delay, curtail or eliminate commercialization efforts of our CompuFlo Epidural Computer Controlled Anesthesia System. 
 
 Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net cash flow used in operations was approximately 6.0 million and approximately 4.0 million, respectively. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on commercialization and marketing activities, including the continued commercialization and marketing of our FDA-approved CompuFlo Epidural Computer Controlled Anesthesia System. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue and achieve positive cash flow, we expect to seek to finance future cash needs through equity financings or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements and may seek the sale of non-medical assets. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, may adversely impact the price of our common stock. 
 
 Almost all our 69,306,497 outstanding shares of common stock on December 31, 2022, as well as a substantial number of shares of our common stock underlying outstanding warrants, are available for sale in the public market, either freely or pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, may adversely impact the price of our common stock. 

In February 2019, we issued 6,282,400 shares and 1,570,600 warrants to purchase common shares under our S-3 registration statement. During 2019 the Company issued 639,375 shares associated the warrants issued in February 2019. Since the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company issued 675,000 shares of common stock for warrants exercised at 0.50 for proceeds of 337,500. 

In February 2019, in a private placement we issued 714,286 restricted common shares and 178,571 warrants to purchase common stock. 

In April 2020, we completed a Common Stock offering generating gross proceeds of approximately 5.1 million (5,420,000 common shares and 2,710,000 warrants). The combined price of the shares and warrants was 0.95 per share. The warrants are exercisable at a price of 1.20 per share and have an expiration of three (3) years from the issue date. 

11

In June 2020, we completed a second Common Stock offering generating gross proceeds of approximately 14.6 million (6,770,000 common shares and 3,749,000 warrants). The combined price of the shares and warrants was 2.15 per share. The warrants are exercisable at 2.60 and expire three (3) years from the issue date. 

Raising additional capital by issuing securities or through licensing or lending arrangements may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations, or require us to relinquish proprietary rights. 
 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, the share ownership of existing stockholders will be diluted. Any future debt financing may involve covenants that restrict our operations, including limitations on our ability to incur liens or additional debt, pay dividends, redeem our stock, make certain investments, and engage in certain merger, consolidation, or asset sale transactions, among other restrictions. In addition, if we raise additional funds through licensing arrangements or the disposition of any of our assets, it may be necessary to relinquish potentially valuable rights to our product candidates or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 
 
 Recent developments in financial institutions could adversely affect our current and projected business operations, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Recent events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance and other adverse developments that affect financial institutions have led to market-wide liquidity concerns. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, as receiver. On March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were also placed into receivership. Future increases of the borrowing rate by the Federal Reserve Board, to slow inflation or for other reasons, may expose other financial institutions to greater interest rate risk and exacerbate liquidity and other adverse developments affecting such institutions. 
 
 The Company currently keeps more than 250,000, the maximum amount insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), in its current bank depositary. The Company may experience delayed access or a loss of its uninsured deposits or other financial assets should its existing financial institution experience financial distress. While the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have provided access to uninsured funds in connection with the Silicon Valley Bank crisis, there is no guarantee that these institutions will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure of other banks or financial institutions, or that they would do so in a timely fashion. The Company is currently evaluating its banking relationships with the intent of increasing the amount of deposits that are fully insured or invested in risk free instruments. 
 
 The results of events or concerns that involve non-performance by financial institutions could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any further deterioration in the macroeconomic economy or financial services industry, or delayed access or loss of uninsured deposits or loss of the ability to draw on existing credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution by our customers or vendors, could lead to losses or defaults by companies with whom we do business, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, other companies could be adversely affected by any of the liquidity or other risks that are described above as factors that could result in material adverse impacts on us, including but not limited to delayed access or loss of uninsured deposits or loss of the ability to draw on existing credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution. 
 
 Risks Related to Sales and Distribution of Milestone Scientific Products 
 
 Changes in our distribution arrangements exposes us to risks of interruption of marketing efforts and building new marketing channels. 
 
 Effective December 31, 2022, the Company's termination of its U.S. distribution agreement with Henry Schein became effective. The goal of changing our marketing plan from a sole exclusive distributor in the United States and Canada, to a large number of non-exclusive distributors and an e-commerce platform, may not be seamless or uninterrupted . 
 
 Returns under our Distribution and Supply Agreement with Henry Schein, Inc. could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Under our Distribution and Supply Agreement with Henry Schein, Henry Schein has a right to return our products for full credit against the purchase price paid by them in accordance with such agreement, including but not limited to, returns due to shipment error by us or factory defect. On December 31, 2022, such non-exclusive distribution arrangement terminated, subject to certain post-termination rights and obligations of the parties, all in accordance with such agreement. 
 
 Milestone Scientific s International Operations Subject it to Certain Business Risks. 
 
 A substantial amount of Milestone Scientific s sales come from its operations outside the United States and we intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities outside of the United States. Milestone Scientific s international operations subject it to certain risks relating to, among other things, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange, local economic and political conditions, competition from local companies, increases in trade protectionism, United States relations with the governments of the foreign countries in which Milestone Scientific operates, foreign regulatory requirements or changes in such requirements, changes in local healthcare payment systems and healthcare delivery systems, local product preferences and requirements, longer payment terms for account receivables than we experience in the United States, difficulty in establishing and managing foreign operations, weakening or loss of the protection of intellectual property rights in some countries and import or export licensing requirements. 

12

We are exposed to the risks inherent in international sales. 
 
 In 2022, export sales outside of the United States made up approximately 63 of our total sales, and we sell our products to customers in approximately 30 countries and U.S. territories. We have exposure to risks of operating in many foreign countries, including: 

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, could increase the end user cost for instruments; 

restrictions on, or difficulties and costs associated with, the currency exchange from foreign countries to obtain U.S. dollars; 

difficulties and costs associated with complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties, and regulations; 

unexpected changes in political or regulatory environments; 

political and economic instability; 

import and export restrictions and other trade barriers; and 

difficulties in obtaining approval for significant transactions. 

If physicians do not accept nor use our CompuFlo Epidural System, our ability to generate revenue from sales will be materially impaired. 
 
 Although the FDA has cleared our application to begin marketing the CompuFlo Epidural System, this is no assurance that physicians, hospitals, clinics, and other health care providers will accept and use it. Acceptance and use of the CompuFlo Epidural System will depend on many factors including: 

perceptions by members of the health care community, including physicians, about the safety and effectiveness of our product; 

cost-effectiveness of our product relative to competing products and systems; 

convenience, ease of use and reliability of our product relative to competing products and systems; 

patient satisfaction; 

product availability as well as, manufacturer warranty, maintenance, and customer and technical support; 

availability of reimbursement for our product from government or other healthcare payers; and 

effectiveness of marketing and distribution efforts by us and our licensees and distributors. 

Because we expect sales of the CompuFlo Epidural Computer Controlled Anesthesia System to generate substantially all our medical product revenues in the near-term, the failure of this product to find market acceptance would harm our business and could require us to seek additional financing or make such financing difficult to obtain on favorable terms, if at all. 
 
 Milestone Scientific s sales and marketing efforts rely upon independent distributors that are free to market products that compete with Milestone Scientific s products, and if Milestone Scientific is unable to maintain or expand its network of independent distributors, its business could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Milestone Scientific believes that a significant portion of its sales will continue to be to independent distributors for the foreseeable future, and it is possible that the percentage of its sales to independent distributors could increase. None of Milestone Scientific s independent distributors in the United States have been required to sell Milestone Scientific products exclusively, and each of them may freely sell the products of Milestone Scientific s competitors. If Milestone Scientific is unable to maintain or expand its network of independent distributors, its sales may be negatively affected. If any of its key independent distributors were to cease to distribute Milestone Scientific s products or reduce their promotion of such products as compared to the products of Milestone Scientific s competitors, Milestone Scientific may need to seek alternative independent distributors or increase its reliance on other independent distributors which alternative arrangements may not be sufficient to prevent a material reduction in sales of its products. 
 
 Developments by competitors may render our products or technologies obsolete or non-competitive. 
 
 The medical device industry is intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. We expect that other companies (or individuals), whether located in the United States or abroad, will pursue the development of alternative injection-based or imaging-based systems that will compete with our products. Many of these potential competitors have substantially greater capital resources, larger research and development staffs and facilities, longer product development history in obtaining regulatory approvals and greater manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do. These companies also compete with us to attract qualified personnel and parties for acquisitions, joint ventures, or other collaborations. As a result, we may not be able to compete effectively against these companies or their products. 

13

Our ability to commercialize our products will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement will be available from governmental agencies, health administration authorities, private health maintenance organizations and health insurers and other healthcare payers. 
 
 Our ability to generate revenues from our products will be diminished if the products sell for inadequate prices or hospitals or physicians are unable to obtain adequate levels of reimbursement for the cost they incur in connection with the use of the product. Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved healthcare products. Healthcare payers, including Medicare, are challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. Government and other healthcare payers increasingly attempt to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for products. Insurance coverage may not be available, or reimbursement levels may be inadequate, to cover the charges for the use of such product. If government and other healthcare payers do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement for any of our products, market acceptance of such product could be reduced. 
 
 Prices in many countries, including many in Europe, are subject to local regulation and price controls. In the United States, where pricing levels for medical products, procedures and services are substantially established by third-party payors, including Medicare, if payors reduce the amount of reimbursement for a product, it may cause groups or individuals dispensing the product to discontinue use of the product, to substitute lower cost products even if the alternatives are less effective or to seek additional price-related concessions. These actions could have a negative effect on our financial results. The existence of direct and indirect price controls and pressures on our products could materially adversely affect our financial prospects and performance. 
 
 We could lose our market advantage earlier than expected. 
 
 We believe that our products represent a significant improvement over any existing drug delivery injection system in use today. However, this competitive advantage can evaporate quickly if we are not able to commercialize our products quickly. In the medical device industry, the majority of an innovative product s commercial value is realized during the early stages of commercialization, before competing products are developed. Our market advantage is based, in part, on patent rights and the need for new competing products and systems to obtain regulatory approval before they can be commercialized. The scope of our patent rights may be limited and may also depend on the availability of meaningful legal remedies. 
 
 Our failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, through patents or otherwise, or limitations on the use or loss of such rights, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent the commercialization of competing anesthetic delivery systems. In some countries, basic patent protections for our products may not exist because certain countries did not historically offer the right to obtain specific types of patents and/or we (or our licensors) did not file in those markets. In addition, the patent environment can be unpredictable, and the validity and enforceability of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 
 Risks Related to the Covid-19 Pandemic 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has and may continue to adversely affect the Company s business. Additional factors could exacerbate such negative consequences and/or cause other materially adverse effects. 
 
 Certain COVID-19 pandemic-related impacts were experienced by our businesses during 2022 and may continue for an indeterminable period. These included supply chain delays for some of our products which are manufactured in China and supply shortages in key components in our dental products. Future resurgences in COVID-19 infections or other new viral outbreaks may affect the prioritization of non-acute versus acute healthcare utilization, which may temporarily weaken future demand for certain of our products and increase the demand for other of our products. Also, adverse macroeconomic conditions may worsen if governments impose future restrictions, such as lockdowns or quarantine requirements, in order to control infection rates associated with COVID-19 or other viruses. 
 
 Additionally, the pandemic escalated challenges that existed for global healthcare systems prior to the pandemic, including budget constraints and staffing shortages, particularly shortages of nursing staff. Changes in the ways healthcare services are delivered, including the transition of more care from acute to non-acute settings and increased focus on chronic disease management, may place additional financial pressure on hospitals and the broader healthcare system. Healthcare institutions may take actions to mitigate any persistent pressures on their budgets and such actions could impact the future demand for our products. 
 
 We are experiencing supply delays and shortages due to the disruptions the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic is having on the global supply chain, especially with respect to goods from China . 
 
 We are experiencing supply delays and shortages due to the disruptions the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic is having on the global supply chain, especially with respect to goods from China. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant disruption to the operations of certain suppliers in China and the related transportation of their goods to the United States that are parts of our global supply chain. We have been able to make alternative delivery arrangements for limited quantities of goods, at an increased cost. While we have not yet experienced material shortages in supply as a result of these disruptions and our alternative delivery arrangements, if they were to be prolonged or expanded in scope, there could be resulting supply shortages which could impact our ability to have manufactured and delivered our products to the United States and, ultimately to our customers. Accordingly, such supply shortages and delivery limitations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

14

Risks Related to Employee Matters 
 
 We may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees. 
 
 Our future success depends upon the continued service of our executive officer and other key management and technical personnel, and on our ability to continue to identify, attract, retain, and motivate them. Implementing our business strategy requires specialized territory managers and other talent, as our revenues are highly dependent on technological and product innovations. The market for employees in our industry is extremely competitive, a number of such competitors are significantly larger than us and are able to offer compensation in excess of what we are able to offer. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, our business may be harmed. 
 
 Risk Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 
 Relying exclusively on third parties to manufacture our products, changes in our informal manufacturing arrangements made by the manufacturer of our products and disruptions at the manufacturing facility of our manufacturers and failure to maintain existing supply relationships exposes us to risks that may harm our business. 
 
 We have limited internal experience in manufacturing operations and have not historically established our own manufacturing facilities. We currently lack the internal resources to manufacture any of our products, including our CompuFlo Epidural Computer Controlled Anesthesia System. 
 
 Milestone Scientific has been supplied by the manufacturer of the Wand/STA System and its predecessor, the CompuDent System, since the commencement of production in 1998, and by the manufacturer of its handpieces since 2003. The manufacturer of our handpieces is in the People s Republic of China and the manufacturer of the Wand/STA System is in the United States. At present, we have an informal arrangement with the manufacturers of our products. Our current arrangement with our manufacturers is on a purchase order-by-purchase order basis. As a result, we do not have price protection or a supply commitment for our devices or handpieces. If either manufacturer insists on a material change in terms or determines to discontinue manufacture of our products, it could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 An operational disruption in the facility of the manufacturer of, or their ability to ship, our handpieces or devices could negatively impact our financial results. The occurrence of a natural disaster, such as a hurricane, tropical storm, earthquake, tornado, severe weather, flood, fire, or epidemic, pandemic, or other health emergency, or other unanticipated problems such as labor difficulties, equipment failure or unscheduled maintenance, in each case could cause operational disruptions of varied duration. 
 
 These types of disruptions could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations to varying degrees dependent upon the facility, the duration of the disruption, our ability to shift business to another facility or find alternative sources of supply. Any losses due to these events may not be covered by our existing insurance policies or may be subject to certain deductibles. Given our current manufacturing relationships, it is possible that our manufacturing requirements may exceed the available supply allotments under our existing agreements. Our anticipated future reliance on third-party manufacturers exposes us to the following additional risks: 

We may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential manufacturers is limited, and the FDA must approve any replacement contractor. This approval would require new testing and compliance inspections. In addition, a new manufacturer would have to develop substantially equivalent processes for production of our products. 

Contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to successfully produce, store, and distribute our products. 

Contract manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with current good manufacturing practice and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers' compliance with these regulations and standards and our manufacturers may be found to be in noncompliance with certain regulations, which may impact their ability to manufacture our products. 

If any third-party manufacturer makes improvements in the manufacturing process for our products, we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to the innovation. We may be required to pay fees or other costs for access to such improvements. 

Though other alternate sources of supply for dental handpieces exist, Milestone Scientific would need to establish relationships with new suppliers, and with respect to the Wand/STA System recover its existing tools or have new tools produced and burned in and other manufacturing and quality control software re-produced. Establishing new manufacturing relationships could involve significant expense and delay. 
 
 Each of these risks could delay the commercialization of our CompuFlo Epidural Computer Controlled Anesthesia System, limit our available supply of The Wand/ STA for dental applications, cause damage to our reputation, result in higher costs and/or deprive us of potential product revenues. Any curtailment or interruptions of the supply, whether as a result of termination of the relationship or otherwise, would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, and results of operations. 
 
 Our business is exposed to risks associated with the economic, environmental, and political conditions in China because the sole manufacturer of our handpieces is located in China. 
 
 Because the sole manufacturer of our dental handpieces is located in China, our business is disproportionately exposed to the economic, environmental, and political conditions of the region. China s political and economic systems are very different from most developed countries in many respects, including, the amount of government involvement, the level of development, the control of foreign exchange and the allocation of resources. Uncertainties may arise with changing governmental policies and measures. China also faces many social, economic, and political challenges that may produce instabilities in both its domestic arena and in its relationship with other countries. 

15

These instabilities may significantly and adversely affect our supply of dental handpieces which would in turn adversely affect our financial performance. In addition, as the Chinese legal system develops, there can be no assurance that changes in laws and regulations and their interpretation or their enforcement will not have a material adverse effect on our business relationship with the sole manufacturer of our dental handpieces. Any adverse change in the economic, environmental, and political conditions in China could have a material adverse effect on economic growth and the level of investments and availability of capital in China, which in turn could lead to a reduction in the supply of our dental handpieces and consequently have a material adverse effect on our businesses. 
 
 Issues with product quality could have a material adverse effect upon our business, subject us to regulatory actions and cause a loss of customer confidence in us or our products. 
 
 In general, our success depends upon the quality of our products. Quality management plays an essential role in meeting customer requirements, preventing defects, improving our products and services, and assuring the safety and efficacy of our products. Our future success depends on our ability to maintain and continuously improve our quality management program. A quality or safety issue may result in adverse inspection reports, warning letters, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution of products, civil or criminal sanctions, costly litigation, refusal of a government to grant approvals and licenses, restrictions on operations or withdrawal of existing approvals and licenses. An inability to address a quality or safety issue in an effective and timely manner may also cause negative publicity, a loss of customer confidence in us or our current or future products, which may result in the loss of sales and difficulty in successfully launching new products. See Item 1; Government Regulation. 
 
 Use of third parties to manufacture our products may increase the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our products or such quantities at acceptable levels of cost and quality, which could impair our commercialization efforts. 
 Milestone Scientific relies on a number of third parties to supply and manufacture the components and raw materials for its products and its does not have long-term supply agreements with suppliers of these component parts and raw materials, and its arrangements with these suppliers are on a purchase-order basis. These products we obtain from suppliers are subject to fluctuations in price and availability attributable to a number of factors, including general economic conditions, commodity price fluctuations, the demand by other companies for the same raw materials and the availability of complementary and substitute materials. 
 
 While Milestone Scientific works with suppliers to ensure continuity of supply, no assurance can be given that these efforts will be successful. In the event that any of its existing supply arrangements are terminated or there is a reduction or interruption of supply under these existing arrangements, Milestone Scientific expects that it will be able to enter into new arrangements with alternative suppliers, but these new arrangements may be on terms that are less favorable, including with respect to price and volume, and it may be costly or cause delays in our manufacturing process to transition to a new supplier, particularly in cases in which we must comply with regulatory requirements relating to qualification of new suppliers. The termination, reduction or interruption in supply of these raw materials and components could adversely impact Milestone Scientific Scientific s ability to manufacture and sell certain of its products. 
 
 Third-party suppliers may encounter problems during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, failure to comply with applicable regulations, equipment malfunction, component part supply constraints, and environmental factors, any of which could delay or impede their ability to supply the components and raw materials for Milestone Scientific s products. Any such failure to perform or a reduction or interruption in supply could have a material adverse effect on Milestone Scientific s business and operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance and Other Legal Matters 
 
 We are subject to substantial domestic and international government regulation, including regulatory quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes. Failure by us to comply with these standards could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 The FDA regulates the approval, manufacturing and sales and marketing of many of our products in the United States. Significant government regulation also exists in other countries in which we conduct business. As a device manufacturer, we are required to register with the FDA and are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with the FDA s Quality System Regulation requirements, which require manufacturers of medical devices to adhere to certain regulations, including testing, quality control and documentation procedures. In addition, the federal Medical Device Reporting regulations require us to provide information to the FDA whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that a device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or, if a malfunction were to occur, could cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is rigorously monitored through periodic inspections by the FDA. 
 
 In the European community, we are required to maintain certain ISO certifications to sell our products and must undergo periodic inspections by notified bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. Failure to comply with current governmental regulations and quality assurance guidelines could lead to temporary manufacturing shutdowns, product recalls or related field actions, product shortages or delays in product manufacturing. Efficacy or safety concerns, an increase in trends of adverse events in the marketplace, and/or manufacturing quality issues with respect to our products could lead to product recalls or related field actions, withdrawals, and/or declining sales. 

16

We may be subject, directly, or indirectly, to U.S. federal and state health care fraud and abuse and false claims laws and regulations. Prosecutions under such laws have increased in recent years and we may become subject to such litigation. If we are unable to comply or have not fully complied with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 
 Our operations are and will continue to be directly, or indirectly through our distributors, customers, and health care professionals, subject to various U.S. federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, federal False Claims Act, and the Foreign Corrupt Practice Act of 1977 FCPA ). These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed sales, and marketing and education programs. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving, or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing or arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal health care program such as Medicare or Medicaid. Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal health care covered business, the statute has been violated. The Anti-Kickback Statute is broad and, despite a series of narrow safe harbors, prohibits many arrangements and practices that are lawful in businesses outside of the health care industry. Penalties for violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute include criminal penalties and civil and administrative sanctions such as fines, imprisonment, and possible exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal health care programs. An alleged violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute may be used as a predicate offense to establish liability pursuant to other federal laws and regulations such as the federal False Claims Act. Many states have also adopted laws like the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, some of which apply to the referral of patients for health care items or services reimbursed by any source, not only the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 
 
 The federal False Claims Act prohibits persons from knowingly filing, or causing to be filed, a false claim to, or the knowing use of false statements to obtain payment from, the federal government. Suits filed under the False Claims Act, known as qui tam actions, can be brought by any individual on behalf of the government and such individuals, commonly known as relators or whistleblowers, may share in any amounts paid by the entity to the government in fines or settlement. The frequency of filing qui tam actions has increased significantly in recent years, causing greater numbers of medical device, pharmaceutical and health care companies to have to defend False Claim Act actions. The Affordable Care Act includes provisions expanding the ability of certain relators to bring actions that would have been previously dismissed under prior law. When an entity is determined to have violated the federal False Claims Act, it may be required to pay up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus civil penalties for each separate false claim. The Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 encouraged states to enact or modify their state false claims act to be at least as effective as the federal False Claims Act by granting states a portion of any federal Medicaid funds recovered through Medicaid-related actions. Most states have enacted state false claims laws, and many of those states included laws with qui tam provisions. 
 
 The Affordable Care Act includes provisions known as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act (section 6002), which require manufacturers of drugs, biologics, devices, and medical supplies covered under Medicare and Medicaid to disclose to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services any transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals. 
 
 Manufacturers must also disclose investment interests held by physicians and their family members. Failure to submit the required information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to 1 million per year for knowing violations and may result in liability under other federal laws or regulations. Similar reporting requirements have also been enacted on the state level in the United States, and an increasing number of countries worldwide either have adopted or are considering similar laws requiring transparency of interactions with health care professionals. In addition, some states, such as Massachusetts and Vermont, impose an outright ban on certain gifts to physicians. These laws could affect our promotional activities by limiting the kinds of interactions we could have with hospitals, physicians or other potential purchasers or users of our products. Both the disclosure laws and gift bans will impose administrative, cost and compliance burdens on us. If we are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above and other applicable state and federal fraud and abuse laws, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, or an administrative action of suspension or exclusion from government health care reimbursement programs and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations 
 
 In addition, we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and other countries anti-corruption/anti-bribery regimes, such as the U.K. Bribery Act. The FCPA prohibits improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for obtaining or retaining business. Safeguards we implement to discourage improper payments or offers of payments by our employees, consultants, sales agents, or distributors may be ineffective, and violations of the FCPA and similar laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, or other liabilities or proceedings against us, any of which would likely harm our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Safeguards we implement to discourage improper payments or offers of payments by our employees, consultants, sales agents, or distributors may be ineffective, and violations of the FCPA and similar laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, or other liabilities or proceedings against us, any of which would likely harm our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Changes in United States policy regarding international trade, including import and export regulation and international trade agreements, could also negatively impact Milestone Scientific s business. The United States has imposed tariffs and export controls on certain goods and products imported from China and certain other countries, which has resulted in retaliatory tariffs by China and other countries. Additional tariffs imposed by the United States on a broader range of imports, or further retaliatory trade measures taken by China or other countries in response, could result in an increase in supply chain costs that Milestone Scientific may not be able to offset or that otherwise adversely impact its results of operations. In addition, political tensions between the United States and China have escalated in recent years. Rising political tensions could reduce trade, investment and other economic activities between the two major economies. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on Milestone Scientific s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

17

Certain modifications to Milestone Scientific s products may require new 510(k) clearances or other marketing authorizations and may require Milestone Scientific to recall or cease marketing its products. 
 
 Once a medical device is permitted to be legally marketed in the United States pursuant to a 510(k) clearance, a manufacturer may be required to notify the FDA of certain modifications to the device. 
 
 Manufacturers determine in the first instance whether a change to a product requires a new 510(k) clearance or premarket submission, but the FDA may review any manufacturer s decision. The FDA may not agree with Milestone Scientific s decisions regarding whether new clearances are necessary. Milestone Scientific has made modifications to its products in the past and has determined based on its review of the applicable FDA regulations and guidance that in certain instances new 510(k) clearances or other premarket submissions were not required. Milestone Scientific may make similar modifications or add additional features in the future that it believes does not require a new 510(k) clearance. If the FDA disagrees with Milestone Scientific s determinations and requires it to submit new 510(k) notifications, Milestone Scientific may be required to cease marketing or to recall the modified product until it obtains clearance, and it may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. 
 
 Milestone Scientific may be subject to enforcement actions if it engages in improper marketing or promotion of its products. 
 
 Milestone Scientific s promotional materials and training methods must comply with applicable laws, regulations and regulatory authority s rules and guidelines, including the FDA and the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ). If the FDA, the FTC or another regulatory agency determines that Milestone Scientific s promotional or training material constitutes off-label, false or misleading, unfair or deceptive promotion of its products, it could request that Milestone Scientific modify its training or promotional materials or subject Milestone Scientific to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance of an untitled letter, a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine or criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they consider Milestone Scientific s promotional or training materials to constitute off-label, false or misleading, unfair or deceptive promotion of its products, which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement, and reputational harm. 
 
 Changes in laws and regulations over which we have no control can significantly affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Any governmental entity that regulates our operations in the country in which they are located may enact new legislation or adopt new laws and regulations or policies at any time, and new judicial decisions may change the interpretation of existing legislation or regulations at any time in any of the countries in which our operations or projects are located. We have no control over any such changes. Any new laws or regulations governing our operations could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to Milestone Scientific Common Stock 
 
 Milestone Scientific is effectively controlled by a limited number of stockholders. 
 
 Milestone Scientific Scientific s principal stockholders, Leonard Osser and Gian Domenico Trombetta control approximately 25 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, they can exercise substantial control over our affairs and corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including electing directors, selling all or substantially all our assets, merging with another entity, or amending our certificate of incorporation. This control could delay, deter, or prevent a change in control and could adversely affect the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for Milestone Scientific s securities. In addition, because of the concentration of ownership of our shares of common stock, our stockholders may from time to time, observe instances where there may be less liquidity in the public markets for our securities. 
 
 Failure to implement effective internal controls required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could result in material misstatements in our financial statements, cause investors to lose confidence in the Company s reported financial information and have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires management of public companies to develop and implement internal controls over financial reporting and evaluate the effectiveness thereof. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual and interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Any failure to complete the Company s assessment of its internal controls over financial reporting or to remediate any material weaknesses that management may identify could harm the Company s operating results, cause the Company to fail to meet its reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in the Company s financial statements. Inadequate disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in the Company s public disclosures and reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

18

The market price of our common stock may be volatile and may fluctuate significantly, and stockholders could lose all or part of their investment in Milestone Scientific 
 
 Our stock price may experience substantial volatility because of many factors, including: 

our failure to meet analysts expectations; 

sales or potential sales of substantial amounts of our common stock; 

delay or failure in initiating our strategy to commercialize our CompuFlo Epidural System; 

the success of our strategy to commercialize our CompuFlo Epidural System; 

announcements about us or about our competitors, including clinical trial results, regulatory approvals or new product introductions that could adversely impact the market acceptance or competitive advantages of our CompuFlo Epidural System; 

developments concerning our licensors or product manufacturers; 

litigation and other developments relating to our patents or other proprietary rights or those of our competitors; 

our ability to successfully develop and commercialize products and services for the healthcare industry; 

conditions in the medical device industry; 

governmental regulation and legislation; 

variations in our anticipated or actual operating results; and 

change in securities analysts estimates of our performance, or our failure to meet analysts expectations. 

Many of these factors are beyond our control. The stock markets in general, and the market for small, medical device companies, in particular, have historically experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. These broad market and industry factors could reduce the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 
 
 We have never paid and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gain. 
 
 We have never paid cash dividends on any of our capital stock, and we currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. In addition, the terms of existing and future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation, our by-laws and Delaware law might discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Provisions of our certificate of incorporation, our by-laws and Delaware law may have the effect of deterring unsolicited takeovers or delaying or preventing a change in control of our company or changes in our management, including transactions in which our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. In addition, these provisions may limit the ability of stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. These provisions include: 

the inability of stockholders to call special meetings; 

the ability of our Board of Directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could include the right to approve an acquisition or other change in our control or could be used to institute a rights plan, also known as a poison pill, that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, likely preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our Board of Directors; and 

limitations on filling of vacancies. 

All of which could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discourage a third party from seeking to acquire, control of our company. 
 
 In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally a person which together with its affiliates owns, or within the last three years, has owned 15 of our voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. The existence of the forgoing provisions and anti-takeover measures could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of our Company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium for your common stock in an acquisition. 
 
 If we fail to adhere to the strict listing requirements of NYSE American, we may be subject to delisting. As a result, our stock price may decline, and our common stock may be de-listed. If our stock were no longer listed on NYSE American, the liquidity of our securities likely would be impaired. 
 
 Our common stock currently trades on the NYSE American under the symbol MLSS . If we fail to adhere to NYSE American's strict listing criteria, including with respect to stock price, our market capitalization and stockholders equity, our stock may be de-listed. This could potentially impair the liquidity of our securities not only in the number of shares that could be bought and sold at a given price, which may be depressed by the relative illiquidity, but also through delays in the timing of transactions and the potential reduction in media coverage. As a result, an investor might find it more difficult to dispose of our common stock. Any failure at any time to meet the continuing NYSE American listing requirements could have an adverse impact on the value of and trading activity in our common stock. 

19

Your percentage of ownership in Milestone Scientific may be diluted in the future 
 
 In the future, your percentage ownership in Milestone Scientific may be diluted because of equity issuances for acquisitions, capital market transactions or otherwise, including any equity awards that Milestone Scientific will grant to its directors, officers, employees and consultants. Such awards will have a dilutive effect on outstanding share count which could adversely affect the market price of Milestone Scientific s common stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 
 If we are unable to adequately protect our patents, trade secrets and other proprietary rights, if our patents are challenged or if our provisional patent applications do not get approved, our competitiveness and business prospects may be materially damaged. 
 
 Intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, confidential information, trademarks, trade names and trade address, are important to our business. We will endeavor to protect our intellectual property rights in key jurisdictions in which our products are produced or used and in jurisdictions into which our products are imported. Our success will depend to a significant degree upon our ability to protect and preserve our intellectual property rights. However, we may be unable to obtain or maintain protection for our intellectual property in key jurisdictions. 
 
 Although we own and have applied for patents and trademarks throughout the world, we may have to rely on judicial enforcement of our patents and other proprietary rights. Our patents and other intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, and rendered unenforceable or otherwise compromised. A failure to protect, defend or enforce our intellectual property could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, third parties may assert claims against us and our customers and distributors alleging our products infringe upon third party intellectual property rights. 
 
 We believe that the intellectual property underlying our products is a competitive advantage. We rely on a combination of patent rights, trade secrets and nondisclosure and non-competition agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property, and we will continue to do so. There can be no assurance that our patents, trade secret policies and practices or other agreements will adequately protect our intellectual property. Our issued patents may be challenged, found to be over-broad or otherwise invalidated in subsequent proceedings before courts or the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Even if enforceable, we cannot provide any assurances that they will provide significant protection from competition. The processes, systems, and/or security measures we use to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies resulting from such breaches. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. There can be no assurance that the confidentiality, nondisclosure and non-competition agreements with employees, consultants and other parties with access to our proprietary information to protect our trade secrets, proprietary technology, processes and other proprietary rights, or any other security measures relating to such trade secrets, proprietary technology, processes and proprietary rights, will be adequate, will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary knowledge. To the extent that our consultants, contractors, or collaborators use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. 
 
 If we must take legal action to protect, defend or enforce our intellectual property rights, any suits or proceedings could result in significant costs and diversion of our resources and our management s attention, and we may not prevail in any such suits or proceedings. A failure to protect, defend or enforce our intellectual property rights could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Third parties could obtain patents that may require us to negotiate licenses to commercialize our technologies, and we cannot assure you that the required licenses would be available on reasonable terms or at all. 
 
 Third parties may claim that one or more aspects of our technologies or products may infringe on their intellectual property rights. 
 
 Our computer-controlled anesthesia systems are complex systems and numerous U.S. and foreign patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist in fields that relate to the development and commercialization of drug delivery systems. In addition, many companies have employed intellectual property litigation as a strategy to gain a competitive advantage. It is possible that infringement claims may occur as the number of products and competitors in our market increases. In addition, to the extent that we gain greater visibility and market exposure as a public company, we face a greater risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims. We cannot be certain that the conduct of our business does not and will not infringe intellectual property or other proprietary rights of others in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions. If any of our computer-controlled anesthesia systems are found to infringe third party patent rights, we could be prohibited from manufacturing and commercializing the infringing technology unless we obtain a license under the applicable third-party patent and pay royalties or are able to design around such patent. 
 
 We may be unable to obtain a license on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and we may not be able to redesign the system to avoid infringement. Even if we can redesign our products or processes to avoid an infringement claim, our efforts to design around the patent could require significant time, effort and expense and ultimately may lead to an inferior or costlier product. Any claim of infringement by a third party, even those without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim and could distract our management from our business. 
 
 Furthermore, if any such claim is successful, a court could order us to pay substantial damages, including compensatory damages for any infringement, plus prejudgment interest and could, in certain circumstances, treble the compensatory damages and award attorney fees. These damages could be substantial and could harm our reputation, business, financial condition, and operating results. A court also could enter orders that temporarily, preliminary, or permanently prohibit us, our licensees, if any, and our customers from making, using, selling, offering to sell, or importing one or more of our products or using our proprietary technologies or processes, or could enter an order mandating that we undertake certain remedial activities. 

20

Any of these events could seriously harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 General Business Risks 
 
 Continued instability in the credit and financial markets may negatively impact our ability to commercialize our products. 
 
 Financial markets in the United States, Canada, Europe, and Asia continue to experience disruption, including, among other things, significant volatility in security prices, declining valuations of certain investments, as well as severely diminished liquidity and credit availability. Business activity across a wide range of industries and regions continues to be reduced. As a small medical device company, we rely on third parties for several important aspects of our business, including contract manufacturing of products, distribution of our products and sales and marketing. These third parties may be unable to satisfy their commitments to us due to tightening of global credit from time to time, which would adversely affect our business. The continued volatility in the credit and financial market conditions may also negatively impact our ability to access capital and credit markets and our ability to manage our cash balance. While we are unable to predict the continued duration and severity of any adverse conditions in the United States and other countries, any of the circumstances mentioned above could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow or cash position. 
 
 Our business and operations would suffer in the event of cybersecurity or other system failures. 
 
 Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems, and those of any third parties with which we partner are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. While we have not experienced any cybersecurity or system failure, accident or breach to date, if an event were to occur, it could result in a material disruption of our operations, substantial costs to rectify or correct the failure, if possible, and potentially violation of HIPAA and other privacy laws applicable to our operations. If any disruption or security breach resulted in a loss of or damage to our data or applications or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or protected information, we could incur liability, further development of our products could be delayed, and our operations could be disrupted, any of which could severely harm our business and financial condition. Issues with product quality could have a material adverse effect upon our business, subject us to regulatory actions and cause a loss of customer confidence in us or our products. 
 
 In general, our success depends upon the quality of our products. Quality management plays an essential role in meeting customer requirements, preventing defects, improving our products and services, and assuring the safety and efficacy of our products. Our future success depends on our ability to maintain and continuously improve our quality management program. A quality or safety issue may result in adverse inspection reports, warning letters, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution of products, civil or criminal sanctions, costly litigation, refusal of a government to grant approvals and licenses, restrictions on operations or withdrawal of existing approvals and licenses. An inability to address a quality or safety issue in an effective and timely manner may also cause negative publicity, a loss of customer confidence in us or our current or future products, which may result in the loss of sales and difficulty in successfully launching new products. 
 
 Insurance coverage may be inadequate or unavailable to cover any product liability losses we incur. 
 
 Our business exposes us to potential product liability claims that are inherent in the design, manufacture, testing, inspection, and sale of dental and medical devices. We are subject to product liability lawsuits alleging that component failures, manufacturing flaws, manufacturing defects, negligence in manufacturing, design defects, negligence in design, or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks, warnings, or product-related information resulted in an unsafe condition, injury, or death to customers. The risk of one or more product liability claims or lawsuits may be even greater after we launch new products with new features or enter new markets where we have no prior experience selling our products and rely on newly-hired staff or new independent distributors or contractors to provide new customer training and customer support. In addition, the misuse of our products or the failure of customers to adhere to operating guidelines could cause significant harm to customers, including death, which could result in product liability claims. Product liability lawsuits and claims, safety alerts or product recalls, with or without merit, regardless of any available insurance coverage, could cause us to incur substantial costs, and could place a significant strain on our financial resources, divert the attention of management from our core business, harm our reputation and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

21

Item 2. Description of Property 
 
 The headquarters for Milestone Scientific is located at 425 Eagle Rock Avenue, Roseland, New Jersey 07068, and our telephone number is (973) 535-2717. In August 2019, the Company signed a seven year lease for a facility in Roseland, New Jersey (the Roseland Facility ). The Roseland Facility carries monthly lease payments of 9,275, commencing April 1, 2021. The Company is also responsible for electric charges equal to 2.00 per square foot, which is equal to 11,130 annually, payable in equal monthly installments of 928. The Company will also be required to pay its proportionate share of certain operating costs and property taxes applicable to the leased premises in excess of new base year amounts. A third-party distribution and logistics center in Pennsylvania handles shipping and order fulfillment on a month-to-month basis. 
 
 Milestone Scientific does not own or intend to invest in any real property. Milestone Scientific currently has no policy with respect to investments or interests in real estate, real estate mortgages or securities of, or interests in, persons primarily engaged in real estate activities. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Milestone Scientific is not involved in any material litigation. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 

22

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Common Equity, and Related Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 On June 1, 2015, our common stock was listed on the NYSE American under the symbol MLSS . The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices of Milestone s common stock for the periods presented. 

2022 
 
 High 

Low 
 
 2021 
 
 High 

Low 

First Quarter 

2.20 

1.13 
 
 First Quarter 

4.85 

2.11 

Second Quarter 

1.60 

0.75 
 
 Second Quarter 

3.83 

1.88 

Third Quarter 

1.27 

0.71 
 
 Third Quarter 

2.51 

1.47 

Fourth Quarter 

0.87 

0.45 
 
 Fourth Quarter 

3.00 

1.79 

Holders 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had approximat ely 99 stockholders of record of our common stock. We believe that we have approxima tely 3,911 beneficial owners of our common stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The holders of common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by Milestone Scientific s Board of Directors. Milestone Scientific has not paid and does not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data 
 
 Milestone Scientific is a smaller reporting company as defined by Regulations S-K and as such, is not required to provide the information contained in this item pursuant to Regulation S-K. 

23

ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussions of the financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this annual report. Certain statements in this discussion and elsewhere in this report constitute forward-looking statements, within the meaning of section 21E of the Exchange Act, that involve risks and uncertainties. The actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. See "Risk Factors" elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 Milestone Scientific is a biomedical technology research and development company that patents, designs, develops and commercializes innovative diagnostic and therapeutic injection technologies and devices for medical, dental and cosmetic use. Since our inception, we have engaged in pioneering proprietary, innovative, computer-controlled injection technologies, and solutions for the medical and dental markets. We believe our technologies are proven and well established. Our common stock was initially listed on the NYSE American on June 1, 2015, and trades under the symbol MLSS . 
 
 We have focused our resources on redefining the worldwide standard of care for injection techniques by making the experience more comfortable for the patient by reducing the anxiety and stress of receiving injections from the healthcare provider. Our computer-controlled injection devices make injections precise, efficient, and virtually painless. 
 
 Milestone Scientific has developed a proprietary, computer-controlled anesthetic delivery device, using The Wand , a single use disposable handpiece. The device is marketed in dentistry under the trademark CompuDent , and STA Single Tooth Anesthesia System and is suitable for all dental procedures that require local anesthetic. Our proprietary DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing technology is our technology platform that advances the development of next-generation devices. It regulates flow rate and monitoring pressure from the tip of the needle, through platform extensions for local anesthesia for subcutaneous drug delivery, used in various dental and medical injections. It has specific medical applications for epidural space identification in regional anesthesia procedures and intra-articular joint injections. 
 
 Milestone Scientific remains focused on advancing efforts to achieve the following three primary objectives: 

Establishing Milestone s DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing technology platform as the standard-of-care in painless and precise drug delivery, providing for the first time, objective visual and audible in-tissue pressure feedback, and continuing to expand platform applications; 

Following obtaining successful FDA clearance of our first medical device, Milestone Scientific is transitioning from a research and development organization to a commercially focused medical device company; and 

Expanding our global footprint of our CompuFlo Epidural and CathCheck System by utilizing a targeted field sales force and partnering with distribution companies worldwide. 

Because of combining the ability to regulate the flow rate and monitor pressure at the tip of the needle, Milestone Scientific developed the industry s first solution for painlessly administering an intra-ligamentary injection, i.e., single-tooth anesthesia which could be used as the only injection necessary for achieving dental anesthesia, foregoing the need to administer traditional injections such as a nerve branch block. In addition to single-tooth anesthesia , the STA System can effectively perform all the traditional injections that dentists routinely give but can provide them virtually pain free and with numerous clinical advantages. This device, which also utilizes a disposable handpiece, is currently marketed by Milestone Scientific as the Wand STA System. 
 
 Our dental devices have been used to administer tens of millions of injections worldwide. Each of our devices has a related single use disposable handpiece, leading to a continuing revenue stream following sale of the device. At present, we sell disposable handpieces unique to our legacy product (the Wand and CompuDent to users who have not upgraded to our current dental product, the Wand STA System. 
 
 Building on the success of our proprietary, core technology platform for dental injections, and desiring to pursue other growth opportunities, we have recently begun to expand the uses and applications of our proprietary, patented technologies to achieve greater operational efficiencies, enhanced patient safety and therapeutic adherence, patient satisfaction, and improved quality of care across a broad range of medical specialties. In June 2017, we received FDA regulatory clearance to sell the CompuFlo Epidural Computer Controlled Anesthesia System in the United States for certain medical applications. We intend to continue to expand the uses and applications of our DPS Dynamic Pressure Sensing technology. We believe that we and our technology solutions are widely recognized by key opinion leaders (i.e., academics, anesthesiologists and practicing dentists whose opinions are widely respected), industry experts and medical and dental practitioners as a leader in the emerging, computer-controlled injection industry. 

24

Wand/STA Dental Product 
 
 Since its market introduction in early 2007, the Wand STA System and prior C-CLAD devices have been used to deliver over 80 million safe, effective, and comfortable injections. The instrument has also been favorably evaluated in numerous peer-reviewed, published clinical studies and associated articles. Moreover, there appears to be a growing consensus among users that the STA Instrument is proving to be a valuable and beneficial instrument that is positively impacting the practice of dentistry worldwide. 
 
 Medical Market Product 
 
 During 2016, Milestone Scientific filed for 510(k) marketing clearance with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for both intra-articular and epidural injections with the CompuFlo Epidural System. In June 2017, the FDA approved the CompuFlo Epidural System for epidural injections. 
 
 The following table shows a breakdown of Milestone Scientific s product sales (net), domestically and internationally, by business segment product category: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Domestic: US 
 
 Dental 

Medical 

Grand Total 

Instruments 

524,715 

7,500 

532,215 

Handpieces 

2,653,914 

25,250 

2,679,164 

Accessories 

78,493 

- 

78,493 

Grand Total 

3,257,122 

32,750 

3,289,872 

International: Rest of World 
 
 Dental 

Medical 

Grand Total 

Instruments 

1,413,525 

- 

1,413,525 

Handpieces 

3,391,748 

20,000 

3,411,748 

Accessories 

60,797 

- 

60,797 

Grand Total 

4,866,070 

20,000 

4,886,070 

International: China 
 
 Dental 

Medical 

Grand Total 

Instruments 

270,000 

- 

270,000 

Handpieces 

359,964 

- 

359,964 

Accessories 

- 

- 

- 

Grand Total 

629,964 

- 

629,964 

Total Product Sales 

8,753,156 

52,750 

8,805,906 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Domestic: US 
 
 Dental 

Medical 

Grand Total 

Instruments 

560,424 

- 

560,424 

Handpieces 

2,905,354 

35,200 

2,940,554 

Accessories 

69,271 

1,300 

70,571 

Grand Total 

3,535,049 

36,500 

3,571,549 

International: Rest of World 
 
 Dental 

Medical 

Grand Total 

Instruments 

1,226,486 

70,000 

1,296,486 

Handpieces 

3,246,302 

44,900 

3,291,202 

Accessories 

46,546 

800 

47,346 

Grand Total 

4,519,334 

115,700 

4,635,034 

International: China 
 
 Dental 

Medical 

Grand Total 

Instruments 

303,000 

- 

303,000 

Handpieces 

1,795,128 

- 

1,795,128 

Accessories 

- 

- 

- 

Grand Total 

2,098,128 

- 

2,098,128 

Total Product Sales 

10,152,511 

152,200 

10,304,711 

25

Current Product Platform 
 
 See Item 1. Description of Business. 
 
 Summary of Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, Milestone Scientific evaluates its estimates, including those related to accounts receivable, inventories, stock-based compensation, and contingencies. Milestone Scientific bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not clear from other sources. Actual results may differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 While significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note C to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report, Milestone Scientific believes that the following accounting policies and significant judgment and estimates are most critical in understanding and evaluating the reported financial results. 
 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 
 Milestone Scientific's discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations is based upon its consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") and include the accounts of Milestone Scientific and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries including, Wand Dental, and Milestone Medical. All significant, intra-entity transactions and balances are eliminated in the consolidation. 
 
 If Milestone Scientific determines that it has operating power and the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits, Milestone Scientific consolidates the VIE as the primary beneficiary. Milestone Scientific s involvement constitutes power that is most significant to the entity when it has unconstrained decision-making ability over key operational functions within the entity. Milestone Scientific has completed the VIE analysis relating to Milestone China and Anhui Maishida Medical Technology, Co. Ltd. Anhui ). 
 
 Milestone Scientific has determined that due to the loss of equity investment in Anhui, the company no longer has significant influence of Anhui and therefore Anhui is not a variable interest. Milestone Scientific has a variable interest in Milestone China, it considered the guidance in ASC 810, Consolidation as it relates to determining whether Milestone China is a VIE and, if so, identifying the primary beneficiary. Milestone Scientific would be considered the primary beneficiary of the VIE if it has both of the following characteristics: 

Power Criterion: The power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance; and 

Losses/Benefits Criterion: The obligation to absorb losses that could potentially be significant or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE 

Milestone Scientific does not have the ability to control the activities that most significantly impact Milestone China's economics and, therefore, the power criterion has not been met. Management placed the most weight on the relationship and significance of activities of Milestone China to the CEO of Milestone China who have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of Milestone China. Management has concluded that Milestone Scientific is not the primary beneficiary under ASC 810. Accordingly, Milestone China has not been consolidated into the financial statements of Milestone Scientific and is accounted for under the equity method. See Note F. 
 
 Assessment of our Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 
 In accordance with ASC 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern , the Company continually evaluates whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. Milestone Scientific has incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operating activities in virtually each year since its inception. 
 
 The Company has evaluated whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. Total operating losses since inception of 116.4 million. The operating losses were 8.8 million and 7.4 million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Management has prepared cashflow forecasts covering a period of 12 months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. These forecasts include several revenue and operating expense assumptions which indicate that the Company s current cash and liquidity is sufficient to finance the operating requirements for at least the next 12 months. Management believes that the Company will have sufficient cash reserves to meet its anticipated obligations for at least the next twelve months from the filing date of this report. Milestone Scientific is actively pursuing the generation of positive cash flows from operating activities through an increase in revenue from its dental business worldwide, the generation of revenue from its medical devices and disposables business in the United States and worldwide, and a reduction in operating expenses. However, the Company s continued operations will depend on its ability to raise additional capital through various potential sources until it achieves profitability, if ever. 

26

Inventories 
 
 Inventories principally consist of finished goods and component parts stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or net realizable value. Inventory quantities on hand are reviewed on a quarterly basis and a provision for excess and obsolete inventory is recorded if required based on past and expected future sales, potential technological obsolescence and product expiration requirement and regulations. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To perform revenue recognition the Company performs the following five steps: 

i. 
 identification of the promised goods or services in the contract; 

ii. 
 determination of whether the promised goods or services are performance obligations including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; 

iii. 
 measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; 

iv. 
 allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations based on estimated selling prices; and 

v. 
 recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account in ASC 606. 

The Company derives its revenues from the sale of its products, primarily dental instruments, handpieces, and other related products. The Company sells its products through a global distribution network and that includes both exclusive and non-exclusive distribution agreements with related and third parties. 
 
 Revenue from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of a product to a customer, generally upon date of shipment. For certain arrangements where the shipping terms are FOB destination, revenue is recognized upon delivery. The Company has no obligation on product sales for any installation, set-up, or maintenance, these being the responsibility of the buyer. Milestone Scientific's only obligation after sale is the normal commercial warranty against manufacturing defects if the alleged defective unit is returned within the warranty period. 
 
 Results of Operations. 
 
 The following table sets forth the consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Operating results: 

Product sales, net 

8,805,906 

10,304,711 

Cost of products sold 

3,905,092 

3,992,811 

Gross profit 

4,900,814 

6,311,900 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

12,514,323 

12,738,362 

Research and development expenses 

1,150,209 

878,210 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

63,755 

73,836 

Total operating expenses 

13,728,287 

13,690,408 

Loss from operations 

(8,827,473) 

(7,378,508) 

Other income, and interest expense net 

54,607 

502,076 

Net loss 

(8,772,866) 

(6,876,432) 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

66,735 

58,115 

Net loss attributable to Milestone Scientific Inc. 

(8,706,131) 

(6,818,317) 

Cash flow: 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 (6,031,996) 

(4,033,664) 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 (8,527) 

(15,189) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 
 (8,544) 

4,589,282 

27

Year ended December 31, 2022, compared to year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Net sales for years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Dental 

8,753,156 

10,152,511 

(1,399,355) 

Medical 

52,750 

152,200 

(99,450) 

Total sales, net 

8,805,906 

10,304,711 

(1,498,805) 

Consolidated revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was approximately 8.8 million and 10.3 million, respectively. Dental revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 8.8 million and 10.1 million, respectively. The decrease in Dental revenue of approximately 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021 was driven by lower revenue from China of approximately 1.5 million and a decrease in domestic revenue of approximately 278,000 of which 179,000 related to an allowance for sales returns from Henry Schein due to the termination of the distribution agreement. Dental international revenue increased approximately 347,000 compared to December 31, 2021. Medical revenue decreased approximately 100,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 , as compared to December 31, 2021, which was primarily the result of changes to the Company s near term commercial strategy. 
 
 Gross Profit for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Dental 

5,446,175 

6,223,051 

(776,876) 

Medical 

(545,361) 

88,849 

(634,210) 

Total gross profit 

4,900,814 

6,311,900 

(1,411,086) 

Consolidated gross profit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 decreased approximately 1.4 million or 22 . The decrease was driven by an allowance of approximately 550,000 on slow moving Medical finished goods. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Dental 

3,225,032 

2,946,108 

278,924 

Medical 

4,183,983 

4,106,689 

77,294 

Corporate 

5,105,308 

5,685,565 

(580,257) 

Total selling, general and administrative expenses 

12,514,323 

12,738,362 

(224,039) 

Consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 12.5 million and 12.7 million, respectively. The decrease of approximately 224,000 is categorized in several areas. Employee salaries, and benefits expenses decreased approximately 886,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The Company reduced director fees, bonuses, employee recruiting fees, and medical insurance for year ended December 31, 2022. The Company reduced marketing expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 by approximately 86,000 due to decreased trade show participation and decrease royalties expenses by approximately 4,000. The Company increased employee travel and professional fees by approximately 322,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 due to international commercial efforts. During year ended December 31, 2022 warehousing, and quality control expenses associated with quality assurance in connection with ISO certification and digitizing parts of our quality control increased approximately 379,000, and other selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately 51,000 due to the additional professional services quality control required in the compliance and regulations 
 
 Research and Development for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Dental 

1,095,523 

797,509 

298,014 

Medical 

54,686 

80,701 

(26,015) 

Corporate 

- 

- 

- 

Total research and development 

1,150,209 

878,210 

271,999 

Consolidated research and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, were approximately 1.2 million and 878,000, respectively. The increase of approximately 272,000 is related to the Company developing the next generation to the STA Single Tooth Anesthesia System product line. 

28

Profit (Loss) from Operations for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Dental 

1,121,815 

2,475,059 

(1,353,244) 

Medical 

(4,788,105) 

(4,105,854) 

(682,251) 

Corporate 

(5,161,183) 

(5,747,713) 

586,530 

Total loss from operations 

(8,827,473) 

(7,378,508) 

(1,448,965) 

The loss from operations was approximately 8.8 million and 7.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in the loss from operations was primarily driven the decrease in gross profit. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Milestone Scientific has incurred annual operating losses and negative cash flows from operating activities since its inception. Milestone Scientific is actively pursuing the generation of positive cash flows from operating activities through an increase in revenue from its dental business and the medical business worldwide, and a reduction in operating expenses. On December 31, 2022, Milestone Scientific had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 8.7 million and working capital of approximately 9.7 million. Forthe years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash flows used in operating activities of approximately 6.0 million and 4.0 million, respectively 
 
 Management believes that the Company has sufficient cash, along with the current cash flow and support from the dental business to mitigate the expected selling expenditures for commercialization of the Epidural medical device, as well as other operating expenditures and planned new product development programs, over the next twelve months from the filing date of this report. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The impact of the consolidated contractual obligations at December 31, 2022, expected on the liquidity and cash flows in future periods, is as follows: 

Payments Due by Period 

Total 

Less than 1 Year 

1-3 Years 

3-5 Years 

Operating lease obligations 

597,196 

141,518 

420,201 

35,477 

Purchase obligations (1) 

2,233,838 

2,233,838 

- 

- 

Total 

2,831,034 

2,375,356 

420,201 

35,477 

(1) Purchase obligations include agreements for the purchase of dental devices, including purchase obligations entered into post year end, which will require payment in during the year ended 2023. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note C - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements for explanation of recent accounting pronouncements impacting Milestone Scientific. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Milestone Scientific is a smaller reporting company as defined by Regulation S-K and, as such, is not required to provide the information required by this item. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements 
 
 The financial statements of Milestone Scientific required by this Item are set forth beginning on page F-1. 
 
 Item 9. Change in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

29

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedure 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified under the rules and forms of the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. As required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in paragraph (e) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act) were effective at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company remediated the identified material weakness from December 31, 2021. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent inspections 
 
 None. 

30

PART III The information required by Part III is omitted from this Annual Report because it will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or the 2023 Proxy Statement, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons and Corporate Governance; Compliance with Section 16 (a) of the Exchange Act The information required under this item will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required under this item will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters The information required under this item will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required under this item will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information required under this item will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

31

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

1 
 Financial Statements. See Index to Financial Statements on page F-1. 

2 
 Financial Statement Schedule 

3 
 Exhibits 

Certain of the following exhibits were filed as Exhibits to previous filings filed by Milestone Scientific under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or reports filed under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are hereby incorporated by reference. 

Exhibit No 
 Description 

3.1 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Milestone filed on September 6, 2013 (11) 

3.2 
 Form of Certificate of Designation filed on April 18, 2014 (12) 

3.3 
 Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Designation filed on May 12, 2014 (13) 

3.4 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of Milestone filed April 1, 2019 (23) 

3.5 
 Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation (24) 

4.1 
 Specimen stock certificate (2) 

4.3 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in the 2016 Public Offering (16) 

4.4 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in the Feb. 2019 Public Offering (21) 

4.5 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in the Feb. 2019 Private Placement (22) 

4.6 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (30) 

4.7 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in the Apr. 2021 Public offering (25) 

4.8 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in the Jun. 2021 Public Offering (26) 

10.1 
 Lease dated November 25, 1996 between Livingston Corporate Park Associates, L.L.C. and Milestone (3) 

10.2 
 Lease amendment dated April 28, 2004 between Livingston Corporate Park Associates, L.L.C. And Milestone (4) 

10.3 
 2011 Equity Compensation Plan (7) 

10.4 
 Master Supply and Distribution Agreement, dated July 3, 2013, between Milestone Scientific Inc and Tri-anim Health Services, Inc (9) 

10.5 
 Agreement with Mark Hochman, dated July 2015 (13) 

10.6 
 Investment Agreement, dated April 15, 2014, between Milestone Scientific Inc. and BP4 S.p.A. (12) 

10.7 
 Exclusive Distribution and Supply Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2016, among Milestone Scientific Inc., Wand Dental, Inc. and Henry Schein, Inc. (14) 

10.8 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 1, 2016, between Wand Dental Inc. and Gian Domenico Trombetta (15) 

10.9 
 Final Form of Asset Purchase Agreement, dated June 2, 2017, among APAD Octrooi B.V., APAD B.V., and Milestone Scientific Inc. (17) 

10.10 
 Final form of the Memorandum of Agreement, dated June 6, 2017, between Solee Science Technology U.S.A. Ltd. and Milestone Scientific Inc. (18) 

10.11 
 Final form of the Promissory Note, dated June 6, 2017, in the principal amount of 1,275,000 made by Solee Science Technology U.S.A. Ltd. to Milestone Scientific Ltd. (18) 

10.12 
 Final form of the Stock Option Agreement, dated June 6, 2017, Solee Science Technology U.S.A. Ltd. and Milestone Scientific Inc. (18) 

10.13 
 New Employment Agreement between Milestone Scientific Inc. and Leonard Osser dated as of July 11, 2017. (19) 

10.14 
 Employment Agreement between Milestone Scientific Inc. and Daniel Goldberger dated as of July 11, 2017. (19) 

10.15 
 Covenant Agreement between Milestone Scientific Inc. and Daniel Goldberger dated and effective as of July 11, 2017. (19) 

10.16 
 Consultant Agreement between Milestone Medical Inc. and U.S. Asian Consulting Group, LLC dated as of July 10, 2017. (20) 

10.17 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2019 between Milestone Scientific Inc. and Maxim Group LLC, as underwriter (21) 

10.18 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2019 between Milestone Scientific Inc. and BP4 S.p.A. (22) 

10.19 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2021 between the Company and Maxim Group LLC (25) 

32

10.20 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2021 between the Company and Maxim Group LLC (26) 

10.21 
 Buy Sell Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021, by and between Wand Dental, Inc. and Michelle Zhang dba Solee Science Technology USA (31) 

10.22 
 Succession Agreement between Leonard Osser and Milestone Scientific Inc. (27) 

10.23 
 Amended and Restated 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (28) 

10.24 
 Employment Agreement, dated and effective as of January 1, 2022, between Arjan Haverhals and Milestone Scientific Inc. (29) 

10.25 
 Offer Letter, dated as of February 1, 2023, between Peter Milligan and Milestone Scientific Inc. 

21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 

23.2 
 Consent of Friedman, LLP 

31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification-Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification-Financial Officer 

32.1 
 Section 1350 Certifications-Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 Section 1350 Certifications-Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Furnished, not filed, in accordance with item 601(32) (ii) of Regulations-S-K. 

2) 
 Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to Milestone Scientific s Registration Statement on Form 10-KSB for the year ended May 15, 1995 

3) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 1996. 

4) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2004. 

7) 
 Filed as Appendix A to Milestone Scientific s Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on May 2, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 

9) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 9, 2013. 

11) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. 

12) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 18, 2014. 

13) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

14) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2016. 

15) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 2, 2016. 

16) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2016. 

17) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 2, 2017. 

18) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 7, 2017. 

19) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 10, 2017. 

20) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 14, 2017. 

21) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2019. 

22) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2019. 

23) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019. 

24) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on April 2, 2021 . 

25) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 9, 2021 . 

26) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 25, 2021 

27) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 7, 2021 

28) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 30, 2021 

29) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2022. 

30) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022 

31) 
 Incorporated by reference to Milestone Scientific s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022 

33

SIGNATURES 
 
 In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Milestone Scientific Inc. 

By: 
 /s/Arjan Haverhals 

Chief Executive Officer 

Milestone Scientific Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Peter Milligan 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Date 
 Title 

/s/ Neal Goldman 
 March 30, 2023 
 Chairman and Director 

Neal Goldman 

/s/ Leonard Osser 
 March 30, 2023 
 Vice Chairman and Director 

Leonard Osser 

/s/ Gian Domenico Trombetta 
 March 30, 2023 
 Director 

Gian Domenico Trombetta 

/s/ Benedetta Casamento 
 March 30, 2023 
 Director 

Benedetta Casamento 

/s/ Michael McGeehan 
 March 30, 2023 
 Director 

Michael McGeehan 

/s/ Arjan J. Haverhals 
 March 30, 2023 
 Director 

Arjan J. Haverhals 

34

REPORT INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (Marcum LLP PCAOB ID Number and Friedman LLP PCAOB ID Number F-2 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8- F-24 

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 Milestone Scientific, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Milestone Scientific, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and the related consolidated statement of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022) 

March 30, 2023 

F-2

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Milestone Scientific, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Milestone Scientific, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statement of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 The valuation of inventories requires management to make significant assumptions and complex judgments about the future salability of the inventory and its net realizable value. These assumptions include the assessment of net realizable value by inventory category considering future usage and forecast product demand for the Company s products. Changes in such assumptions could have a significant impact on the valuation of the Company s inventories. Additionally, management makes qualitative judgments related to slow moving and obsolete inventories. This leads to a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort is required when performing audit procedures to evaluate the methodology and reasonableness of the estimates and assumptions. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 The following are the most relevant procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter: 
 
 Testing of whether the data used to assess obsolescence associated with inventory on hand was complete and sufficiently precise. 

Evaluating whether the expected customer demand used was reasonable, considering the Company s current and past marketing efforts and their market studies in developing the estimate of future demand, the estimated useful life of the inventory, current economic and competitive conditions that could impact the forecasts, and the timing of the introduction and development of new or enhanced products. 

Evaluating the reasonableness of management s assumption related to the risk of technological or competitive obsolescence for products considering the technological or competitive obsolescence experiences during the product life cycle of existing products used in other business lines. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor from 2016 to 2022. 
 
 March 31, 2022 

F-3

MILESTONE SCIENTIFIC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 ASSETS 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Inventories 
 Advances on contracts 
 Total current assets 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment, net 
 Intangibles, net 
 Right of use assets finance lease 
 Right of use assets operating lease 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accounts payable, related party 
 Accrued expenses and other payables 
 Accrued expenses, related party 
 Current portion of finance lease liabilities 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 Non-current portion of finance lease liabilities 
 Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Commitments 
 
 Stockholders equity 
 Common stock, par value .001 ;authorized 100,000,000 shares; 69,306,497 shares issued and 69,273,164 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022; 68,153,336 shares issued and 68,120,003 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Treasury stock, at cost, 33,333 shares 
 Total Milestone Scientific, Inc. stockholders' equity 
 Noncontrolling interest 
 Total stockholders equity 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-4

MILESTONE SCIENTIFIC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 

2021 

Product sales, net 

Cost of products sold 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Interest income (expense) 

() 

Gain on debt extinguishment-PPP 

Loss before provision for income taxes and equity investments 

() 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

() 

Loss before equity investment 

() 

() 

Deferred profit and divesture-equity investment (See Note F) 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net loss attributable to Milestone Scientific Inc. 

() 

() 

Net loss per share applicable to common stockholders 

Basic and Diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding and to be issued 

Basic and Diluted 

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-5

MILESTONE SCIENTIFIC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 2022 AND 2021 

Common Stock Shares 

Common Stock Amount 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Noncontrolling Interest 

Treasury Stock 

Total 

Balance January 1, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation 

- 

- 

Common stock issued to employee for compensation expensed in prior periods 

() 

Common stock to be issued for payment of consulting services expensed in prior periods 

() 

Common stock issued to board of directors for services expensed in prior periods 

() 

Common stock to be issued to employees for bonuses 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock issued to employee for stock options exercised 

Common stock issued to employee for compensation 

- 

- 

Common stock to be issued for payment of consulting services 

- 

- 

Common stock issued to board of directors for services 

- 

- 

Common stock issued to employee for bonus expensed in prior periods 

() 

Common stock issued for warrants exercised 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock to be issued to employees for bonuses 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock issued to employee for compensation 

Common stock issued for payment of consulting services 

Common stock issued to employees for bonuses 

() 

Common stock issued to board of directors for services 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-6

MILESTONE SCIENTIFIC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization of intangibles 

Stock based compensation 

Employees paid in stock 

Expense paid in stock 

Inventory Reserve 

Amortization of right-of-use asset 

Gain on debt extinguishment-PPP 

- 

() 

Deferred profit and divesture-equity investment (See Note F) 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease in accounts receivable 

(Increase) decrease in inventories 

() 

(Increase) in advances on contracts 

() 

() 

(Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

Increase in accounts payable 

Increase in accounts payable, related party 

(Decrease) increase in accrued expenses 

() 

(Decrease) in accrued expenses, related party 

() 

() 

Decrease operating lease liability 

() 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of furniture, fixtures, and equipment 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments finance lease obligations 

() 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Common stock issued to employee for option exercised 

Net cash used in (provided by) financing activities 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-7

MILESTONE SCIENTIFIC INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

other countries. Certain medical devices have obtained CE mark approval and can be marketed and sold in most European countries. In June 2017, Milestone Scientific received 510 (k) marketing clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on the CompuFlo Epidural Computer Controlled Anesthesia System Epidural ). 
 
 We are in the process of meeting with medical facilities and device distributors within the United States, Middle East and Europe. Certain of our medical instruments have obtained European CE mark approval and can be marketed and sold in most European countries. 
 
 In 2020, the Company received a Notice of Allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) related to its new CompuPulse System, which combines the benefits of our CompuWave technology with a manual syringe. The new CompuPulse System allows one to identify a pulsatile pressure waveform in a variety of applications, thereby improving the reliability and safety of a drug delivery procedure. Importantly, not all procedures require the sophistication of our CompuFlo system, which precisely controls the administration and flow rate of medication as it is being administered. This new technology provides an efficient and low-cost alternative for procedures where a manual syringe may suffice, while still providing the ability to verify needle and subsequent catheter placement. 

million. The operating losses were million and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Management has prepared cashflow forecasts covering a period of 12 months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. These forecasts include several revenue and operating expense assumptions which indicate that the Company s current cash and liquidity is sufficient to finance the operating requirements for at least the next 12 months Management believes that the Company will have sufficient cash reserves to meet its anticipated obligations for at least the next twelve months from the filing date of this report. Milestone Scientific is actively pursuing the generation of positive cash flows from operating activities through an increase in revenue from its dental business worldwide, the generation of revenue from its medical devices and disposables business in the United States and worldwide, and a reduction in operating expenses. However, the Company s continued operations will depend on its ability to raise additional capital through various potential sources until it achieves profitability, if ever. 
 
 In addition to its employees, the Company relies on (i) distributors, agents, and third -party logistics providers in connection with product sales and distribution and (ii) raw material and component suppliers in the U.S., Europe, and China. If the Company, or any of these entities encounter any disruptions to its or their respective operations or facilities, or if the Company or any of these third -party partners were to shut down for any reason, including by fire, natural disaster, such as a hurricane, tornado or severe storm, power outage, systems failure, labor dispute, pandemic or other public health crises, or other unforeseen disruption, then the Company or they may be prevented or delayed from effectively operating its or their business, respectively. 
 
 The coronavirus (COVID- 19 adversely impacted the Company's operations, our distributors and suppliers in recent years. Notwithstanding the reopening of dental offices, hospitals, and pain clinics throughout the country and the rest of the world, revenues for years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were adversely affected. Any business interruptions, resulting from COVID- 19, or new variant, could significantly disrupt our operations further and could have a material adverse impact on our business in the future. 

Sanctions imposed by the United States and other western democracies, against Russia because of Ukraine conflict, and any expansion of the conflict, is likely to have unpredictable and wide-ranging effects on the domestic and global economy and financial markets, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The conflict has caused market volatility, a sharp increase in certain commodity prices, and an increasing number and frequency of cybersecurity threats. As direct impact from the conflict, we have experienced a decrease in international sales to Ukraine and halted all sales to Russia. We will continue to monitor the situation carefully and, if necessary, take action to protect our business, operations, and financial condition. 

for sales returns from Henry Schein due to the termination of the contract on December 31, 2022. 
 Financing and Payment The Company's payment terms differ by geography and customer, but payment is required within 90 days from the date of shipment or delivery. Disaggregation of Revenue The Company operates in two operating segments: dental and medical. Therefore, results of the Company operations are reported on a consolidated basis for purposes of segment reporting, consistent with internal management reporting. See Note M for revenues by geographical market, based on the customer s location, and product category for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

million and million, respectively, invested in cash. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 Milestone Scientific had approximately million and million, respectively, invested in cash that exceeded the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit of 250,000. 

. 

The valuation allowance creates a new cost basis for the inventory, and it is not subsequently marked up through a reduction in the valuation allowance based on any changes in the underlying facts and circumstances. When the valuation allowance is initially recorded, the increase to the allowance is recognized as an increase in cost of sales. The valuation allowance is only reduced if or when the underlying inventory is sold or destroyed, at which time cost of sales recognized would include the previous adjusted cost basis. 

uncertain tax positions that required recognition in the consolidated financial statements. Milestone Scientific's policy is to recognize interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. interest and penalties are present for periods open. Tax returns for the 2019, 2020, and 2021 years are subject to audit by federal and state jurisdictions. 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The calculation of diluted earnings per common share is like that of basic earnings per common share, except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if all potentially dilutive common shares, such as those issuable upon the exercise of stock options and warrants were issued during the period. Since Milestone Scientific had net losses in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the assumed effects of the exercise of potentially dilutive outstanding stock options, unissued restricted stock awards RSA and warrants, were not included in the calculation as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. Such outstanding options, RSA and warrants totaled and on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Medical finished goods 
 Component parts and other materials 
 Total inventories 

The Company recorded an allowance on slow moving Medical finished goods of approximately , and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively due to the slow adoption of the epidural instruments and handpieces. The Company recorded an allowance on slow moving Dental finished goods of approximately as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million in Milestone China Ltd. Milestone China by contributing dental instruments to Milestone China for a ownership interest. Milestone China owns approximately of Milestone Beijing Medical Equipment Company, Ltd Milestone Beijing ). At the time, Milestone Beijing had primary responsibility for the sales, marketing, and distribution of the Company s dental products in China. Milestone Scientific recorded its investment in Milestone China under the equity method of accounting. 
 
 In first quarter of 2020, Milestone China and certain manufacturing/marketing affiliates entered into a reorganization agreement (the Transaction pursuant to which Milestone China was to merge into an affiliated manufacturing company, Anhui Maishida Medical Technology, Co. Ltd. Anhui ), with Anhui as the surviving entity and to have complete responsibility for sales, marketing, and distribution for the Company s dental products in China. After completion of the Transaction, Milestone Scientific was expected to have an approximate direct ownership in Anhui. Due to the COVID- 19 pandemic, the regulatory approval of the planned Transaction was delayed while applicable government offices were closed in China and Hong Kong. Until the completion of the transaction Milestone Scientific's 28.4 in Anhui was held by Milestone China. 

On November 23, 2021, management of Milestone Scientific became aware that on October 8, 2021, without approval from Milestone Scientific, (i) Milestone China entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement whereby Milestone China s 28.4 equity stake in Anhui was transferred to Lidong Zhang, the CEO of Milestone China and Anhui, in exchange for RMB million (approximately of which no amounts have been or are expected to be received, see below, and (ii) Anhui held a shareholders meeting at which the Equity Transfer Agreement was approved by the shareholders of Anhui, eliminating Milestone China s equity interest in Anhui and Milestone Scientific s indirect equity interest in Anhui. Based on a review of the minutes of the Anhui shareholders meeting, Milestone China was not listed as a shareholder in such meeting due to the executed Equity Transfer Agreement between Lidong Zhang and Milestone China. 
 
 Though management believes that this conveyance by Milestone China to Lidong Zhang is outside of the laws of Hong Kong and/or China, as may be applicable, at this juncture Milestone Scientific has no ownership in Anhui and Milestone China has no assets or operations. After considering taking action to assert our rights in the matter, and based on the acknowledgement that such course of action is not without its procedural and substantive challenges in Hong Kong and/or China and, importantly, in view of Michelle Zhang dba Solee Science Technology USA Solee (see below), a company located in New Jersey, then becoming the independent distributor for Milestone China and its subsidiaries, and due to the good working relationship then developing between Milestone Scientific and Solee and to the reduction of Milestone Scientific s credit exposure to a Chinese entity, management is not pursuing any legal action at this time to recover our equity interest. The Company does not believe it is prudent at this time to continue to pursue its investigation of any options it may have regarding its Chinese distributor, and therefore, in order to preserve cash the Company is for the time being suspending its investigation. 
 
 At this time, Milestone Scientific has not received any consideration, does not know if any of such consideration promised to Milestone China for its interest in Anhui has been paid and, if paid, whether it can recover its share of such consideration. Unless circumstances change, Milestone Scientific does not expect it will receive any of the consideration received by Milestone China for its assets without pursuing legal action. As a result, Milestone Scientific has not recorded a gain or receivable related to the transfer of Anhui. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the investment in Milestone China was zero. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 
 Milestone China Distribution Agreement 
 
 Milestone China had been Milestone Scientific s exclusive distributor in China. During 2017 and prior to the payment default during 2018, Milestone Scientific agreed to sell inventory to Milestone China and its agent. During 2018, Milestone Scientific entered into a payment arrangement with Milestone China to satisfy past due receivables from Milestone China and its agents which amounted to million at the time of the payment arrangement. Milestone Scientific collected under this arrangement, until Milestone China defaulted on the payment arrangements. 
 
 Beginning in mid- November 2021, Milestone Scientific entered into discussions with Michelle Zhang dba Solee Science Technology USA Solee ), a company located in New Jersey, to become Milestone Scientific s independent distributor for China, replacing its former distributor Milestone China and its subsidiaries. On November 22, 2021, Wand Dental, Inc., a United States subsidiary of Milestone Scientific, entered into a Buy and Sell Agreement with Solee, pursuant to which Milestone Scientific granted Solee the right to sell Milestone Scientific s STA instruments, associated handpieces, and spare parts in China to Anhui. 
 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, Milestone Scientific shipped instruments or handpieces to Solee for sale to Anhui and recognized revenue of approximately . For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, Milestone Scientific shipped instruments or handpieces to Solee for sale to Anhui and recognized revenue of approximately million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had deposits from Solee for future shipment of goods included in accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had approximately of deposits from Solee for future shipment of goods included in accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Gross Profit Deferral 
 
 Due to timing differences of when the inventory sold to Milestone China, Anhui or their agent is recognized and when Milestone China and Anhui sells the acquired inventory to third parties, an elimination of the recorded profit is required as of the balance sheet date. In accordance with ASC 323 Investment Equity Method and Joint Ventures, Milestone Scientific has deferred its ownership percentage of the gross profit associated with recognized revenue from sales to Milestone China, Solee as an agent, and Anhui until that product is sold to third parties. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had deferred profit in the consolidated balance sheets. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 Milestone Scientific recorded loss on equity investment of approximately in relation to gross profit previously deferred on product sold to Milestone China, Anhui, and Solee, recorded as deferred profit and divesture-equity investment on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Office furniture and equipment 
 Molds 
 Trade show displays 
 Computers and software 
 Tooling Safety Wand 
 Tooling equipment-STA Wand 
 EPI and IA Instruments 
 STA Trials Instruments 
 Total 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 Total 

Depreciation expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Total 

Total 

Patents are amortized utilizing the straight-line method over estimated useful lives ranging from to years. Amortization expense was 49,663 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The annual amortization expense expected to be recorded for existing intangibles assets for the years 2023 through 2027 is approximately , , , and , respectively. 

to shares. 

WARRANTS 
 
 The following table summarizes information about shares issuable under warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022: 

Issued - - 
 Exercised - - 
 Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 - 

SHARES TO BE ISSUED 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were and , respectively shares to be issued whose issuance has been deferred under the terms of an employment agreements with the former Interim Chief Executive Officer, former Chief Financial Officer, and other employees of Milestone Scientific. Such shares will be issued to each party upon termination of their employment. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and , respectively shares to be issued to non-employees, that will be issued to non-employees for services rendered. The number of shares was fixed at the date of grant and were fully vested upon grant date. 
 
 The following table summarizes information about shares to be issue at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Granted in current period 
 Issued in current period 
 Shares-to be issued outstanding 

shares of common stock and expires in June 2031. Options may be granted to employees, directors, and consultants of Milestone Scientific for the purchase of shares of common stock at a price not less than the fair market value of common stock on the date of grant. Generally, options become exercisable over a three -year period from the grant date and expire five years after the date of grant. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, remaining options available for grants under the Plan. 

On April 8, 2021, as part of its Succession Plan going into effect on April 23, 2021, the Company announced that Leonard Osser, the Interim Chief Executive Officer, would be accepting the role of Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors. As part of accepting this role, he would be granted options to purchase shares of common stock, exercisable at the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant, vesting over the five -year period after he steps down as Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company or ten years from the date of grant, whichever shall end first. The options were issued pursuant to the 2020 Plan. 

Milestone Scientific recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period and in the case of performance-based options over the period of the expected performance. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Milestone Scientific recognized approximately and of total employee compensation cost, respectively, recorded in general and administrative expenses on the statement of operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was million and million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested options, respectively. Milestone Scientific expects to recognize these costs over a weighted average period of and years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 A summary of option activity for employees under the plans and changes the year ended December 31, 2022 is presented below: 

Granted during 2022 - 
 Exercised during 2022 - - 
 Forfeited or expired during 2022 - - 
 Options outstanding December 31, 2022 - 
 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 - 

The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of options granted to employees during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options granted to employees exercised was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company used the following assumptions to calculate the fair value of the stock option grants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model on the measurement date during the year ended December 31, 2022, risk free interest rate of , Volatility of (which is based on the Company s historical volatility over the expected term), expected term of 3 years, dividend rate and closing price of the stock of . 
 
 A summary of option activity for non-employees under the plans and changes during the year ended December 31, 2022 is presented below: 

Granted during 2022 - 
 Exercised during 2022 - - 
 Options outstanding December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

The fair value of the non-employee options was estimated on the date of grant using the Black Scholes option-pricing model at the date of grant. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Milestone Scientific recognized approximately and expense related to non-employee options, respectively. 
 
 The Company used the following assumptions to calculate the fair value of the stock option grants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model on the measurement date during the year ended December 31, 2022, risk free interest rate of , Volatility of expected term of years, dividend rate and closing price of the stock of . 

The information below summarizes the restricted stock award activity for year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Granted 
 Vested - 
 Cancelled - 
 Non-vested as December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there were restricted shares granted and deferred under the terms of an employment agreements with the Territory Manager of Milestone Scientific. Such shares will be issued to each party upon completion of years of employment. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized negative stock compensation expense and stock compensation expense of approximately and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation expense was related to unvested restricted stock awards for Territory Managers, which the Company expects to recognize over an estimated weighted-average period of years. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company entered into restricted stock agreements with members of the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company granted restricted stock awards with a fair market value of per share. Such restricted stock vests as follows: on the grant date in June 2022, and quarterly, on the first day of the following months: October 2022, January 2023, and April 2023. These awards vest immediately upon a change of control as defined in the agreements. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized approximately for restricted stock expenses recorded in general and administrative expenses on the statement of operation. As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock compensation expense was approximately related to non-vested restricted stock awards with the members of the Board of Directors, which the Company expects to recognize over an estimated weighted average period of years. 

for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Director of Clinical Affairs royalty fee was approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, Milestone Scientific expensed consulting fees to the Director of Clinical Affairs of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, Milestone Scientific owed the Director Clinical Affairs for royalties of approximately and , respectively, which is included in accounts payable, related party and accrued expense, related party, in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 On March 2, 2021, Milestone Scientific entered into a Royalty Sharing Agreement with Leonard Osser, the Company s then Interim Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which Mr. Osser sold, transferred and assigned to the Company all of his rights in and to a certain patent application as to which he is a co-inventor with Dr. Hochman, and the Company agreed to pay to Mr. Osser, beginning May 9, 2027, half of the royalty on net sales that would otherwise be payable to Dr. Hochman and his wife under their Technology Sale Agreement with the Company, the Hochman's having agreed with the Company pursuant to an addendum to such Technology Sale Agreement dated February 25, 2021 to reduce from to the payments due to them on May 9, 2027 and thereafter, with respect to dental products. 

Pursuant to a Succession Agreement dated April 6, 2021 between Mr. Osser and the Company: (i) the Employment Agreement dated as of July 10, 2017 between Mr. Osser and the Company, pursuant to which upon Mr. Osser stepping down as Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the Company agreed to employ him as Managing Director, China Operations of the Company (the China Operations Agreement ), and (ii) the Consulting Agreement dated as of July 10, 2017 the Consulting Agreement between the Company and U.S. Asian Consulting Group, LLC, a company of which Mr. Osser is a principal, the compensation under the China Operations Agreement was modified to reduce the overall compensation by to , split equally between a cash amount and an amount in shares, and the compensation under the Consulting Agreement is increased by to , equally split between a cash amount and an amount in shares, which shares were formerly payable under the China Operations Agreement. Compensation under the China Operations Agreement and the Consulting Agreement are payable for 9.5 years from May 19, 2021. The Company recorded expense of and related to the Managing Director, China Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company recorded expense of and related to the US Asian Consulting Group, LLC for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

recognition was given to the utilization of the remaining net operating loss carry forwards in each of these periods. 
 
 Deferred tax attributes resulting from differences between financial accounting amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Warranty Reserve 
 Impaired Assets 
 Capitalized Sec. 174 R D 
 Inventory Reserve 
 Deferred Officer's Compensation 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Net Operating Loss Carryforwards 
 Tax Credits 
 Other 
 Subtotal 
 Valuation allowance 
 Non-current deferred tax asset 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, federal net operating loss carry-forwards are approximately and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, Milestone Scientific has net operating losses generated before December 31, 2017 will be available to offset future income, if any, through December 2037. Net operating losses generated in 2018 or after can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 
 State net operating losses were approximately and 63,400,000 for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net operating losses will be available to offset future taxable income, if any, through December 2041. 
 
 The utilization of Milestone Scientific's net operating losses may be subject to a substantial limitation due to the "change of ownership provisions" under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. Such limitation may result in the expiration of the net operating loss carry forwards before their utilization. Milestone Scientific has established a valuation allowance for all of its deferred tax assets due to uncertainty as to their future realization. 
 
 Accounting for uncertainties in income taxes prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return, and provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, disclosure, and transition. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had uncertain tax positions that required recognition in the consolidated financial statements. Milestone Scientific's policy is to recognize interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense in the Statements of Operations. interest and penalties are present for periods open. Tax returns for the 2019, 2020, and 2021 years are subject to audit by federal and state jurisdictions. 

A reconciliation of the statutory tax rates for the years ended December 31, is as follows: 

State income tax - all states - 
 Stock compensation - 
 NOL Expiration - - 
 Other - - 
 Subtotal 
 Valuation Allowance - - 
 Effective tax Rate - 

Medical 
 Total net sales 
 
 Operating Income (Loss): 2022 2021 
 Dental 
 Medical 
 Corporate 
 Total operating loss 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization: 2022 2021 
 Dental 
 Medical 
 Corporate 
 Total depreciation and amortization 
 
 Income (loss) before taxes and equity in earnings of affiliates: 2022 2021 
 Dental 
 Medical 
 Corporate 
 Total loss before taxes and equity in earnings of affiliate 
 
 Total Assets December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 Dental 
 Medical 
 Corporate 
 Total assets 

The following table presents information about our operations by geographic area as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Net sales by geographic area are based on the respective locations of our subsidiaries. 

Handpieces 
 Accessories 
 Grand Total 
 
 International: Rest of World Dental Medical Grand Total Dental Medical Grand Total 
 Instruments 
 Handpieces 
 Accessories 
 Grand Total 
 
 International: China Dental Medical Grand Total Dental Medical Grand Total 
 Instruments 
 Handpieces 
 Accessories 
 Grand Total 
 
 Total Product Sales 

, and amount of revenue respectively for the year ended December 31, 2022. We had two customers that accounted for , and amount of revenue respectively for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 We had two customers that accounted for , and amount of accounts receivable, respectively as of December 31, 2022. We had three customers that accounted for , , and amount of accounts receivable, respectively as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 We had one vendor that accounted for , of accounts payable and accounts payable related party, respectively as of December 31, 2022. We had two vendor that accounted for and , of accounts payable and accounts payable related party, respectively as of December 31, 2021. 

million and 1.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, Milestone Scientific owed this supplier approximately and , respectively, which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses related party on the consolidated balance sheets. In June 2021, the Company signed a ten -year agreement with United Systems for supplier of the handpieces. 
 
 Milestone China 
 
 See Note F. 

Other 
 
 K. Tucker Andersen, a significant stockholder of Milestone Scientific, has an agreement with Milestone Scientific to provide financial and business strategic services. Expenses recognized on this agreement were for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Director of Clinical Affairs royalty fee was approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, Milestone Scientific expensed consulting fees to the Director of Clinical Affairs of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, Milestone Scientific owed the Director Clinical Affairs for royalties of approximately and , respectively, which is included in accounts payable, related party and accrued expense, related party, in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 On March 2, 2021, Milestone Scientific entered into a Royalty Sharing Agreement with Leonard Osser, the Company s then Interim Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which Mr. Osser sold, transferred and assigned to the Company all of his rights in and to a certain patent application as to which he is a co-inventor with Dr. Hochman, and the Company agreed to pay to Mr. Osser, beginning May 9, 2027, half of the royalty on net sales that would otherwise be payable to Dr. Hochman and his wife under their Technology Sale Agreement with the Company, the Hochman's having agreed with the Company pursuant to an addendum to such Technology Sale Agreement dated February 25, 2021 to reduce from to the payments due to them on May 9, 2027 and thereafter, with respect to dental products. 
 
 Pursuant to a Succession Agreement dated April 6, 2021 between Mr. Osser and the Company: (i) the Employment Agreement dated as of July 10, 2017 between Mr. Osser and the Company, pursuant to which upon Mr. Osser stepping down as Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the Company agreed to employ him as Managing Director, China Operations of the Company (the China Operations Agreement ), and (ii) the Consulting Agreement dated as of July 10, 2017 the Consulting Agreement between the Company and U.S. Asian Consulting Group, LLC, a company of which Mr. Osser is a principal, the compensation under the China Operations Agreement was modified to reduce the overall compensation by to , split equally between a cash amount and an amount in shares, and the compensation under the Consulting Agreement is increased by to , equally split between a cash amount and an amount in shares, which shares were formerly payable under the China Operations Agreement. Compensation under the China Operations Agreement and the Consulting Agreement are payable for 9.5 years from May 19, 2021.The Company recorded expense of and related to the Managing Director, China Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company recorded expense of and related to the US Asian Consulting Group, LLC for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

STA CompuDent instruments. As of December 31, 2022, the purchase order commitment was approximately million, and approximately million was paid and reported in advances on contracts in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the purchase order commitment was approximately million, approximately million was paid and reported in advances on contracts in the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the company also has advances on an open purchase order for long lead items for a future purchase order for the manufacturing of Epidural instrument of approximately and , respectively. 

2 Leases 
 
 Operating Leases 
 
 In August 2019, the Company made the decision to not renew its existing office lease for its corporate headquarters located in Livingston, New Jersey and instead signed a new seven year lease in a new facility located in Roseland, New Jersey (the Roseland Facility ), which commenced of January 8, 2021 . Under the Roseland Facility lease, rent payments commence on April 1, 2021 , and the monthly lease payments escalate annually on January 1 of each year, and range from to per month over the lease term. The Company is also required to pay a fixed electric charge equal to per square foot which is paid in equal monthly installments over the lease term or annually. These fixed monthly payments have been included in the measurement of the operating lease liability and related operating lease right-of-use asset as the Company has elected the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components for all leases. The Company is also required to pay its proportionate share of certain operating costs and property taxes applicable to the leased premises more than new base year amounts, which are accounted for as variable lease expenses. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total finance right-of-use assets were and total finance liabilities were of which and were classified as current and non-current, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, total operating right-of use assets were 443,685 and total operating lease liabilities were , of which and were classified as current and non-current, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, total finance right-of-use assets were and total finance liabilities were of which and were classified as current and non-current, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, total operating right-of use assets were and total operating lease liabilities were , of which and 476,980 were classified as current and non-current, respectively. 
 
 The Company identified and assessed the following significant assumptions in recognizing its right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities: 
 
 As the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company estimated the incremental borrowing rate in calculating the present value of the lease payments. The Company has utilized its incremental borrowing rate based on the long-term borrowing costs of comparable companies in the Medical Device industry. 
 Since the Company elected to account for each lease component and its associated non-lease components as a single combined lease component, all contract consideration was allocated to the combined lease component. 
 The expected lease terms include non-cancellable lease periods. Renewal option periods are not included in the determination of the lease terms as they were not reasonably certain to be exercised. 

The components of lease expense were as follows: 

Cash paid for finance lease liabilities 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities (1) 
 Property and equipment obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 
 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term 
 Finance leases (years) 2.04 years 3.04 years 
 Operating leases (years) 4.25 years 5.25 years 
 Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 
 Weighted-average discount rate finance leases 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Total future minimum lease payments 
 Less: interest 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

and be eligible to receive an annual incentive bonus with a target of of his annual cash compensation, which shall be payable in shares of the Company s common stock. Mr. Milligan will also be entitled to receive in shares of the Company s common stock on an annual basis, of which, shall have a grant date of February 1 and shall have a grant date as of August 1 of each year beginning in 2023, valued at the closing price of the Company s common stock on the NYSE American on the grant date, and which shares are to be issued to Mr. Milligan following the expiration of sixty 60 days after the termination of his employment with the Company. Mr. Milligan holds an M.B.A. from New York University with a concentration in Finance and Economics and a B.B.A. in Accounting from Hofstra University. There are no family relationships between Mr. Milligan and any of the Company s directors or executive officers, and there is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Milligan or any other person and the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to which he was appointed as an officer of the Company. There are no transactions between Mr. Milligan or any of his immediate family members and the Company or any of its subsidiaries that would be required to be reported under Item 404 (a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 On February 27, 2023, the Company announced that its CompuFlo Epidural System has received 510 (k) FDA clearance for use in the thoracic region of the spine, including the cervical thoracic junction. This approval expands upon the Company s prior approval of CompuFlo for use within the lumbar region of the spine, where the focus has been on labor and delivery. 

F-24

<EX-10.25>
 2
 ex_492742.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.25

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 10.25 

As of February 1, 2023 

 Peter J. Milligan 13 Crest Drive 

 Randolph, New Jersey 07869 

 Dear Peter, 

This letter confirms our previous conversations regarding the employment opportunity available to you with Milestone Scientific Inc. (the "Company") and sets forth the terms and conditions of that employment, effective February 1, 2023 (the "Commencement Date"). 

1. 

Position; Duties: The Company hereby offers you part-time employment as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. By acceptance of this offer, you agree to perform from time to time such services as are customary for a chief financial officer of a company such as the Company, the common stock of which is listed on the NYSE American exchange, and other duties and services as the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"), the Chief Executive Officer or, if a different person, the President, may reasonably request consistent with such position. During the period of your employment, you will report to the Chief Executive Officer or such other person(s) as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer or, if a different person, the President may designate from time to time. 

Your position is for work in the Company's offices in New Jersey for two (2) days per week, which will include preparation of presentations for and attendance at all meetings of the Board and relevant committees. For purposes hereof, a day is considered to be a full business day from time to time for a chief financial officer of a public company; and the particular days each week you come into the office may be chosen by you but it is expected that consideration be given to the days that other executives and members of your financial team are in person in the office. In addition, depending on business exigencies, you are expected to be available for calls and attendance at electronic meetings outside of such two (2) days per week, for your guidance, suggestions and support, whenever we need your help. During such work periods, you agree to (a) to devote your entire business time, energy and skill to your employment with the Company, for the benefit of the Company and its subsidiaries, and (b) adhere to the Company's procedures and policies from time to time. 

Your position is an exempt salaried position. Accordingly, you may work additional hours or days beyond the minimum number or the Company's normal business hours if required by the nature of your job duties, and you would not be eligible for overtime or additional pay for such additional work. 

Your employment at the Company is "at will." This means that, just as you may resign from the Company at any time for any reason or no reason, the Company has the right to terminate this employment relationship at any time with or without cause or notice. Your "at-will'' status may not be altered in any way except by an express written agreement signed by you and the Company, and such agreement is expressly acknowledged as an employment contract. In the event of any termination, the compensation provided for herein will be paid to you for all periods up to the effective date of termination. 

2. 

Compensation: Your base salary will be 120,000 per year (at the rate of 10,000 per month), payable in cash, less applicable deductions and withholdings, in accordance with the Company's standard payroll practices. Cash compensation will be pro-rated for any partial calendar year during your employment. 

In addition, you will receive grants of an aggregate of 100,000 in the Company's common stock, as follows: 50,000 granted on February 1 and 50,000 granted on August 1 of each year beginning in 2023. Such shares will be valued at the closing price of the Company's common stock on the NYSE American or such other market or exchange on which its shares are then traded at the applicable grant date. The share portion of your compensation will be issued to you following the expiration of sixty (60) days after the end of your employment with the Company and its subsidiaries and in accordance with the requirements of IRC Code 409A. You must be employed on such payment date in order to receive such share compensation. You acknowledge that the shares issuable under this paragraph will be acquired by you for investment purposes only and not with a view towards the distribution thereof and will not be sold or otherwise disposed of in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

3. 

Bonus: You will be eligible to receive an annual incentive bonus with a target of 48,000 per year (40 of your cash compensation), payable in shares of common stock of the Company. Incentive compensation is likely to be payable on an annual basis in February or March of the following year, and you must be employed on such payment date in order to receive incentive compensation. Bonus for the period February 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023 will determined with respect to the achievement of the to be defined targets for calendar year 2023. Bonus amounts and targets for subsequent periods will be set, and satisfaction of bonus targets for 2023 and subsequent periods will be determined, by the Compensation Committee from time to time in its reasonable discretion. Amounts and targets for partial years will be pro rated. 

YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU MAY SUFFER ADVERSE TAX CONSEQUENCES AS A RESULT OF YOUR RECEIPT OR DISPOSITION OF THE SHARES. YOU REPRESENT (a) THAT YOU HAVE CONSULTED WITH ANY TAX ADVISER THAT YOU DEEM ADVISABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE RECEIPT OR DISPOSITION OF THE SHARES AND (b) THAT YOU ARE NOT RELYING ON THE COMPANY FOR ANY TAX ADVICE. 

4. 

Benefits; Vacation: During your employment with the Company, you will be entitled to participate in the employee benefit plans and programs, subject to eligibility requirements, enrollment criteria, and the other terms and conditions of such plans and programs. Currently, such plans and programs are as follows: 

			 medical insurance - covered 100 for the executive, and 70 for the executive's spouse and children, up to the amounts paid by the Company for employees generally; coverage in excess of such amounts are available at your expense; 

			 dental and vision insurance - available as a voluntary payroll deduction; and 

			 401K Plan - available without match 

In addition to public holidays on which the business of the Company is officially closed in accordance with the Company's holiday policy, you will be entitled to eight (8) days (40 of four (4) weeks) of personal time off or vacation time, which vacation time will accrue during the term of your employment in accordance with the Company's PTO policy, as set forth in the Employee Handbook, from time to time. You will only be entitled to use any such accrued personal time off or vacation time in such a manner as to ensure satisfaction of the needs and requirements of the Company, without roll-over. 

Air travel for executives and employees is generally in economy class, though from time to time based on circumstances exceptions may be made to business class. All business travel, including hotel arrangements must be made through the Company. Reasonable effort will be made by the Company to accommodate your requested airlines, date, time of travel and hotel selection. Reimbursement of ordinary and necessary business related expenses will be made upon submission of an expense report, provided by the Company, accompanied by all original receipts. The Company reserves the right to change, terminate and rescind any of its benefit plans and programs, alter employee contribution levels or replace any of such plans or programs at its discretion. 

5. 

Company Materials. All materials, computers, devices, records and documents {including without limitation originals and copies, and whether in print, electronic or in other media), generated by you or coming or having come into your possession in connection with your employment with the Company or any of the Company's affiliates, including trade secrets and other proprietary information (collectively, "Company Materials"), shall be the sole property of the Company or its applicable affiliate, as the case may be. Promptly following any termination of your employment, or promptly upon request of the Company at any time, you agree to deliver all Company Materials to the Company and to use your best efforts to permanently delete and erase all proprietary information of the Company from all computers and other storage media in your personal possession or under your control and not otherwise required to be, and in fact, delivered to the Company. 

6. 

Confidentiality and Work for Hire. In addition to this letter, if you have not already done so, on your first day of work under this letter, you will be required to sign the Company's standard form of Employee Proprietary Information, Inventions and Non-Solicitation Agreement, a copy of which will be furnished to you on or prior to such date. Your offer of employment with the Company is contingent upon you signing and delivering such agreement to the Company. 

7. 

No Conflicts. You hereby represent and warrant that you are not party to any agreement, contract or understanding, whether of employment, consultancy or otherwise, including any confidentiality, non-solicitation, non-competition or a similar agreement, in conflict with this agreement or which would in any way restrict or prohibit you from undertaking or performing services for the Company or any of its affiliates. During your employment with the Company, you may not directly or indirectly render services to any other person or organization for which you receive compensation without giving prior written notice to, and receiving prior written approval from, the Chairman of the Board or CEO (which should not be unreasonable withheld), or engage in any other unpaid activities that inhibit or prohibit the performance of your duties to the Company or inhibit or conflict in any way with the business of the Company. 

8. 

Other Conditions. Your employment by the Company is subject to satisfactory proof of your right to work in the United States and the completion, with results satisfactory to the Company, of any Company-required background, reference, drugs and other customary checks. If, based upon a unique circumstance, you commence work before the Company has completed its inquiry, you will be deemed a conditional employee. 

9. 

Miscellaneous. These employment terms set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and the Company, supersede any and all prior agreements or understandings between you and the Company, including your existing employment offer letter, and may be modified, amended or supplemented only by a writing signed by the Company and you. This agreement is to be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey, without reference to conflicts of laws principles. This agreement is not intended to conflict with or induce you to violate any existing contractual or other obligations that you have to any other person or entity. By signing below, you are certifying, among other things, that you are not subject to any non-compete clause or similar restriction that prevents you from working for the Company. This agreement may be executed electronically, by facsimile, by .pdf, and/or in wet ink, and each method, and any copies of such original execution, shall be of the same force and effect as an original executed offer. 

We are excited to have you become a member of the Milestone team, and welcome you as our CFO, and look forward to a successful relationship in which you will find your new status and work both challenging and rewarding. To confirm your employment with the Company on the terms set forth herein, kindly sign and date the Acknowledgement and Agreement below and scan and email the signed copy to me at your earliest convenience. This offer must be accepted on or before January 30, 2023 and will be deemed to have been withdrawn if your executed Acknowledgement and Agreement is not received by the undersigned on or before such date. 

Sincerely, 

/s/ Arjan Haverhals 

 Chief Executive Officer and President 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND AGREEMENT 

I have read, understand and accept the foregoing terms and conditions of employment and understand my employment with the Company is contingent on background, reference and other customary checks by the Company, as well as satisfactory proof of my right to work in the United States. 

I understand and acknowledge that my employment with the Company is for an unspecified duration and constitutes "at-will" employment. I acknowledge that this employment relationship may be terminated at any time with or without cause or for any or no cause, at the option either of the Company or myself. I further understand that no contract of employment other than "at will" has been expressed or implied, and that no circumstances arising out of my employment will alter my "at will" employment relationship. In the event of any termination, the compensation provided for herein will be paid to me for all periods up to the effective date of termination and only as stated otherwise in this agreement. 

I represent and warrant that I am not a party to any agreement, contract or understanding, whether of employment, consultancy or otherwise, which would in any way restrict or prohibit me from undertaking or performing services for the Company. I hereby acknowledge that I have not foregone any other opportunity, financial or otherwise, in connection with commencing or rendering my services to the Company. 

Sign name: /s/ Peter Milligan 

 Date January 23, 2023 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex_490434.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

HTML Editor 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

Subsidiaries 

Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Wand Dental , Inc. 

Delaware 

Milestone Medical Inc. 

Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex_490435.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Milestone Scientific Inc. on Form S-3 (No. 333-209466 and No. 333-231178), and Form S-8 File (No. 333-134245, No. 333-40413, No.333-252100, and No. 333-257895) of our report dated March 30, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Milestone Scientific, Inc. as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Milestone Scientific, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

 East Hanover, New Jersey 

 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 ex_492741.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Milestone Scientific Inc. on Form S-3 (No. 333-209466 and No. 333-231178), and Form S-8 File (No. 333-134245, No. 333-40413, No.333-252100, and No. 333-257895) of Milestone Scientific Inc. of our report dated March 31, 2022, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 which was included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We resigned as auditors on September 12, 2022 and, accordingly, we have not performed any audit or review procedures with respect to any financial statements for the periods after the date of our resignation. 

/s/ Freidman LLP 

Friedman LLP 

 East Hanover, New Jersey 

 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex_490441.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 

I, Arjan Haverhals, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Milestone Scientific Inc. 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, considering the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under the supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under the supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report the conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on the most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether material or not, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Arjan Haverhals 

 Arjan Haverhals 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex_490442.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 

I, Peter Milligan, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Milestone Scientific Inc. 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, considering the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under the supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under the supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report the conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluation and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on the most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether material or not, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Peter Milligan 

 Peter Milligan 

 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex_490443.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 

 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Milestone Scientific Inc. Milestone on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Arjan Haverhals, Chief Executive Officer of Milestone, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of Milestone 

Date March 30, 2023 

/s/ Arjan Haverhals 

 Arjan Haverhals 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this certification has been provided to Milestone and will be retained by Milestone and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex_490444.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 

 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Milestone Scientific Inc. Milestone on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Peter Milligan, Chief Financial Officer of Milestone, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of Milestone. 

Date March 30, 2023 

/s/ Peter Milligan 

 Peter Milligan 

 Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this certification has been provided to Milestone and will be retained by Milestone and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 mlss-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 mlss-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 mlss-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 mlss-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 mlss-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

