<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1832148_0001193125-23-054013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9784753</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>421357</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1289531</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3278362</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1968044</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2544051</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-054013.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228164028
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-054013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SLR HC BDC LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001832148
		IRS NUMBER:				851801692
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56247
		FILM NUMBER:		23686260

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 993-1670

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-054013.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 d440551d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of formation)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

, NY 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

() 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 

Title of Each Class

Trading

Symbol

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

N/A

N/A

N/A

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: 

Unit 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, there was established public market for the registrant s units. The issuer had 
 units outstanding as of February 24, 2023. 

Auditor Firm Id: 

Auditor Name: 

Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

FORM 10-K
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE

PART I. 

Item 1. Business 

2

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

29

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

63

Item 2. Properties 

63

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

64

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

64

PART II. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Unitholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

65

Item 6. Reserved 

66

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

67

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

77

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

78

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

107

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

107

Item 9B. Other Information 

107

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

107

PART III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

108

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

110

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Unitholder Matters 

111

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

112

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

121

PART IV. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

122

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

123

Signatures 

124

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

SLR HC BDC LLC (the Company , we , us or our is a Delaware limited liability company formed on July 7, 2020 as a closed-end,
 externally managed investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). Furthermore, as the Company is an investment company, it applies the guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company has elected to be treated, and intends to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). As a BDC and a RIC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. The Company was formed primarily to provide investors with attractive long-term returns through investments made pursuant to the investment strategy of the Company described below. SLR Capital Partners, LLC (the Adviser or SLR serves as the Company s investment adviser pursuant to an investment management agreement between the Company and the Adviser (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Investment Management Agreement ). 
 The Company pursues a corporate lending strategy focused on direct sourcing, underwriting and managing a diverse portfolio of private loans to U.S. healthcare companies. The Company s principal focus is to invest in two differentiated strategies: first lien healthcare cash flow loans and first lien life science loans. First lien healthcare cash flow loans are expected to be made to private equity-owned upper middle market healthcare companies with EBITDA between approximately 25 million and 100 million. These loan tranches are expected to range in size from 100 million to 300 million. Healthcare cash flow loans are generally expected to have a five to six year final maturity and are often repaid within three years. First lien life science loans are expected to be made to venture capital owned pre-commercialization
 or early revenue drug and device development companies. These loan tranches are expected to range in size from 25 million to 150 million. Loans to life science companies are generally expected to have an initial interest-only period and then straight-line amortization with a four to five year final maturity. These loans are often repaid within two to three years. The Company expects to primarily invest in non-investment
 grade debt instruments. The Company also expects that some of its investments will contain delayed-draw term loan type features (which is a legally binding commitment by the Company to fund additional term loans to a borrower in the future) and/or other types of unfunded commitments. The Company s investments in portfolio companies are referred to herein as Portfolio Investments . 
 The Adviser believes the broad experience of the Adviser s senior investment team enables it to successfully identify, assess and structure customized senior secured loans and to manage potential risk and return at all stages of the economic cycle. As an unlisted BDC, the Company is not subject to many of the regulatory limitations that govern traditional lending institutions such as banks. This lack of regulation allows the Adviser to be more flexible than regulated lending institutions in selecting and structuring investments, adjusting investment criteria, transaction structures and, in some cases, the types of securities in which the Company is expected to invest. The Adviser believes financial sponsors, management teams and investment banks see this flexibility as a benefit, making it an attractive financing partner. The Adviser believes that this approach enables it to procure attractive investment opportunities throughout the economic cycle so that it can make investments consistent with its stated investment objective even during turbulent periods in the capital markets. 

 Moreover, the Company may opportunistically seek to acquire investments in the secondary market at attractive and/or discounted prices, especially during periods of significant market volatility. In analyzing such investments, the Company will employ a substantially similar analytical process as it uses for its primary investments as well as any prior knowledge of the target company. 

 The Adviser seeks to create a diverse, predominantly floating rate investment portfolio for the Company. There is no guarantee that the Company will achieve its goals or that even if achieved, an investment in the Company will result in gains to an investor. For the avoidance of doubt, any investment guidelines discussed in this annual report apply to a fully ramped-up
 portfolio of investments, (i.e., after the Company has invested substantially all of the capital available to the Company in accordance with the Company s investment strategy) and are based on total available capital including unfunded equity commitments from the holders Unitholders of the Company s units Units and total expected leverage, as reasonably determined by the Adviser. The Company will not be required to take any action (including unwinding or liquidating any position) in the event that such guideline is exceeded subsequent to the investment date, whether as a result of changes in the market value of the Company s portfolio or otherwise. 

2 

Table of Contents 
 The Adviser SLR Capital Partners, LLC 

SLR serves as the Company s investment adviser pursuant to an investment management agreement with the Company (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Investment Management Agreement ). Subject to the overall supervision of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), the Adviser is responsible for managing the Company s business and activities, including sourcing investment opportunities, conducting research, performing diligence on potential investments, structuring our investments, and monitoring the Company s portfolio companies on an ongoing basis through a team of investment professionals. The managing members of the Adviser are Michael Gross and Bruce Spohler. The Adviser has established an investment committee that is dedicated to the Company (the Investment Committee ), which is currently comprised of Michael Gross, Bruce Spohler, Philip Guerin, Julie Reyes, Anthony Storino and Krishna Thiyagarajan. 

 The Board of Directors 

Overall responsibility for the Company s operations rests with the Board. The Board is responsible for overseeing the Adviser and other service providers in our operations in accordance with the provisions of the 1940 Act, applicable provisions of state and other laws, and the Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the LLC Agreement ). The Board currently consists of five members, three of whom are not interested persons of the Adviser as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. The Company refers to these individuals as our independent directors. The Board elects officers, who serve at the discretion of the Board. The responsibilities of each director include, among other things, the oversight of investment activities, the quarterly valuation of assets, and oversight of financing arrangements. The Board has established an audit committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee and may establish additional committees in the future. 

 Investment Management Agreement 

Subject to the overall supervision of the Board, the Adviser manages the investments of, and provide certain services to, the Company pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, including: 

(i) 
 providing overall investment management services to the Company in accordance with the LLC Agreement and in accordance with the 1940 Act, including without limitation, sourcing, structuring, negotiating, underwriting, performing diligence, originating and disposing of investments of the Company; 

(ii) 
 making investment decisions for the Company; 

(iii) 
 servicing investments including, without limitation, monitoring the investments and the creditworthiness of all issuers, developing and executing work out strategies where applicable; 

(iv) 
 overseeing the placement of purchase and sale orders on behalf of the Company; 

(v) 
 undertaking certain compliance-related activities in respect of the Company in accordance with the investment objective; 

(vi) 
 providing good faith valuations of investments for which market quotes are not readily available pursuant to the LLC Agreement; 

(vii) 
 voting proxies, exercise rights, options, warrants, conversion privileges, and redemption privileges, and tender securities pursuant to a tender offer; 

(viii) 
 enter into agreements and execute any documents (e.g., any loan or credit facility agreements), including without limitation, any market and/or industry standard documentation and standard representations contained therein; and 

(ix) 
 providing periodic and special reports to the Company as requested. 

The Company engages or otherwise transacts with, and expects that its special-purpose vehicles (such as special-purpose vehicles used for credit facilities or tax blockers) in which it may invest will engage or otherwise transact with, one or more Service Providers (defined herein) in connection with their investment process, including in respect of Portfolio Investments. Service Providers include consultants (including in connection with the acquisition, management and disposition of Portfolio Investments), advisors, transaction finders or sources, operating partners, loan and other servicers, loan and other originators, 

3 

Table of Contents 
 property and other asset managers, investment bankers, valuation agents, pricing service providers, legal counsel, appraisers, industry or sector experts, joint venture partners and development partners, contract employees, outside legal counsel and/or temporary employees (as well as employees of any of the foregoing), whether working onsite or offsite. Any fees, costs, expenses and liabilities incurred in connection with services provided by Service Providers will be borne (directly or indirectly) by the Company, subject to the cap on operating expenses, and will not offset Management Fees (defined herein), and such amounts may be substantial. 

 Investment Management Agreement Term 

Unless terminated earlier as described below, the Investment Management Agreement will remain in effect from year-to-year

 if approved annually by a majority of the Board or by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities and, in each case, a majority of the independent directors, in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. 
 The Investment Management Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment within the meaning of the 1940 Act and related Securities and Exchange Commission SEC guidance and interpretations. In accordance with the 1940 Act, without payment of any penalty, we may terminate the Investment Management Agreement with the Adviser upon 60 days written notice. In addition, without payment of any penalty, the Adviser may generally terminate the Investment Management Agreement upon 60 days written notice. 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time during the term of the Investment Management Agreement, the Adviser may assign the full and exclusive authority and responsibility granted to it under the Investment Management Agreement to an investment adviser under common control with the Adviser, subject to applicable law. The Adviser may take any actions that are necessary or incidental to any such assignment, including assigning the Investment Management Agreement or causing the Company to enter into a new Investment Management Agreement. It is expected that (x) any new investment adviser would be a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), (y) the management fee and incentive fee payable by the Company to such entities would be identical to that payable to the Adviser and (z) certain of the investment professionals would continue to be responsible for managing the Company s assets. 

 Compensation of Adviser 

Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement we have entered into with the Adviser, we pay the Adviser certain management and incentive fees prior to and following an Exchange Listing. Prior to an Exchange Listing, we pay the Adviser, in its capacity as Administrative Coordinator, an administration fee for administrative and coordination services, each as defined and described further below. Following an Exchange Listing, we intend to enter into a separate administration agreement with an affiliate pursuant to which administrative services would be provided to the Company, as described further below. The cost of the base management fee, the incentive fee and the administration fee will ultimately be borne by our Unitholders. 

 Management Fees and Administration Fees 

The Company pays the Adviser a management fee prior to an Exchange Listing (as the same may be adjusted pursuant to the LLC Agreement and the Investment Management Agreement, the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Management Fee and a management fee following an Exchange Listing (as the same may be adjusted pursuant to the LLC Agreement and the Investment Management Agreement, the Post-Exchange Listing Management Fee and, together with the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Management Fee, the Management Fee ). The Management Fee will be payable quarterly in arrears, as follows: 

Pre-Exchange
 Listing
. Prior to an Exchange Listing, the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Management Fee will be calculated as of the close of business on the last day of each calendar quarter in an amount equal to 1.50 per annum 

of Invested Capital (defined as, as of any date, the sum of (i) capital contributions to the Company used to make Portfolio Investments and (ii) the total amount of credit drawn on subscription or similarly structured credit facilities). 

4 

Table of Contents 

Post-Exchange Listing
. Following an Exchange Listing, the Post-Exchange Listing Management Fee will be an amount equal to 1.50 per annum of the average value of the Company s total assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters; provided, however, the Post-Exchange Listing Management Fee will be calculated at an annual rate of 1.00 of the average value of the Company s total assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters that exceeds the product of (i) 200 and (ii) the value of the Company s total net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter. 
 
 The Management Fee will be appropriately adjusted for any stub period. The Adviser may arrange for the Company to direct to a placement agent any portion of the Management Fee that the Adviser is owed for purposes of paying any placement fee that the Adviser owes to such placement agent. 

 The Adviser will have the right, in its sole discretion, to waive or reduce, as well as recoup in a subsequent period, the Management Fee to which the Adviser is entitled in respect of all Unitholders Units in any particular calendar quarter. Any such Management Fee may be recouped by the Adviser in a future calendar quarter within three years of the date of the applicable waiver of the Management Fee. 

 Incentive Fee 

Distributions
. Prior to an Exchange Listing, the Company makes distributions out of two categories: Current Proceeds and Disposition Proceeds (collectively referred to as Investment Proceeds ). Disposition Proceeds means all amounts received by the Company upon the disposition of an investment, including full or partial repayments or amortization of principal (but excluding Current Proceeds). Current Proceeds means all proceeds from investments, including interest income, fee income, prepayment fees and exit fees, other than Disposition Proceeds, less Company expenses. The Adviser apportions each Unitholder s pro rata share of Investment Proceeds between Disposition Proceeds and Current Proceeds. 
 Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee
. 

Prior to an Exchange Listing, and subject to availability, the Company will cause distributable cash to be distributed to Unitholders and to be paid to the Adviser as an incentive fee (the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee ). Amounts of Investment Proceeds apportioned to Unitholders are divided between and distributed to Unitholders, on the one hand, and the Adviser, on the other hand, in the following amounts and order of priority: 
 (i) Disposition Proceeds apportioned to Unitholders shall be divided between and distributed to Unitholders, on the one hand, and paid to the Adviser as a Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee, on the other hand, in the following amounts and order of priority: 
 (A) First, Return of Capital Contributions: 100 to such Unitholder until such Unitholders has received cumulative distributions of Investment Proceeds pursuant to this clause (A) equal to such Unitholder s total capital contributions to the Company (including amounts contributed to pay Pre-Exchange
 Listing Management Fees, Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fees, Organizational Expenses (as defined below) and other Company expenses); 
 (B) Second, Unitholder Preferred Return: 100 of all remaining Disposition Proceeds to Unitholders until they have each received cumulative distributions of Investment Proceeds, without duplication, pursuant to this clause (B) and clause (D) below and clause (ii)(A) and (ii)(C) below equal to 6 per annum, compounded annually, on Unitholders capital contributions to the Company (including amounts contributed to pay Pre-Exchange
 Listing Management Fees, Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fees, Organizational Expenses and other Company expenses), determined on the basis of all capital contributions made by such Unitholder and considering all distributions (including the subject distribution) under this Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee made to such Unitholder (computed from the dates that such capital contributions were due (or, if actually made later, the date on which such capital contributions were actually made) until the date that the Company, in its sole discretion, designates distributable cash as available for distribution or, if no such designation is made, the occurrence of an Event of Dissolution, as defined in the LLC Agreement) (the Preferred Return 
 (C) Third, Adviser Catch Up: 100 of all remaining Disposition Proceeds to the Adviser as a Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee, until the Adviser has received payments of Investment Proceeds with respect to Unitholders pursuant to this clause (C) and clause (ii)(B) below equal to 10 of the total amounts due to Unitholders and earned by the Adviser pursuant to clause (B) above and this clause (C) and clause (ii)(A) and (ii)(B) below; and 
 (D) Fourth, 90 /10 : 90 of all remaining Disposition Proceeds to Unitholders and 10 of all remaining Disposition Proceeds to the Adviser as a Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee. 

5 

Table of Contents 
 In no event will the Adviser receive amounts of Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fees under clause (i)(C) and (i)(D) above in excess of the percentage of the Disposition Proceeds actually distributed to Unitholders pursuant to clause (i)(B), (i)(C) and (i)(D) above. 
 In no event will the Adviser receive amounts attributable to Disposition Proceeds that, as of any distribution or payment date, exceeds 20 of cumulative realized capital gains net of all cumulative realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation. 

 (ii) Current Proceeds apportioned to Unitholders shall be divided between and distributed to Unitholders, on the one hand, and paid to the Adviser as a Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee, on the other hand, in the following amounts and order of priority: 
 (A) First, Unitholder Preferred Return: 100 of all Current Proceeds to Unitholders until Unitholders have received cumulative distributions of Investment Proceeds, without duplication, pursuant to this clause (A) and clause (C) below and pursuant to clause (i)(B) and clause (i)(D) above equal to the Preferred Return; 

 (B) Second, Adviser Catch Up: Second, 100 of all remaining Current Proceeds to the Adviser as a Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee until the Adviser has received payments of Investment Proceeds with respect to Unitholders pursuant to this clause (B) and clause (i)(C) above equal to 10 of the total amounts due to Unitholders and earned by the Adviser pursuant to clause (A) above and this clause (B) and pursuant to clause (i)(B) and clause (i)(C) above; and 
 (C) Third, 90 /10 : Thereafter, 90 of all remaining Current Proceeds to Unitholders and 10 of all remaining Current Proceeds to the Adviser as a Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee. 
 In no event will the Adviser receive amounts of Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fees under clause (ii)(B) and (ii)(C) above in excess of the percentage of the Current Proceeds actually distributed to Unitholders pursuant to clause (ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(C) above. 
 Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee
. Following an Exchange Listing, the Company will pay an incentive fee to the Adviser consisting of two parts, as follows (the Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee ): 

(i) 
 Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income. One part will be calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. 

a. 
 For this purpose, Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) accrued by the Company during the calendar quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses for the quarter (including the Post-Exchange Listing Management Fees, expenses payable under an administration agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee). 

b. 
 Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, will be compared to a hurdle rate of 1.50 per quarter (6.00 annualized). The Company s Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income used to calculate this part of the Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee is also included in the amount of its gross assets used to calculate the 1.50 Post-Exchange Listing Management Fees. 

c. 
 The Company will pay the Adviser a Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee with respect to the Company s Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income in each calendar quarter as follows: 

i. 
 no Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee in any calendar quarter in which the Company s Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the quarterly hurdle rate of 1.50 ; 

6 

Table of Contents 

ii. 
 100 of the Company s Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.875 in any calendar quarter (7.5 annualized); this portion of the Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income (which exceeds the hurdle but is less than 1.875 is referred to herein as the catch-up. 
 The catch-up 
 is meant to provide the Adviser with 20 of the Company s Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle did not apply if this Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income exceeds 1.875 in any calendar quarter; and 

iii. 
 20 of the amount of the Company s Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds 1.875 in any calendar quarter (7.5 annualized) payable to the Adviser (once the hurdle is reached and the catch-up
 is achieved, 20 of all Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net investment income thereafter is allocated to the Adviser). 
 
 These calculations will be appropriately pro-rated for
 any period of less than three months. 
 Capital Gains Fee
. The second part of the Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee, the Capital Gains Fee , will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Management Agreement as set forth below), commencing as of the end of the first fiscal year following an Exchange Listing, and will equal 20.0 of the Company s realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation as of each fiscal year end, less the amount of any previously paid capital gain Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fees, with respect to the Company; provided that the Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee determined as of the end of the fiscal year in which an Exchange Listing is completed will be calculated for a period of shorter than twelve calendar months to take into account any realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation. In the event that the Investment Management Agreement will terminate as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date will be treated as though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying a Capital Gains Fee. 
 Incentive Fee Waiver and Recoupment
. 
 The Adviser will have the right to waive or reduce, in its sole discretion, as well as recoup in a subsequent period, all or any portion of the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee or Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee that would otherwise be earned in any particular calendar quarter, and may cause any or all amounts subsequently available for distribution to the Unitholders to be distributed to the Adviser until it has received the same aggregate amount of Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fees or Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fees had it not previously waived receipt of such Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fees or Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fees. Any such Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fees or Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fees may be recouped by the Adviser in a future calendar quarter within three years of the date of the applicable waiver of the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee or Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee. 
 The Adviser will be entitled to withhold from any distributions, in its discretion, any required tax withholdings. Amounts of taxes paid or withheld from amounts otherwise distributable to a Unitholder will be deemed distributed for purposes of the calculations above. 

 The Adviser may arrange for the Company to direct to a placement agent any portion of the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee or Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee which the Adviser is owed for purposes of paying any placement fee that the Adviser owes to such placement agent. 
 Administration Fees and Expenses 

Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fees
. The Company will pay SLR, in its capacity as the Administrative Coordinator, a fee (the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fee ), calculated as of the close of business in New York, New York on the last day of each calendar quarter (the Administration Fee Calculation Date ), in an amount equal to 0.08 per annum of the average Cost Basis (defined as, as of any date, the aggregate accreted and amortized cost of all Portfolio Investments, including (i) any amounts reinvested in Portfolio Investments and (ii) the cost of Portfolio Investments acquired using leverage), as measured on the last day of the preceding quarter and the last day of the current quarter for the period ended and payable quarterly in arrears after such Administration Fee Calculation Date. The Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fee will not offset any fees paid to the Adviser. The Administrative Coordinator will be responsible for all expenses of its own staff responsible for (i) certain on-going,
 routine, non-investment-related
 administrative services for the Company, (ii) the coordination of various third party services needed or required by the Company and (iii) certain Unitholder servicing functions. 

7 

Table of Contents 
 The Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fee will be appropriately adjusted for any stub period. 
 The Administrative Coordinator will have the right, in its sole discretion, to waive, as well as recoup in a subsequent period, the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fee to which it is entitled in respect of all Unitholders Units in any particular calendar quarter. Any such Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fee may be recouped by the Administrative Coordinator in a future calendar quarter within three years of the date of the applicable waiver of the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fee. 
 Post-Exchange Listing Administration Expenses
. In connection with an Exchange Listing, and subject to Board approval, the Company intends to enter into an administration agreement with SLR Capital Management, LLC SCM pursuant to which SCM will provide administrative services to the Company. For providing these services, facilities and personnel, the Company will reimburse SCM for the Company s allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by SCM in performing its obligations under the administration agreement (together with the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fee, the Administration Expenses ). 
 Limitation of Liability and Indemnification 

The Investment Management Agreement provides that the Adviser (which includes, for all purposes of this paragraph, its members, principals, officers, managers, investors, employees and other representatives and agents and entities controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Adviser) will not be liable to the Company or to the Unitholders for any loss suffered by the Company or the Unitholders which arises out of any action or inaction of the Adviser taken or made by the Adviser in good faith and in the belief that such action or inaction is in or is not contrary to the best interests of the Company, except for any loss resulting from fraud, willful misfeasance, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties of the Adviser in the conduct of the Adviser s office, and except as otherwise required by applicable law. In addition, the Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Adviser, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, against any loss resulting from claims or threatened claims with respect to the Adviser s performance or non-performance
 of its obligations pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, except for any such loss resulting from fraud, willful misfeasance, gross negligence or reckless disregard of duties of the Adviser in the conduct of the Adviser s office. 
 Adviser Clawback 

Prior to an Exchange Listing, and in connection with the liquidation of the Company, the Adviser will be required to restore funds to the Company for distribution to the Unitholders if and to the extent that the Adviser has received cumulative Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fees in excess of the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fees that would have been payable to the Adviser if the formulas set forth under Compensation of Adviser Incentive Fee

 above were applied on an aggregate basis covering all transactions of the Company; provided, however, that in no event will the Adviser be required to contribute an aggregate amount in excess of 100 of the net amount distributed to the Adviser (net of taxes) on account of its Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fees. In addition, the Adviser will apply an interim Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee adjustment at the end of each fiscal year so that, in the event of any over-distribution of Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee to the Adviser (measured with respect to each Unitholder at the end of the applicable fiscal year as if the Company were to liquidate on such date), future distributions that would, absent such interim incentive fee adjustment, otherwise be distributed to the Adviser as a Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee, shall be distributed to such Unitholder until such over-distribution (net of taxes payable by the Adviser with respect to such Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee) has been eliminated. 
 Administration Services 

Pre-Exchange
 Listing
. Prior to an Exchange Listing, pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the Adviser was appointed to provide administrative and coordination services to the Company (in such capacity, the Administrative Coordinator ). The Administrative Coordinator supervises or provides the Company s administrative services, including operational trade support, net asset value NAV calculations, financial reporting, fund accounting, registrar and transfer agent services. The Administrative Coordinator provides assistance to the Adviser in connection with communicating with investors and other persons with respect to the Company. The Administrative Coordinator will not provide any investment advisory or investment management services to the Company. In the event that the Administrative Coordinator is terminated or resigns as the administrative coordinator to the Company, the Company reserves the ability to appoint one or more different or replacement administrative coordinators in its sole discretion at any time without notice to the Unitholders. Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the Company pays the Administrative Coordinator the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fee for its services. See Administration Fees and Expenses

. 

8 

Table of Contents 
 The Investment Management Agreement contains limitations on liability and indemnifications in favor of the Administrative Coordinator, provided that the Administrative Coordinator s actions do not constitute fraud, bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct (collectively, Wrongful Conduct ). The Administrative Coordinator s liability to the Company is subject to an overall cap (except where the Administrative Coordinator has engaged in Wrongful Conduct). In the event that the Administrative Coordinator is terminated or resigns as the administrative coordinator to the Company, the Board reserves the ability to appoint one or more different or replacement administrative coordinators in its sole discretion at any time without notice to the Unitholders, or to assume the Administrative Coordinator s role on the same or similar terms in providing administration services to the Company. 

 Concurrent with the review and approval of the Investment Management Agreement, our Board will review and approve the engagement of the Administrative Coordinator on an annual basis. In connection with such approval, the Board, including a majority of independent directors, reviews the engagement of the Administrative Coordinator to determine that the relevant provisions of the Investment Management Agreement are carried out satisfactorily and to determine, among other things, whether the fees payable to the Administrative Coordinator are reasonable in light of the services provided. The Board also considers the possibility of obtaining such services from a different third party and whether any other third party service provider would be capable of providing all such services at comparable cost, quality and timeliness. 

 Post-Exchange Listing
. As described above, in connection with an Exchange Listing, and subject to Board approval, the Company intends to enter into an administration agreement with SCM pursuant to which SCM will provide administrative services to the Company. For providing these services, facilities and personnel, the Company will reimburse SCM for the Company s allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by SCM in performing its obligations under the administration agreement. 
 Payment of Our Expenses under the Investment Management Agreement 

The Company (directly or indirectly) bears: 

(i) 
 all of its fees, costs, expenses and liabilities, all of its investment-related fees, costs, expenses and liabilities (including with respect to amounts incurred prior to the Company s initial closing) and all of its other operating fees, costs, expenses and liabilities, including all fees, due diligence costs and other fees, costs, expenses and liabilities related to the identification, sourcing, evaluation, pursuit, acquisition, holding, appraisals, asset management, restructuring and disposing of investments, including all reasonable travel-related fees, costs, expenses and liabilities, including lodging and meals, all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of legal counsel and financial and other advisers incurred in connection therewith, all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of information technology services relating to the ongoing management of investments, and all other investment-related fees, costs, expenses and liabilities (to the extent not reimbursed by the relevant portfolio company); 

(ii) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities related to any audits or agreed upon procedures, tax forms and return preparations and filings, custodian fees and expenses, fund accounting, administrator services, financial statement preparation and reporting, web services for the benefit of Unitholders, delivery costs and expenses in connection with reporting obligations and communications and compliance services; 

(iii) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities relating to insurance policies (including director and officer liability insurance) maintained by or for the Company, including in respect of Portfolio Investments and/or personnel of the Adviser, the Administrative Coordinator and their affiliates; 

(iv) 
 other administrative fees, costs, and liabilities; 

(v) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of brokers, transaction finders and other intermediaries, including brokerage commissions and spreads, and all other transaction-related fees, costs, expenses and liabilities, including reverse break-up
 fees; 

(vi) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities relating to derivatives and hedging transactions; 

(vii) 
 all principal amounts of, and interest expense on, borrowings and guarantees, and all other fees, costs, expenses and liabilities arising out of borrowings and guarantees, including the arranging and maintenance thereof, whether incurred by the Company or incurred or facilitated by a special purpose vehicle that makes Portfolio Investments; 

(viii) 
 Management Fees; 

9 

Table of Contents 

(ix) 
 Administration Expenses; 

(x) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities incurred through the use or engagement of Service Providers; 

(xi) 
 all taxes, fees, penalties and other governmental charges levied against the Company (see Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations

 below) and all fees, costs, expenses, penalties and liabilities related to tax compliance; 

(xii) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of the Company s legal counsel related to extraordinary matters, including expenses for any dispute resolution (including litigation and regulatory-related legal expenses); 

(xiii) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities relating to legal, governance and regulatory compliance and filings, including securities law filings relating to Portfolio Investments; 

(xiv) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities related to the Company s indemnification or contribution obligations; 

(xv) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities for subscription services (to the extent such subscription is required by a placement agent); 

(xvi) 
 any required regulatory filings and related legal fees; 

(xvii) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of liquidating the Company; 

(xviii) 
 transfer agent services; 

(xix) 
 any other fees, costs, expenses and liabilities not specifically assumed by the Adviser or the Administrative Coordinator; 

(xx) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of the independent directors, including resources retained by the independent directors, or on their behalf, while representing and/or acting on behalf of all Unitholders; and 

(xxi) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities related to an Exchange Listing (including any transactions effectuated in connection therewith) or other business combination. 

In addition, prior to an Exchange Listing, the aggregate amount of the operating expenses relating to Unitholders investing directly in the Company set forth in clauses (ii)-(iv) and the operating expenses included in sub-clauses
 (xiii) and (xvi) related to U.S. regulatory bodies above borne by the Company (directly or indirectly) will not exceed the following limits in any fiscal year: (A) if the Company has less than or equal to 400 million in Commitments, an amount equal to the sum of (x) the product of the Commitments and 0.0025 and (y) 1.25 million, or (B) if the Company has greater than 400 million in Commitments, 2.25 million (such figure, the Operating Expense Cap ). Any amount in excess of the Operating Expense Cap for any fiscal year will be paid by the Adviser. Solely by way of example, if Commitments equal 350,000,000, the Operating Expense Cap will be equal to 2,125,000. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Operating Expense Cap will not apply to any fees, costs, expenses and liabilities allocable to persons investing indirectly in the Company through any Unitholder or in connection with (xxi) above, (ii) the Company will not bear the costs of any third-party valuation agent engaged solely for purposes of valuing the Company s portfolio investments at each quarter end and (iii) the Operating Expense Cap will no longer apply upon the effectuation of an Exchange Listing. 
 The Adviser or Administrative Coordinator and/or their affiliates may advance to the Company organizational fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of the Company, including legal expenses, incurred in connection with the initial offering of Units and the formation and establishment of the Company (the Organizational Expenses ). The Adviser or Administrative Coordinator (or such affiliate) will be reimbursed by the Company for such advanced expenses in an amount not to exceed 500,000. The Company will be responsible for and pay (or reimburse) the Organizational Expenses subject to the cap described in the preceding sentence. Accordingly, in 2021, 0.2 million of offering expenses were charged to capital and 0.2 million of organizational costs were expensed. 

10 

Table of Contents 
 Placement Agreement 

The Company has retained certain third parties to find potential investors (i.e., a placement agent ). If an investor purchases Units through a placement agent, the Adviser may be subject to finder-related fees, the arrangements of which are set forth in detail in our Private Placement Memorandum. 

 Use of Name 

Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, SLR has granted us a non-exclusive
 license to use the name SLR HC BDC LLC as the name of the Company and in connection with the marketing and operation of the Company. We have a right to use the SLR HC BDC LLC name for so long as the Adviser or one of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the SLR HC BDC LLC name or logo. 

Market Opportunity 

The Company focuses on providing private corporate loans to middle market companies within the healthcare industry. We believe that the Company is well-positioned to provide a superior risk-adjusted return relative to publicly-traded corporate bonds and loans for the following reasons: 

 Resilient and defensive industry: 

The healthcare sector has historically been insulated from business cycle fluctuations and may act as a hedge against an extended economic slowdown. 

Ripe for consolidation and innovation: 

Digitization of healthcare services provides opportunities for private solutions to reduce costs through revenue cycle management, care coordination and drug discovery, which presents opportunities for investors to support healthcare IT and medical technology companies. 

Favorable long-term supply-demand dynamics in U.S. middle market lending which benefit lenders 

Robust demand for debt capital to fund private equity transactions

Middle market debt capital raised in the last few years is not expected to meet demand

Premium pricing in private corporate loans over public high yield and syndicated leveraged loans and healthcare outperformance 

Capturing illiquidity premiums:

 The illiquid nature of private corporate loans results in lenders earning an illiquidity premium over public high yield and syndicated leveraged loans. 

Capturing size and risk premium:

 Middle market lenders also typically receive a premium relative to larger company loan investors to compensate them for investing in smaller companies and in niche industries. Middle market companies tend to be less followed by investors and research analysts and typically have lower ratings from ratings agencies due to their size. As a result, we expect that there will be a smaller investor base while demand will remain robust, resulting in premium pricing for middle market borrowers. 

Capitalizing on market inefficiencies:

 We believe that the market inefficiencies are greater in the private middle market, which allows lenders to capture higher risk-adjusted returns. We believe that, among others, the drivers of middle market inefficiencies include the following: information asymmetry, the analytical complexity in evaluating private middle market companies, the need for long-dated capital that typically requires higher return expectation, fewer and more sophisticated lenders, and the requirement to underwrite to maturity as opposed to a trade. 

Healthcare outperformance:

 Healthcare credit investments have historically outperformed broader averages. 

11 

Table of Contents 
 Stronger underwriting process in private corporate loans versus public syndicated leveraged loans 

Deeper due diligence

: Private corporate lenders are typically able to conduct detailed due diligence on a company, often alongside the financial sponsor acquiring the company, which provides the lender significantly more time to form a more comprehensive understanding of the company, including its competitive position and risks. In contrast, public high yield and syndicated leveraged loan investors are typically provided a single syndication meeting and minimal access to diligence materials before placing their order. 

Inclusion of covenants

: Covenants are contractual restrictions that lenders place on companies to limit the corporate actions a company can pursue that are negative to the lender and act as warning signals for lenders. The loans in which the Company is expected to invest are expected to have comprehensive covenants including covenants that are tested on a recurring basis to ensure ongoing compliance (i.e., maintenance covenants ). Although syndicated leveraged loans have covenants, many are covenant-lite, which means they do not have a complete set of financial covenants, thus providing borrower companies more freedom to negatively impact lenders. High yield bonds provide even weaker protection for lenders because they typically have incurrence-based covenants, which are only tested if the company issues more debt. 

Ability to exert greater influence over the negotiation of lending terms

: Private corporate loan terms are negotiated directly by the lender(s) and the company, therefore removing the underwriting bank that negotiates the terms for public high yield or syndicated leveraged loans. This allows the private corporate lender to customize the terms to mitigate risks and address the unique needs of the company. 

Lower default rates and higher recovery rates

: The more comprehensive underwriting process for private corporate loans has resulted in historically lower default rates and higher recovery rates than syndicated loans. 
 
 Investment Guidelines 

The Company has a broad, flexible investment mandate, and the Company is not subject to any investment guidelines, limitations or restrictions other than as set forth below. Interpretation of the application of the guidelines described below will be made by the Adviser in its sole discretion, and any guideline generally will be measured, if applicable, at the time such investment is made based upon good faith estimates using data known to the Adviser at such time. The Company will not be required to take any action (including unwinding or liquidating any position) in the event that such guideline is exceeded subsequent to the investment date, whether as a result of changes in the market value of the Company s portfolio or otherwise. 

 The Company uses reasonable best efforts to achieve the guidelines set forth herein. For purposes of such guidelines, (i) the Company s total portfolio will equal the total amount of Commitments plus the Company s total expected leverage, as reasonably determined by the Adviser and (ii) the Adviser will take into account the underlying portfolio of any company the Company may acquire. In addition, the Adviser may consider the impact of hedging transactions, and of cash and cash equivalents in the portfolio, in applying the below guidelines: 

at least 90 of the Company s total portfolio will be comprised of secured loans; 

at least 85 of the Company s total portfolio will be comprised of floating rate loans; 

no more than 15 of the Company s total portfolio will consist of loans to lower middle market (i.e.

, EBITDA below 15 million) corporate borrowers provided

, however

, that such guideline will not apply to Life Sciences borrowers); 

the Company will take no more than four (4) positions greater than 7.5 of the Company s total portfolio, and the balance of the Company s positions will each comprise 5 , directly or indirectly, or less of the Company s total portfolio; 

the Company s 10 largest positions will comprise no more than 60 of the Company s total portfolio; 

the Company s portfolio will be comprised of investments in the United States and Canada, provided that up to 7.5 of the total portfolio may be outside of the United States and Canada; and 

the target percentage of the Company s Life Sciences lending investments will be 15 to 20 of the Company s total portfolio. 

12 

Table of Contents 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the guidelines will in no way restrict or otherwise limit the Company s ability to acquire an investment in an issuer that is sufficiently large (as determined by the Adviser in its discretion) to enable the Company to influence or control any restructuring, work-out
 and/or bankruptcy process in accordance with the Company s investment program. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, these investment guidelines are not deemed to be the type of policies referenced in Section 8(b) of the 1940 Act. The foregoing guidelines will no longer be applicable upon the occurrence of an Exchange Listing. 

 Leverage 

The Company is required to comply with the asset coverage requirements of the 1940 Act. The Company employs leverage and otherwise incurs indebtedness with respect to the portfolio both on a recourse and non-recourse
 basis (including and potentially through guarantees, derivatives, forward commitments and reverse repurchase agreements), but will not exceed the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. The Company is generally permitted, under specified conditions, to issue senior securities in amounts such that the Company s asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after such issuance. In connection with the organization of the Company, the Adviser, as the initial Unitholder, has authorized the Company to adopt the 150 asset coverage ratio. In connection with their subscriptions for Units, our Unitholders are required to acknowledge the Company s ability to operate with an asset coverage ratio that may be as low as 150 . The Company will be exposed to the risks of leverage, which may be considered a speculative investment technique. The use of leverage magnifies the potential for gain and loss on amounts invested and therefore increases the risks associated with investing in our securities. In addition, the costs associated with our borrowings, including any increase in the management fee payable to the Adviser, will be borne by our Unitholders. 
 Investment Process Overview 

We are committed to our value-oriented investment philosophy, with a focus on the preservation of capital and a commitment to managing downside exposure. 

 Proprietary Sourcing and Origination 

We believe that SLR s senior investment professionals longstanding relationships with financial sponsors, corporate management teams, commercial and investment banks and other financial intermediaries provide us with a strong pipeline of proprietary origination opportunities. We believe the broad experience of our senior investment team and their ability to draw upon their average of approximately 30 years of experience enables us to identify, assess and structure investments successfully. 

 We expect that the Company will benefit from SLR s extensive experience investing in middle market companies in the healthcare industry. With the benefit of billions of dollars of debt investments made to hundreds of companies, SLR has developed an extensive database of information on middle market issuers and industries. The Adviser s investment team is expected to include a number of SLR s specialists in healthcare cash flow lending to sponsor backed companies as well as life science lending. We believe that the in-depth
 experience of SLR s investment team in investing throughout various stages of the economic cycle provides us with access to ongoing market insights in addition to a powerful asset for investment sourcing. 
 Our senior investment team s strong relationship network is enhanced by the collaborative role SLR plays in the private equity industry. SLR is an independent credit platform that does not pursue traditional private equity strategies, so the Company is not expected to be seen as a competitive threat to financial sponsors seeking to acquire a company. Our ability to offer tailored solutions, certainty of capital and scale is expected to provide us with greater deal flow. We also expect that our reputation as a constructive partner and a flexible solutions provider with a proven ability to evaluate highly complex situations is likely to result in the ability to source a significant number of investment opportunities for the Company. Additionally, SLR is well-known for its deep experience in healthcare transactions and ability to provide quick and constructive feedback to financial sponsors. Furthermore, SLR s investment team has a well-developed network of relationships that includes industry executives, consultants, traders, brokers, advisors, lawyers, accountants, investment bankers and other industry sources, which can result in early notification of developing investment opportunities. 

 Corporate Cash Flow Lending Sponsor Coverage 

Our cash flow origination strategy is driven by a rigorous analysis of the healthcare sub-sectors
 that we believe benefit from strong macroeconomic tail winds by reducing costs to the overall healthcare system by investing in healthcare companies that provide services, products and technologies that improve the efficiency and reduce the cost of existing products and services. We seek to find businesses that reward value based care and have significant customer and location diversity. We specifically 

13 

Table of Contents 
 avoid subsectors that are subject to consumer discretion or are subject to government policy stroke of the pen risk i.e.,

 the risk that a change in the rules governing the sub-sector
 in which the portfolio company operates could impair the portfolio company s financial performance). SLR s underwriters provide clear guidelines to our origination team on the target subsectors that form our areas of focus. Origination efforts are aligned to work with sponsors and management teams who have deep healthcare expertise and longstanding successful track records in the healthcare industry. These sponsors tend to have a deeper understanding of the complexities involved with healthcare companies, given their involvement with multiple portfolio companies in the healthcare space, and can leverage industry relationships with payors and management teams. Our origination efforts represent a highly targeted, proactive approach to finding investments in segments consistent with our underwriting philosophy. 
 SLR s investment team works in concert with sponsors to proactively manage investment opportunities by acting as a partner throughout the investment process. We actively focus on the middle-market financial sponsor community, with a particular focus on the upper-end
 of the middle-market (i.e., sponsors with equity funds of 500 million to 5 billion). We favor such sponsors because they typically: 

Buy larger companies with strong business franchises; 

Invest significant amounts of equity in their portfolio companies; 

Value flexibility and creativity in structuring their transactions; 

Possess longer track records over multiple investment funds; 

Have a deeper management bench by investing in healthcare companies that provide services, products and technologies that improve the efficiency and reduce the cost of existing products and services 

Have a better ability to withstand downturns; and 

Possess the ability to support portfolio companies with additional capital. 

We divide our coverage of these sponsors among our more senior investment professionals, who are responsible for day-to-day

 interaction with financial sponsors. Our coverage approach aims to act proactively, provide quick feedback, deliver on commitments, and are constructive throughout the life cycle of an investment. 
 On average, over 100 healthcare cash flow transaction opportunities are screened each year with less than 5 of all opportunities sourced, closed and funded. 

 Life Science Lending 

SLR employs a direct origination strategy for life science investment opportunities that leverages its deep-rooted relationships and reputation established over its history. The team directly generates deal flow through targeted company management contact and through venture capital and private equity sponsor coverage. Frequently, these equity investors will connect SLR to portfolio companies with non-dilutive
 debt financing investment needs. We maintain strong relationships and frequent contact with other like-minded bank and non-bank
 lenders that leads to a large number of refinancing and new deal opportunities. In addition, market intermediaries may connect SLR s team to many healthcare companies who have chosen to outsource the debt financing procurement process. 
 On average, approximately 100 life science investment opportunities are screened per year through SLR team s multiple origination channels with expectations (based on SLR s historical data) of approximately 10 of all opportunities sourced to be closed and funded. Prior to joining SLR in 2014, the life science team originated approximately 2.1 billion of life science investments while at GE Capital. 

 Due Diligence 

Our private equity approach to credit investing typically incorporates extensive in-depth
 due diligence often alongside the financial sponsor. In conducting due diligence, we use publicly available information as well as information from the investment team s extensive relationships with former and current management teams, consultants, competitors and investment bankers. We also leverage proprietary insights from SLR s healthcare ABL platform. Managed by senior leadership with an average of over 30 years of credit experience, SLR s healthcare ABL platform has unique insights into a wide array of healthcare sub-specialties,
 industry developments and reimbursement trends. We believe our due diligence methodology allows us to screen a high volume of potential investment opportunities on a consistent and thorough basis. Furthermore, we believe that the combination of our extensive industry knowledge and relationships provide the Company a significant advantage in identifying potential risks. 

14 

Table of Contents 
 Our due diligence typically includes: 

review of historical and prospective financial information, including the quality and collectability of receivables; 

review and valuation of assets, including appraisals; 

research relating to the company s management, industry, markets, products and services and competitors; 

review of the reimbursement environment and trends, including the diversity of reimbursement codes; 

review of the payor mix; 

on-site
 visits; 

discussions with management, employees, customers or vendors of the potential portfolio company; 

review of material legal documents and legal issues; 

review of third party due diligence report including quality of earnings, field exams, industry reports; and 

background investigations on management and the company. 

We also expect to evaluate the financial sponsor making the investment. Given the nuances involved in healthcare investing, a sponsor with deep industry knowledge and experience is incredibly important. Further, due to SLR s considerable repeat business with sponsors, the Adviser s investment team has direct experience with the management teams of many sponsors. A financial sponsor is typically the controlling shareholder upon completion of an investment and as such is considered critical to the success of the investment. The financial sponsor is evaluated using several key criteria, including: 

healthcare investment track record; 

industry experience; 

capacity and willingness to provide additional financial support to the company through additional capital contributions, if necessary; and 

reference checks. 

Throughout the due diligence process, a deal team is in frequent dialogue with the management team and sponsor of the company in which we are considering investing to ensure that any concerns are addressed as early as possible through the process, which we believe increases the likelihood that unsuitable investments are filtered out before considerable time has been invested. 

 Upon the completion of due diligence and a decision to proceed with an investment in a company, the investment professionals leading the investment present the investment opportunity to the Investment Committee, which then determines the amount of the initial investment. Additional due diligence with respect to any investment may be conducted on our behalf by attorneys and independent accountants prior to the closing of the investment, as well as other outside advisers, as appropriate. 

 Portfolio Company Characteristics 

We have identified several criteria that we believe are important in identifying and investing in prospective portfolio companies. These criteria provide general guidelines for investment decisions; however, not all of these criteria will be met by each prospective portfolio company in which we choose to invest. 

15 

Table of Contents 
 Upper Middle Market Corporate Cash Flow Healthcare Lending 

In our cash flow segment, we seek to make investments in sponsor-backed upper middle-market healthcare companies generating stable and recurring cash flows which are positioned for growth. The businesses we target are those capitalizing on the evolution of the healthcare sector by delivering innovative products and services or who are reducing overall costs to the system through greater scale and improved operational efficiency. We favor investments in businesses that emphasize quality over quantity of care, have low reimbursement risk and significant diversity of revenue streams and payors. Often, the sponsor s investment thesis includes acquisitive growth which allows us to increase the size of our investment in a given business as add-on
 acquisitions are executed. 
 We believe that businesses with these characteristics may help facilitate internally generated cash flow, leading to the payment of our interest and the repayment of our principal, represents a key means by which we will be able to exit from our investments over time. In addition, we also seek to invest in companies whose business models and expected future cash flows offer attractive exit possibilities. Upper middle-market companies in particular are attractive candidates for strategic acquisition by other industry participants and more likely to repay our investments through an initial public offering of common stock or another capital market transaction than smaller businesses. We underwrite our investments on a held-to-maturity

 basis, but expensive capital is often repaid prior to stated maturity. Historically, SLR s investments have averaged three-year hold periods. 

Well Positioned to Benefit from Macro Tailwinds in the Healthcare Sector

: We believe that companies that help to reduce overall costs in the healthcare sector are well positioned for long term growth. That includes businesses that emphasize quality of care over the quantity of procedures and increase efficiencies in the healthcare setting. We seek to avoid companies that have concentration in locations or reimbursement codes. 

Stable Earnings and Strong Free Cash Flow

: We seek to invest in companies that have demonstrated strong credit fundamentals with stable earnings through economic cycles. We target companies that we believe can de-lever
 through consistent generation of cash flows rather than relying solely on growth to service and repay our loans. We also believe that a key tenet of sustainable earnings in the healthcare sector is a stable reimbursement profile and we generally avoid investments for which the reimbursement profile is subject to stroke of pen risks (i.e., particularly sensitive to regulatory changes). 

Favorable Reimbursement Profile

: Our target borrowers benefit from a diversity of reimbursement codes and payors. A key risk inherent in the healthcare sector is a company s ability to collect on revenue billed to a patient s insurance. Through SLR s healthcare ABL platform we have unique insight on reimbursement trends across the healthcare services landscape. We plan to only invest in businesses whose revenue is diversified across a variety of reimbursement codes and we avoid lending to companies whose revenue is concentrated in codes we expect to suffer from fee compression. Further, we also avoid situations where borrowers generate a disproportionate amount of revenue from a single payor. 

Strong Competitive Position in Industry

: We seek to invest in target companies that have developed leading market positions within their respective markets and are well positioned to capitalize on growth opportunities. We seek to invest in companies that demonstrate significant competitive advantages versus their competitors, which we believe may help to protect their market position and profitability. 

Experienced and Committed Management

: We generally require that portfolio companies have an experienced management team. We also require portfolio companies have in place proper incentives to induce management to succeed and to act in concert with our interests as investors, including having significant equity interests. 

Strong Sponsorship

: We generally aim to invest alongside other sophisticated investors. We typically seek to partner with successful financial sponsors who have historically generated high returns with minimal losses and have demonstrated a strong healthcare track record. Healthcare investments in particular require a financial sponsor who has deep experience and knowledge of the healthcare sub-sectors
 as well as deep relationships within the industry to leverage both during due diligence and after investment. We believe that investing in these sponsors portfolio companies enables us to benefit from their direct involvement and due diligence. 

Exit Strategy

: We seek to invest predominantly in companies that provide multiple alternatives for an eventual exit such as an initial public offering IPO ), sale of company, refinancing of the capital structure, etc. 

16 

Table of Contents 
 Life Science Lending 

Focused Healthcare Investment Strategy

: We seek investments in private or publicly-traded small-cap
 drug and medical device companies with substantial equity invested to date who are in later stages of drug or product development and/or in transition to commercialization. Borrowers typically are led by strong management teams and board of directors with proven track records. Venture capital sponsors typically have continuing involvement and influence. In our experience, borrowers have typically successfully demonstrated access to the private and/or public equity markets and seek debt financing to broaden their funding sources and project stability. 

Value Orientation

: We focus on later stage development and commercial bio pharma and device companies with multi-product pipelines (post pre-clinical
 stage), platforms and/or disruptive technologies. Borrowers typically have had significant equity invested to date and have had support from venture capital firms and strategic investors. 

Senior secured, collateral-based underwriting

: Loans typically are made at conservative 20 -to-30 

 loan-to-value

 and are collateralized by all assets, including cash on the balance sheet from most recent equity round, and have a negative or full pledge on the intellectual property. The loans are structured to amortize on a straight-line basis after a period of interest only payments, resulting in significant de-risking
 of the investment and shorter weighted average holding periods. 

Sophisticated Knowledge Base and Industry Expertise

: Highly specialized, experienced and cohesive investment team which previously founded and managed GE Capital s life science loan business where they established a strong and consistent track record over a 13-year
 period. Team has extensive network of relationships with venture capital sponsors, management teams and strategic investors. 

Exit Strategy

: Exits typically occur 24-36 months
 after initial deal closing through refinancings, an IPO or sale of the company to a strategic buyer. 
 
 Investment Structure 

We invest in portfolio companies typically in the form of first lien senior secured loans. We obtain security interests in the assets of our portfolio companies that serve as collateral in support of the repayment of these loans. We expect that this collateral will take the form of first priority liens on all of the assets of a portfolio company. 

 Upper Middle Market Corporate Healthcare Cash Flow Lending 

Typically, we expect that the Company s senior secured loans to upper middle market healthcare companies will have a first priority lien on all of the assets of the issuer, will be floating rate with London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR floors, will include upfront fees and may include meaningful prepayment penalties. Covenants are typically included. The loans generally are expected to have a five to six year final maturity and are often repaid within three years. 

 Life Science Lending 

Typically, we expect that the Company s loans to life science companies will have a first priority lien, will be floating rate with LIBOR or SOFR floors, and will include meaningful prepayment penalties, exit fees and success fees or warrants. Warrants will generally have an exercise price based on the last private equity round valuation or average public trading price and, thus, as a portfolio company appreciates in value, the Company will be well-positioned to achieve additional investment returns from this equity interest. The loans generally are expected to have an initial interest-only period and then straight-line amortization with a four to five year final maturity. These loans are often repaid within two to three years. 

 Ongoing Relationships with Portfolio Companies 

We will monitor our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. We will monitor the financial trends of each portfolio company to determine if it is meeting its business plan and to assess the appropriate course of action for each company. 

 We have several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments, which include the following: 

Assessment of success in adhering to each portfolio company s business plan and compliance with covenants; 

17 

Table of Contents 

Periodic and regular contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor, to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments; 

Comparisons to portfolio companies of other SLR clients in the industry, if any; 

Review of any material changes to the industry, regulatory framework or reimbursement profile that could impact future performance; 

Attendance at and participation in board meetings (as an observer) or lender meetings; and 

Review of monthly and/or quarterly financial statements and financial projections for portfolio companies. 

Beyond monitoring financial and operating trends, SLR s healthcare expertise positions us to act as a value-added partner to private equity and venture capital sponsors throughout the course of an investment. In particular, we work collaboratively with sponsors and management teams to periodically re-assess
 the optimal capital structure of a portfolio company. Our ability to evaluate a business on the basis of cash flow, life science, and ABL capital solutions enables SLR to bring a differentiated, and highly valued, perspective to a given situation. Further, we regularly engage SLR s healthcare ABL platform to review a borrower s exposure to reimbursement codes and payors, and to advise on a portfolio company s future plans for adding additional services or engaging new payors. By working collaboratively with sponsors and management teams, we can help drive better outcomes for all investors. 
 In addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, the Adviser also uses an investment rating system to characterize and monitor our expected level of returns on each investment in our portfolio. 

 We use an investment rating scale of 1 to 4. The following is a description of the conditions associated with each investment rating: 

Investment Rating

Summary

1 
 
 Involves the least amount of risk in our portfolio, the portfolio company is performing above expectations, and the trends and risk factors are generally favorable (including a potential exit). 

2 
 
 Risk that is similar to the risk at the time of origination, the portfolio company is performing as expected, and the risk factors are neutral to favorable; all new investments are initially assessed a grade of 2. 

3 
 
 The portfolio company is performing below expectations, may be out of compliance with debt covenants, and requires procedures for closer monitoring. 

4 

The investment is performing well below expectations and is not anticipated to be repaid in full. 
 We monitor and, when appropriate, change the investment ratings assigned to each investment in our portfolio. 

 Competition 

Our primary competitors provide financing to middle-market companies and include other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and venture capital funds. Additionally, alternative investment vehicles, such as hedge funds, frequently invest in middle-market companies. As a result, competition for investment opportunities at middle-market companies can be intense. While many middle market companies were previously able to raise senior debt financing through traditional large financial institutions, we believe this approach to financing will become more difficult as implementation of U.S. and international financial reforms limits the capacity of large financial institutions to hold non-investment
 grade leveraged loans on their balance sheets. We believe that many of these financial institutions have de-emphasized
 their service and product offerings to middle market companies in particular. That said, many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC. We use the industry information available to Michael S. Gross and Bruce Spohler and the other investment professionals of SLR to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. In addition, we believe that the relationships of Michael S. Gross and Bruce Spohler and the other investment professionals of our investment adviser enable us to learn about, and compete effectively for, financing opportunities with attractive leveraged companies in the industries in which we seek to invest. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk Relating to Our Business and Structure 

 Competition; Potential for Insufficient Investment Opportunities. 

18 

Table of Contents 
 The Private Offering 

The Company is organized for investors who may invest through one or more investment funds created by one or more financial institutions unaffiliated with the Company (collectively, the Access Fund ). Certain other investors may also invest directly in the Company. For those investors who invest through the Access Fund, we expect the Access Fund will issue a pro rata interest to each investor in the Access Fund (the Access Fund LPs that, with respect to each Access Fund LP s investment in the Access Fund, corresponds to such Access Fund LP s pro rata share of the Units issued by the Company to the Access Fund. To purchase an interest in the Access Fund, each Access Fund LP will be required to represent that it is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited Investor promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). To purchase Units, investors must be Accredited Investors and qualified purchasers for purposes of Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, or knowledgeable employees or companies owned exclusively by knowledgeable employees for purposes of the rules promulgated under the 1940 Act. Any sale of Units outside of the United States will be conducted in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. We expect the Access Fund will pass its voting rights in respect of any Units of the Company held by the Access Fund through to the Access Fund LPs. 

 Closing 

The Company was permitted to hold closings at any time during the offering period (the Offering Period ), which ended on December 31, 2022. At each closing, investors made capital commitments to the Company (each, a Commitment pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with the Company (a Subscription Agreement ). Unitholders are required to make capital contributions, in an aggregate amount that does not exceed each Unitholder s remaining commitment, each time the Adviser delivers a capital call notice. Commitments will be drawn pro rata from Unitholders based on the relative unfunded commitment of each Unitholder on the date the capital call notice is issued. 

 Investment Period 

Commitments may be drawn down from time to time until the date that is the earlier of (x) an Exchange Listing (as defined below) or (y) four (4) years after the Company s final closing with the Access Fund, which was held on February 11, 2021 (such period, the Investment Period ). After the end of the Investment Period, Commitments may be called only to (i) make investments which were in process e.g.

, investments for which the Company has submitted a binding or non-binding
 bid or indication of interest) but were not yet consummated as of the end of the Investment Period, the Board having been notified of such Portfolio Investments, (ii) cover accrued and/or anticipated expenses, liabilities and obligations of the Company, including amounts owing or which may become due under any borrowings or other extensions of credit, (iii) make follow-on 
 investments as may be advisable in the Adviser s sole discretion in order to enhance, preserve or protect one or more of the Company s existing Portfolio Investments (subject to a maximum amount of 20 of aggregate Commitments), and (iv) adjust any hedging positions as the Adviser may deem advisable. 
 Term 

The term of the Company will be seven (7) years from the end of the Offering Period (unless the Company is terminated earlier or effectuates an Exchange Listing as set forth in the LLC Agreement), but may be extended by the Board for up to two (2) consecutive one-year
 periods upon approval of the Company s independent directors and the approval of Unitholders, which approval will be obtained through a non-1940
 Act vote. The Company may be dissolved and its affairs wound up prior to the end of the term under the circumstances set forth in the LLC Agreement. Unitholders generally will not be permitted to voluntarily withdraw or redeem their Units prior to the termination of the Company. 
 Exchange Listing 

At any time prior to the end of the Term, subject to any requirements of the 1940 Act and applicable law, the Board may, without the approval of Unitholders, cause the Units (or securities into which the Units are converted or exchanged) to be listed for trading on a national securities exchange (an Exchange Listing ). In connection with any such Exchange Listing, subject to any requirements of the 1940 Act and applicable law, the Board may, without the approval of Unitholders, cause the Company to complete (i) an initial public offering, (ii) a merger with another entity, including an affiliated company, subject to any limitations under the 1940 Act, (iii) the sale, exchange or disposition of all or a portion of the assets of the Company, or (iv) a conversion of the Company into a corporation incorporated in a state determined by the Board, either through a conversion in accordance with applicable law, a merger with or into an existing corporation, or otherwise, in which all Units will be converted into or exchanged for shares of common stock of the resulting corporation. 

19 

Table of Contents 
 If the Company is unable to effectuate an Exchange Listing prior to the end of the Term, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to wind down or liquidate pursuant to the procedures set forth in the LLC Agreement. 

 The Units are not currently listed on an exchange and given that we have no current intention of pursuing an Exchange Listing in the near term, it is unlikely that a secondary trading market will develop for the Units. In addition, given that there is no guarantee on if or when the Company will be able to consummate an Exchange Listing and the fact that the Company will not seek to wind down and/or liquidate and dissolve until the end of the Term, an investment in the Units is not suitable for investors that may need access to the money they invest in the foreseeable future. 

 Lock-Up
 Period 

 Prior to an Exchange Listing, and except as provided in the LLC Agreement, a Unitholder may not withdraw its capital contribution or sell, assign or transfer its Units without the prior written consent of the Adviser, which the Adviser may grant or withhold in its sole and absolute discretion. Following an Exchange Listing, during the Lock-Up
 Period (as defined below), a Unitholder will be restricted from: (1) offering, pledging, selling, contracting to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchasing any option or contract to sell, granting any option, right or warrant to purchase or otherwise transferring or disposing of, directly or indirectly, any Units, securities into which the Units are converted, or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any Units, or publicly disclosing the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, (2) entering into any swap or other arrangement that transfers all or a portion of the economic consequences associated with the ownership of Units or any such other securities (regardless of whether any of these transactions are to be settled by the delivery of Units or such other securities, in cash or otherwise), or (3) if applicable, making any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any Units or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Units. The Lock-Up
 Period is (i) 180 days after the date of an Exchange Listing for all Units held by a Unitholder, (ii) 270 days after the date of an Exchange Listing for two-thirds
 of the Units held by a Unitholder, and (iii) 365 days after the date of an Exchange Listing for one-third
 of the Units held by a Unitholder. The lock-up
 will apply to all Units acquired prior to an Exchange Listing, but will not apply to any securities of the Company acquired after the date of an Exchange Listing. 
 Emerging Growth Company 

We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2021 (the JOBS Act and we are eligible to take advantage of certain specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). We expect to remain an emerging growth company for up to five years following the completion of any Exchange Listing or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues equals or exceeds 1.07 billion, (ii) December 31 of the fiscal year that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act which would occur if the market value of our Units that is held by non-affiliates
 exceeds 700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter and we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 months or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible
 debt securities during the preceding three-year period. In addition, we will take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 
 Staffing 

We do not currently have any employees. Mr. Gross, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, President and a board member, and Mr. Spohler, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and a board member, are managing members and senior investment professionals of, and have financial and controlling interests in, SLR. In addition, Richard Peteka, our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary serves as the Chief Financial Officer for SLR. Guy Talarico, our Chief Compliance Officer, is a managing director at ACA Group, LLC. 
 Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the Company has delegated full and exclusive authority and responsibility to the Adviser to invest, reinvest and dispose of the assets of the Company, and (together with the Administrative Coordinator) to manage the day-to-day

 operations of the Company, subject to the overall supervision of the Board. The Adviser is authorized to delegate all, or any such part as it deems appropriate, of its discretionary management and investment advisory authority and responsibility to any of its members or their respective affiliates. 

20 

Table of Contents 
 Key Person Event 

Prior to the earlier of (i) an Exchange Listing and (ii) the end of the Investment Period, if any two of Michael Gross, Bruce Spohler, Anthony Storino or Julie Reyes (the Principals die, become permanently incapacitated or cease to be actively involved in the management of the Company, the Investment Period will terminate and the Company will be wound down in accordance with the terms of the LLC Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, if only one of the Principals dies, becomes permanently incapacitated, or ceases to be actively involved in the management of the Company, the preceding sentence will not be triggered. 

 Prior to an Exchange Listing, if any two of the Principals voluntarily ceases to be actively involved in the management of the Company, the Company will suspend the Investment Period. If acceptable replacements for each Principal are not identified and approved by (i) the independent directors of the Company and (ii) a majority of the Unitholders, subject to any requirements of the 1940 Act, within 90 days following the suspension of the Investment Period, the Investment Period will terminate and all new investment activity will cease. 

 For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions described in this Key Person Event

 will not apply upon the effectuation of an Exchange Listing. 
 Regulation as a Business Development Company 

A BDC is regulated by the 1940 Act. A BDC must be organized in the U.S. for the purpose of investing in or lending to primarily private companies and making significant managerial assistance available to those investments that constitute qualifying assets (discussed below). A BDC may use capital provided by public unitholders and from other sources to make long-term, private investments in businesses. 

 The Company may not change the nature of its business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of outstanding voting securities, as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. However, by signing a Subscription Agreement with the Company, each Unitholder is providing the approval required by the 1940 Act to effectuate the withdrawal of the Company s election to be regulated as a BDC (i) concurrently with the liquidation or dissolution of the Company, or (ii) in connection with an Exchange Listing (including any transaction effectuated in connection therewith), provided that the exchange-listed successor entity has elected to be regulated as a BDC. The Company does not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 

 As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of the Company s directors must be persons who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. Additionally, the Company is required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, as a BDC, the Company is prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to the Company or its Unitholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 

 As a BDC, the Company is required to meet an asset coverage ratio, reflecting the value of our total assets to our total senior securities, which include all of our borrowings and any preferred units we may issue in the future, of at least 150 . The Company may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. 

 On June 13, 2017, SLR received an exemptive order that permits the Company to participate in negotiated co-investment
 transactions with certain affiliates, in a manner consistent with the Company s investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, and pursuant to various conditions (the Order ). If the Company is unable to rely on the Order for a particular opportunity, such opportunity will be allocated first to the entity whose investment strategy is the most consistent with the opportunity being allocated, and second, if the terms of the opportunity are consistent with more than one entity s investment strategy, on an alternating basis. Although the Adviser s investment professionals will endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner, the Company and its Unitholders could be adversely affected to the extent investment opportunities are allocated among us and other investment vehicles managed or sponsored by, or affiliated with, our executive officers, directors and members of the Adviser. 

21 

Table of Contents 
 The Company is generally not able to issue and sell Units at a price below NAV per Unit without Unitholder approval. The Company may, however, in accordance with the conditions set forth in Section 63(2) of the 1940 Act, sell Units, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our Units, at a price below the then-current NAV of the Units if the Board determines that such sale is in the best interests of the Company and the Unitholders, and the Unitholders approve such sale. 

 The Company will be periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the federal securities laws, including the 1940 Act. 

 Qualifying Assets 

Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the BDC s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 

(1) 
 Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

(a) 
 is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the U.S.; 

(b) 
 is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC); and 

(c) 
 satisfies any of the following: 

i. 
 does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 

ii. 
 has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting
 common equity of less than 250 million; 

iii. 
 is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 

iv. 
 is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million. 

(2) 
 Securities of any eligible portfolio company which the Company controls, which, as defined by the 1940 Act, is presumed to exist where a BDC beneficially owns more than 25 of the outstanding voting securities of the portfolio company. 

(3) 
 Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

(4) 
 Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and the Company already owns 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

22 

Table of Contents 

(5) 
 Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

(6) 
 Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

(7) 
 Office furniture and equipment, interests in real estate and leasehold improvements and facilities maintained to conduct the business operations of the BDC, deferred organization and operating expenses, and other noninvestment assets necessary and appropriate to its operations as a BDC, including notes of indebtedness of directors, officers, employees, and general partners held by a BDC as payment for securities of such company issued in connection with an executive compensation plan described in Section 57(j) of the 1940 Act. 

Under Section 55(b) of the 1940 Act, the value of a BDC s assets shall be determined as of the date of the most recent financial statements filed by such company with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 of the 1934 Act, and shall be determined no less frequently than annually. 

 Significant Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 

As a BDC, the Company offers, and must provide upon request, significant managerial assistance to its portfolio companies that constitute qualifying assets. This assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. The Company may also receive fees for these services. The Administrative Coordinator provides such managerial assistance, if any, on the Company s behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. 

 Temporary Investments 

Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, the Company s investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality investment grade debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of the Company s assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or other short-term, U.S. government securities, including agencies, or in repurchase agreements, provided that such repurchase agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as the Company, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of the Company s assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of the Company s total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, the Company would not meet the diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, the Company does not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. The Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 

 Senior Securities 

The Company is permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of units senior to Units if asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while certain senior securities remain outstanding, the Company must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to Unitholders or the repurchase of such securities or units unless the Company meets the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. The Company may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of the Company s total assets for temporary purposes, which borrowings would not be considered senior securities. The Company s borrowings, whether for temporary purposes or otherwise, are subject to the asset coverage requirements of section 61(a)(1) of the 1940 Act. The Company may borrow money, which would magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in the Company. 

 Code of Ethics 

The Company and the Adviser have each adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1
 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1
 under the Advisers Act, respectively, which establish procedures for personal investments and restricts certain transactions by personnel. The codes of ethics generally does not permit investments by employees in securities that may be purchased or held by the Company. Each code of ethics is available on the EDGAR database on the SEC s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov
. You may also obtain copies of the code of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following email address: publicinfo@sec.gov
. 

23 

Table of Contents 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 

We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to the Adviser. A summary of the Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of our adviser are set forth below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by the Adviser and our non-interested
 directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, the Adviser has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, it recognizes that it must vote securities held by its clients in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest. These policies and procedures for voting proxies for investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6
 under, the Advisers Act. 
 The Adviser votes proxies relating to our portfolio securities in the best interest of Unitholders. The Adviser reviews on a case-by-case

 basis each proposal submitted for a proxy vote to determine its impact on our investments. Although it generally votes against proposals that may have a negative impact on our investments, it may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. The proxy voting decisions of the Adviser are made by the senior investment professionals who are responsible for monitoring each of our investments. To ensure that our vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, it requires that: (i) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to a managing member of the Adviser any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (ii) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 You may obtain information about how we voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: SLR Capital Partners LLC, 500 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022. 

 Privacy Policy 

We endeavor to maintain the privacy of our recordholders and to safeguard their non-public
 personal information. The following information is provided to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. 
 Generally, we will not receive any non-public
 personal information about recordholders of the units of the Company, although certain of our recordholders non-public
 information may become available to us. The non-public
 personal information that we may receive falls into the following categories: 

Information we receive from recordholders, whether we receive it orally, in writing or electronically. This includes recordholders communications to us concerning their investment; 

Information about recordholders transactions and history with us; and 

Other general information that we may obtain about recordholders, such as demographic and contact information such as address. 

We disclose non-public
 personal information about recordholders: 

to our affiliates (such as SLR) and their employees for everyday business purposes; 

to our service providers (such as our accountants, attorneys, custodians, transfer agent, underwriter and proxy solicitors) and their employees as is necessary to service recordholder accounts or otherwise provide the applicable service; 

to comply with court orders, subpoenas, lawful discovery requests, or other legal or regulatory requirements; or 

as allowed or required by applicable law or regulation. 

24 

Table of Contents 
 When the Company shares non-public
 recordholder personal information referred to above, the information is made available for limited business purposes and under controlled circumstances designed to protect our recordholders privacy. The Company does not permit use of recordholder information for any non-business
 or marketing purpose, nor does the Company permit third parties to rent, sell, trade or otherwise release or disclose information to any other party. 
 The Company s service providers, such as SLR and its transfer agent, are required to maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect recordholder non-public
 personal information; to prevent unauthorized access or use; and to dispose of such information when it is no longer required. 
 Personnel of affiliates may access recordholder information only for business purposes. The degree of access is based on the sensitivity of the information and on personnel need for the information to service a recordholder s account or comply with legal requirements. 

 If a recordholder ceases to be a recordholder, we will adhere to the privacy policies and practices as described above. We may choose to modify our privacy policies at any time. Before we do so, we will notify recordholders and provide a description of our privacy policy. 

 In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets, we reserve the right to transfer your non-public
 personal information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets. 
 Reporting Obligations 

We furnish our Unitholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements, quarterly reports, and such other periodic reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required by law. We are required to comply with all periodic reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under the 1934 Act. 

 The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed electronically by us with the SEC, which are available on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov

. Copies of these reports, proxy and information statements and other information may be obtained, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following e-mail
 address: publicinfo@sec.gov
. 
 Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 

The following discussion is a general summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to the Company and to an investment in Units. This discussion is based on the provisions of the Code and the regulations of the U.S. Department of Treasury promulgated thereunder, or Treasury regulations, each as in effect as of the date of this report. 

 These provisions are subject to differing interpretations and change by legislative or administrative action, and any change may be retroactive. This discussion does not constitute a detailed explanation of all U.S. federal income tax aspects affecting the Company and its Unitholders and does not purport to deal with the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be important to particular Unitholders in light of their individual investment circumstances or to some types of Unitholders subject to special tax rules, such as financial institutions, broker dealers, insurance companies, tax-exempt
 organizations, persons holding Units in connection with a hedging, straddle, conversion or other integrated transaction, investors who are subject to the special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the Code, Non-U.S.
 Unitholders (as defined below) engaged in a trade or business in the U.S., persons who have ceased to be U.S. citizens or to be taxed as resident aliens or individual Non-U.S.
 Unitholders present in the U.S. for 183 days or more during a taxable year. This discussion also does not address any aspects of U.S. estate or gift tax or foreign, state or local tax. This discussion assumes that Unitholders hold their Units as capital assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes (generally, assets held for investment). The Company has not requested a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, or opinion of counsel regarding any matter discussed herein. 
 For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. Unitholder is a beneficial owner of Units that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 

an individual who is a citizen or resident of the U.S.; 

a corporation created or organized in or under the laws of the U.S., any state therein or the District of Columbia; 

25 

Table of Contents 

an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 

a trust if a court within the U.S. is able to exercise primary jurisdiction over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust. 

For purposes of this discussion, a Non-U.S.
 Unitholder means a beneficial owner of Units that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is not a U.S. Unitholder or a partnership (or other entity classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes). 
 If a partnership (or other entity classified as a partnership, for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds Units, the treatment of the partnership and each partner for U.S. federal income tax purposes generally will depend on the status of the partner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner level. An investor considering an investment in a partnership that will invest in Units should consult the disclosure documents provided to such investor from such partnership in conjunction with this discussion to determine the applicability of this discussion to an indirect investment in Units through such partnership. In addition, such investor should consult its own tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of interests in a partnership and of Units by such partnership in light of such partner s particular circumstances. 

 Taxation of the Company 

The Company elected to be treated, and intends to qualify annually as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Subchapter M of the Code, commencing with taxable year ended December 31, 2021. As a RIC, the Company generally will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that it timely distributes to Unitholders as dividends. 

 To qualify as a RIC, the Company must, among other things: 

derive in each taxable year at least 90 of its gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale or other taxable disposition of stock, securities or foreign currencies, other income derived with respect to the business of investing in stock, securities or currencies, or net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership, or QPTP, hereinafter the 90 Gross Income Test; and 

diversify its holdings so that, at the end of each quarter of each taxable year: 

at least 50 of the value of its total assets is represented by cash and cash items, U.S. Government securities, the securities of other RICs and other securities, with other securities limited, in respect of any one issuer, to an amount not greater than 5 of the value of total assets and not more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer; and 

not more than 25 of the value of its total assets is invested in the securities of any issuer (other than U.S. Government securities and the securities of other RICs), the securities of any two or more issuers that the Company controls and that are determined to be engaged in the same business or similar or related trades or businesses, or the securities of one or more QPTPs, or the Diversification Tests. 

As a RIC, the Company (but not its Unitholders) is generally not subject to U.S. federal income tax on investment company taxable income and net capital gains that it timely distributes to Unitholders in any taxable year with respect to which it distributes an amount equal to at least 90 of the sum of its (i) investment company taxable income (which includes, among other items, dividends, interest and the excess of any net realized short-term capital gains over net realized long-term capital losses and other taxable income (other than any net capital gain), reduced by deductible expenses) determined without regard to the deduction for dividends and distributions paid and (ii) net tax-exempt
 interest income (which is the excess of gross tax-exempt
 interest income over certain disallowed deductions), or the Annual Distribution Requirement. The Company intends to distribute annually all or substantially all of such income. Generally, if the Company fails to meet this Annual Distribution Requirement for any taxable year, it will fail to qualify as a RIC for such taxable year. To the extent the Company meets the Annual Distribution Requirement for a taxable year, but retains net capital gains for investment or any investment company taxable income, it is subject to U.S. federal income tax on such retained capital gains and investment company taxable income. The Company may choose to retain net capital gains for investment or any investment company taxable income, and pay the associated corporate-level U.S. federal income tax, including the 4 U.S. federal excise tax described below. 

26 

Table of Contents 
 The Company is subject to a nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax on certain of its undistributed income, unless it timely distributes (or is deemed to have timely distributed) each calendar year an amount equal to the sum of: 

at least 98 of net ordinary income (not taking into account any capital gains or losses) for the calendar year; 

at least 98.2 of the amount by which capital gains exceed capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for a one-year
 period ending on October 31 of the calendar year; and 

100 of any ordinary income and net capital gain income recognized in preceding years, but were not distributed during such years, and on which the Company paid no corporate-level U.S. federal income tax. 

While the Company currently expects to distribute any income and capital gains in order to avoid the imposition of this 4 U.S. federal excise tax, it may not be successful in avoiding entirely the imposition of this tax. In that case, the Company will be liable for the tax only on the amount by which it does not meet the foregoing distribution requirement. 

The Company is authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements. However, under the 1940 Act, it is not permitted to make distributions to Unitholders while any senior securities are outstanding unless it meets the applicable asset coverage ratios. Moreover, the Company s ability to dispose of assets or otherwise distribute amounts necessary to meet distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of its portfolio, (2) other requirements relating to status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests and/or (3) the limitations under one or more of our credit facilities. If the Company disposes of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or to avoid the 4 U.S. federal excise tax, it may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 

A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses in excess of its investment company taxable income (which is, generally, ordinary income plus the excess of net short-term capital gains over net long-term capital losses). If the Company s expenses in a given year exceed investment company taxable income, it would experience a net operating loss for that year. However, a RIC is not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent years. In addition, expenses can be used only to offset investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. Due to these limits on the deductibility of expenses, the Company may, for tax purposes, have aggregate taxable income for several years that it is required to distribute and that is taxable to Unitholders even if such income is greater than the aggregate net income the Company actually earned during those years. Such required distributions may be made from cash assets or by liquidation of investments, if necessary. The Company may realize gains or losses from such liquidations. In the event the Company realizes net capital gains from such transactions, Unitholders may receive a larger capital gain distribution than they would have received in the absence of such transactions. 

Check-the-Box

 Election and Failure to be Taxed as a RIC 

In connection with the intention to be taxed as a RIC, the Company filed a check-the-box

 election to be classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, while the Company has elected and expects to qualify to be treated as a RIC annually, no assurance can be provided that it will qualify as a RIC for any taxable year. For example, the Company anticipates that it may have difficulty satisfying the Diversification Tests as it deploys initial capital and builds a portfolio. If the Company is subsequently unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC, and certain amelioration provisions are not applicable, it would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on all taxable income (including net capital gains) at regular corporate rates. The Company would not be able to deduct distributions to Unitholders, nor would distributions be required. Distributions, including distributions of net long-term capital gain, would generally be taxable to Unitholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of current and accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate Unitholders would be eligible to claim a dividend received deduction with respect to such dividend; non-corporate
 Unitholders would generally be able to treat such dividends as qualified dividend income, which is subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income tax. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the Unitholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. If the Company subsequently fails to qualify as a RIC, in order to requalify as a RIC, in addition to the other requirements discussed above, the Company would be required to distribute all previously undistributed earnings attributable to the period it failed to qualify as a RIC by the end of the first year that it intends to requalify as a RIC. If the Company fails to requalify as a RIC for a period greater than two taxable years, it may be subject to regular corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on any net built-in
 gains with respect to certain assets i.e.

, the excess of the aggregate gains, including items of income, over aggregate losses that would have been realized with respect to such assets if the Company had been liquidated) that it elects to recognize on requalification or when recognized over the next five years. 

 The remainder of this discussion assumes that the Company qualifies as a RIC for each taxable year. 

27 

Table of Contents 

Company Investments 

Certain investment practices are subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (i) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, including the dividends received deduction, (ii) convert lower taxed long-term capital gains and qualified dividend income into higher taxed short-term capital gains or ordinary income, (iii) convert ordinary loss or a deduction into capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (iv) cause the Company to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash, (v) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (vi) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions, or (vii) produce income that will not qualify as good income for purposes of the 90 Gross Income Test. The Company monitors transactions and may make certain tax elections and may be required to borrow money or dispose of securities to mitigate the effect of these rules and to prevent disqualification as a RIC but there can be no assurance of success in this regard. 

Taxable Subsidiaries
. Some of the income and fees that the Company may recognize will not satisfy the 90 Gross Income Test. In order to ensure that such income and fees do not disqualify the Company from RIC tax treatment as a result of a failure to satisfy the 90 Gross Income Test, the Company may hold assets that generate such income and provide services that generate such fees indirectly through one or more entities treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such corporations will be required to pay U.S. federal corporate income tax on their earnings, which ultimately will reduce the Company s return on such income and fees. 

 Passive Foreign Investment Companies
. If the Company purchases shares in a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, it may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a portion of any excess distribution or gain from the disposition of such shares even if such income is distributed as a taxable dividend by the Company to Unitholders. Certain elections are available under certain circumstances that may allow the Company to ameliorate the impact of this tax. Such elections may require the Company to recognize in a year income in excess of the current cash distributions (if any) from the applicable PFICs and the proceeds from dispositions of PFIC stock during that year, and such income will nevertheless be subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of the 4 U.S. federal excise tax. 

 Debt Instruments
 . 

In certain circumstances, the Company may be required to recognize taxable income prior to its receipt of the related cash. For example, if the Company holds debt instruments that are treated under applicable tax rules as having OID (such as debt instruments with an end-of-term

 payment and/or PIK income payment or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), it must include in taxable income each year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received in the same taxable year. Because any OID accrued will be included in investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, the Company may be required to make a distribution to Unitholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and to avoid the 4 U.S. federal excise tax, even though it will not have received any corresponding cash amount. 

 Warrants
 . 

Gain or loss realized from the sale or exchange of warrants acquired as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally are treated as capital gain or loss. The treatment of such gain or loss as long-term or short-term generally depends on how long the Company has held a particular warrant and on the nature of the disposition transaction. 

 Foreign Currency Transactions
 . 

Under the Code, gains or losses attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates which occur between the time the Company accrues income or other receivables or accrues expenses or other liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and the time the Company actually collects such receivables or pays such liabilities generally are treated as ordinary income or loss. Similarly, on disposition of debt instruments and certain other instruments denominated in a foreign currency, gains or losses attributable to fluctuations in the value of the foreign currency between the date of acquisition of the instrument and the date of disposition also are treated as ordinary gain or loss. 

 General Tax Cooperation 

The Company will provide Unitholders with certain information regarding the amount of each distribution by us characterized as a return of capital distribution, interest-related dividend distribution, ordinary dividend distribution, short term capital gain distribution or long term capital gain distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes on an estimated basis in connection with such distribution. The Company will use reasonable best efforts to provide such information on a final basis by March 1 st
 of the taxable year following the distribution, but in no event later than March 15th of the taxable year following the distribution (subject to the filing of an extension for the filing of Forms 1042-S).
 The Company and the Adviser shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Unitholders annually with any other tax information that the Company and the Adviser possess, or can reasonably obtain, reasonably requested by Unitholders in writing, concerning distributions by the Company or redemption of Units by the Company. The Company and the Adviser shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with Unitholders by providing any additional tax information and/or assisting in the filing of additional tax forms relating to the Company, as reasonably requested by Unitholders. 

28 

Table of Contents 
 
 Importance of Obtaining Professional Advice 

The foregoing analysis is not intended as a substitute for careful tax planning. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Company are strongly urged to consult their tax advisors with specific reference to their own situations regarding the possible tax consequences of an investment in the Company. 

General Risks Related to the Company 

No Market for Units
. Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, Units are not generally transferable and voluntary withdrawal of Units is not allowed. A Unitholder is not expected to be able to sell, assign or transfer its Units. In addition, transfers of Units may be affected by restrictions on resales imposed by federal and state securities laws. The Units are not registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be transferred unless registered under applicable federal and state securities laws or unless an exemption from such laws is available. The Company has no plans, and is under no obligation, to register the Units under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. No market exists for the Units, and none is expected to develop. Therefore, an investment in the Company must be considered illiquid and must only be made by persons that are able to bear the risk of their investment in the Company for an indefinite period of time. 

Forward-Looking Statements
. This annual report contains forward-looking statements, including observations about market and industry and regulatory trends as of the original date of this annual report on Form 10-K. Those
 forward-looking statements reflect the Adviser s current view in respect of future events. Actual events could differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of factors beyond the Adviser s or the Company s control. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. No party has an obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form 10-K.

Adverse Consequences of Default
. A Unitholder in default with respect to its unfunded Commitment may experience material adverse effects on its investment. When a Unitholder defaults, the Board, in its discretion, may cause the defaulting Unitholder to forfeit a portion of the distributions to which the defaulting Unitholder may otherwise have been entitled. The Board may also require a forced sale of the defaulting Unitholder s Interest. In addition, the Board may pursue any available legal or equitable remedies, with the expenses of collection of the unpaid amount, including attorneys fees, to be paid by the defaulting Unitholder. 

Upon the default of a Unitholder, the Company may deliver an amended funding notice to the non-defaulting Unitholders increasing
 their capital contributions by up to an aggregate amount equal to the capital contribution that the defaulting Unitholder failed to make, not in excess of a Unitholder s unfunded Commitment. 

 The Board may require a defaulting Unitholder to contribute the entirety of its remaining Commitment to the Company. For any such Unitholder, the return on its Company investment may be materially lower than returns to Unitholders who do not pre-fund their Commitments.

Risks Related to the Russian Invasion of Ukraine
. On February 24, 2022, the Russian military commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s pre-positioned
 forces into Ukraine, which could have a negative impact on the economy and business activity globally (including in the countries in which the Company invests), and therefore could adversely affect the performance of the Company s Portfolio Investments. Following such invasion, the United States and several European nations announced sanctions against Russia. Furthermore, the conflict between the two nations and the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries could preclude prediction as to their ultimate adverse impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Company and the performance of its investments or operations, and the ability of the Company to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that third parties, investors, or related customer bases have material operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. 

Risks Related to RICs and BDCs 

Regulatory Risks Relating to the Company 

Additionally, because the Units are registered under the 1934 Act, ownership information for any person who beneficially owns 5 or more of the Units will have to be disclosed in a Schedule 13G or other filings with the SEC. Beneficial ownership for these purposes is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and includes having voting or investment power over the securities. In some circumstances, Unitholders who choose to reinvest their dividends may see their percentage stake in the Company increased to more than 5 , thus triggering this filing requirement. Each Unitholder is responsible for determining their filing obligations and preparing the filings. In addition, Unitholders who hold more than 10 of a class of Units may be subject to Section 16(b) of the 1934 Act, which recaptures for the benefit of the Company profits from the purchase and sale of registered Units within a six-month period.

56

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our executive offices are located at 500 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022, and are provided by SLR in accordance with the terms of the Investment Management Agreement. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is presently conducted. 

63 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Neither we nor our subsidiaries are currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or our subsidiaries. From time to time, we or our subsidiaries may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. Our business is also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. While the outcome of these legal or regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

64 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Units will only be sold (i) in the U.S. only to U.S. persons who are accredited investors within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act and (ii) outside the U.S. in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. There is no public market for our Units, and none is expected to develop. For this reason, the Company is not providing the performance graph required by Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K.
 
 Because Units are being acquired by investors in one or more transactions not involving a public offering, they are restricted securities and may be required to be held indefinitely. Our Units may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise disposed of unless (i) our written consent is granted, and (ii) the Units are registered under applicable securities laws or specifically exempted from registration (in which case the unitholder may, at our option, be required to provide us with a legal opinion, in form and substance satisfactory to us, that registration is not required). We do not anticipate consenting to sales, transfers or assignments of Units. Accordingly, an investor must be willing to bear the economic risk of investment in the Units until we are liquidated. No sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or other disposition, whether voluntary or involuntary, of the Units may be made without our written consent. 

 Holders 

As of February 24, 2023, there were 3 holders of record of our Units. 

 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None, other than those already disclosed in certain Form 8-Ks
 filed with the SEC. 
 Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

 Distributions 

Tax characteristics of all distributions will be reported to Unitholders on Form 1099 after the end of the calendar year. Future quarterly distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board. We expect that our distributions to Unitholders will generally be from accumulated net investment income, from net realized capital gains or non-taxable
 return of capital, if any, as applicable. 
 We have elected to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To maintain our RIC tax treatment, we must distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, out of the assets legally available for distribution. In addition, although we currently intend to distribute realized net capital gains i.e.

, net long-term capital gains in excess of short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually, out of the assets legally available for such distributions, we may in the future decide to retain such capital gains for investment. 
 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of these distributions from time to time. In addition, due to the asset coverage test applicable to us as a business development company, we may in the future be limited in our ability to make distributions. Also, our revolving credit facility may limit our ability to declare distributions if we default under certain provisions. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of the tax benefits available to us as a regulated investment company. In addition, in accordance with GAAP and tax regulations, we include in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as contractual payment-in-kind

 income, which represents contractual income added to the loan balance that becomes due at the end of the loan term, or the accrual of original issue or market discount. Since we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the requirement to distribute at least 90 of our investment company taxable income to obtain tax benefits as a regulated investment company. 

65 

Table of Contents 
 With respect to the distributions to Unitholders, income from origination, structuring, closing and certain other upfront fees associated with investments in portfolio companies are treated as taxable income and accordingly, distributed to Unitholders. 

 We cannot assure Unitholders that they will receive any distributions at a particular level. 

Item 6. Reserved 

66 

Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
 contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the Company, our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs and opinions, and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, will, may, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, should, targets, projects, outlook, potential, predicts and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation: 

our future operating results, including our ability to achieve objectives; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

the impact of investments that we expect to make; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 

the impact of any protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

the valuation of our investments in portfolio companies, particularly those having no liquid trading market; 

market conditions and our ability to access different debt markets and additional debt and equity capital; 

our expected financings and investments; 

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 

the ability of our investment adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

changes in the political conditions and relations between the United States, Russia, Ukraine and other nations, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets; 

changes in the general economy, slowing economy, rising inflation, risk of recession and risks in respect of a failure to increase the U.S. debt ceiling; and 

our ability to anticipate and identify evolving market expectations with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, including the environmental impacts of our portfolio companies supply chain and operations. 

These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation: 

an economic downturn could impair our portfolio companies ability to continue to operate, which could lead to the loss of some or all of our investments in such portfolio companies; 

a contraction of available credit and/or an inability to access the equity markets could impair our lending and investment activities; 

interest rate volatility could adversely affect our results, particularly because we use leverage as part of our investment strategy; 

currency fluctuations could adversely affect the results of our investments in foreign companies, particularly to the extent that we receive payments denominated in foreign currency rather than U.S. dollars; and 

the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify in Item 1A. Risk Factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 and in our other filings with the SEC. 
 
 Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. These forward-looking statements apply only as of the date of this report. Moreover, we assume no duty and do not undertake to update the forward-looking statements. 

67 

Table of Contents 
 The following analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 
 Overview 

The Company (the Company , we , us our our was formed as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware on July 7, 2020 as a closed-end,
 externally managed investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), and intend to elect to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). As a BDC and a RIC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. As such, we are required to comply with various regulatory requirements, such as the requirement to invest at least 70 of our assets in qualifying assets, source of income limitations, RIC asset diversification requirements, and the requirement to distribute annually at least 90 of our taxable income and tax-exempt interest.
 
 SLR Capital Partners, LLC (the Adviser or SLR serves as the Company s investment adviser pursuant to an investment management agreement with the Company (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Investment Management Agreement ). Subject to the overall supervision of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), the Adviser is responsible for managing the Company s business and activities, including sourcing investment opportunities, conducting research, performing diligence on potential investments, structuring our investments, and monitoring the Company s portfolio companies on an ongoing basis through a team of investment professionals. 

 Prior to the Company s units being listed for trading on a national securities exchange (an Exchange Listing ), the Adviser has also been appointed to provide administrative and coordination services to the Company (in such capacity, the Administrative Coordinator ). The Administrative Coordinator supervises or provides the Company s administrative services, including operational trade support, net asset value calculations, financial reporting, fund accounting, registrar and transfer agent services. The Administrative Coordinator also provides assistance to the Adviser in connection with communicating with investors and other persons with respect to the Company. 

 The Company is organized for investors who may invest through one or more investment funds created by one or more financial institutions unaffiliated with the Company (collectively, the Access Fund ). Certain other investors may also invest directly in the Company. For those investors who invest through the Access Fund, we expect the Access Fund will issue a pro rata interest to each investor in the Access Fund (the Access Fund LPs that, with respect to each Access Fund LP s investment in the Access Fund, corresponds to such Access Fund LP s pro rata share of the Units issued by the Company to the Access Fund. To purchase an interest in the Access Fund, each Access Fund LP will be required to represent that it is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited Investor promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). To purchase Units, investors must be Accredited Investors and qualified purchasers for purposes of Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, or knowledgeable employees or companies owned exclusively by knowledgeable employees for purposes of the rules promulgated under the 1940 Act. Any sale of Units outside of the United States will be conducted in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. We expect the Access Fund will pass its voting rights in respect of any Units of the Company held by the Access Fund through to the Access Fund LPs. 

 The Company s principal focus is to invest in two differentiated strategies, first lien healthcare cash flow loans and first lien life science loans. First lien healthcare cash flow loans are expected to be made to private equity-owned upper middle market healthcare companies with EBITDA between approximately 25 million and 100 million. These loan tranches are expected to range in size from 100 million to 300 million. Healthcare cash flow loans are generally expected to have a five to six year final maturity and are often repaid within three years. First lien life science loans are expected to be made to venture capital owned pre-commercialization
 or early revenue drug and device development companies. These loan tranches are expected to range in size from 25 million to 150 million. Loans to life science companies are generally expected to have an initial interest-only period and then straight-line amortization with a four to five year final maturity. These loans are often repaid within two to three years. The Company expects to primarily invest in non-investment
 grade debt instruments. The Company also expects that some of its investments will contain delayed-draw term loan type features (which is a legally binding commitment by the Company to fund additional term loans to a borrower in the future) and/or other types of unfunded commitments. The Company expects to co-invest
 with other vehicles managed by SLR (the SLR Funds ). The Company and the SLR Funds are under common control with SLR. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to co-invest
 with such other funds, including as a result of legal restrictions and contractual restrictions and, as a result, the Company may not be able to meet its investment objective. The Company believes the potential scale resulting from co-investments
 with vehicles managed by SLR will provide the Company a significant advantage to source loans over other lenders that do not have the capital base to provide significant debt financing. The Company s investments in portfolio companies are referred to herein as Portfolio Investments . 

68 

Table of Contents 
 The Company is an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act and the Company may from time to time take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 

 Recent Developments 

None. 

 Revenues 

The Company generates revenue primarily in the form of interest income from the securities it holds and capital gains, if any, on investment securities that it may sell. Our debt investments typically bear interest at a floating rate usually determined on the basis of a benchmark London interbank offered rate LIBOR ), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), commercial paper rate, or the prime rate. Interest on our debt investments is generally payable monthly or quarterly. We may also generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, structuring fees, and fees for providing managerial assistance. 

 The Company s principal focus is to invest in first lien secured loans typically to upper middle market private equity-owned companies in the healthcare sector, with EBITDA between approximately 25 million and 100 million, generating significant free cash flow, and operating in the non-cyclical
 healthcare sub-sectors
 in which we have direct experience. These loan tranches are generally 100 million to 300 million. In addition, the Company intends to invest a portion of its assets in loans to late stage drug and medical device development companies. The Company will seek to leverage the significant capital base of the SLR platform to co-invest
 alongside other SLR managed investment vehicles enabling the Company to participate in larger, more attractive upper middle-market financings and have more control over structuring through greater ownership of a financing tranche. 
 Expenses 

The Company (directly or indirectly) bears: 

(i) 
 all of its fees, costs, expenses and liabilities, all of its investment-related fees, costs, expenses and liabilities (including with respect to amounts incurred prior to the Company s initial closing) and all of its other operating fees, costs, expenses and liabilities, including all fees, due diligence costs and other fees, costs, expenses and liabilities related to the identification, sourcing, evaluation, pursuit, acquisition, holding, appraisals, asset management, restructuring and disposing of investments, including all reasonable travel-related fees, costs, expenses and liabilities, including lodging and meals, all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of legal counsel and financial and other advisers incurred in connection therewith, all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of information technology services relating to the ongoing management of investments, and all other investment-related fees, costs, expenses and liabilities (to the extent not reimbursed by the relevant portfolio company); 

(ii) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities related to any audits or agreed upon procedures, tax forms and return preparations and filings, custodian fees and expenses, fund accounting, administrator services, financial statement preparation and reporting, web services for the benefit of Unitholders, delivery costs and expenses in connection with reporting obligations and communications and compliance services; 

(iii) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities relating to insurance policies (including director and officer liability insurance) maintained by or for the Company, including in respect of Portfolio Investments and/or personnel of the Adviser, the Adviser in its capacity as Administrative Coordinator and their affiliates; 

(iv) 
 other administrative fees, costs, and liabilities; 

(v) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of brokers, transaction finders and other intermediaries, including brokerage commissions and spreads, and all other transaction-related fees, costs, expenses and liabilities, including reverse break-up
 fees; 

(vi) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities relating to derivatives and hedging transactions; 

69 

Table of Contents 

(vii) 
 all principal amounts of, and interest expense on, borrowings and guarantees, and all other fees, costs, expenses and liabilities arising out of borrowings and guarantees, including the arranging and maintenance thereof, whether incurred by the Company or incurred or facilitated by a special purpose vehicle that makes Portfolio Investments; 

(viii) 
 management fees; 

(ix) 
 administration expenses; 

(x) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities incurred through the use or engagement of Service Providers; 

(xi) 
 all taxes, fees, penalties and other governmental charges levied against the Company and all fees, costs, expenses, penalties and liabilities related to tax compliance; 

(xii) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of the Company s legal counsel related to extraordinary matters, including expenses for any dispute resolution (including litigation and regulatory-related legal expenses); 

(xiii) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities relating to legal, governance and regulatory compliance and filings, including securities law filings relating to Portfolio Investments; 

(xiv) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities related to the Company s indemnification or contribution obligations; 

(xv) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities for subscription services (to the extent such subscription is required by a placement agent); 

(xvi) 
 any required regulatory filings and related legal fees; 

(xvii) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of liquidating the Company; 

(xviii) 
 transfer agent services; 

(xix) 
 any other fees, costs, expenses and liabilities not specifically assumed by the Adviser or the Administrative Coordinator; 

(xx) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of the independent directors, including resources retained by the independent directors, or on their behalf, while representing and/or acting on behalf of all Unitholders; and 

(xxi) 
 all fees, costs, expenses and liabilities related to an exchange listing (including any transactions effectuated in connection therewith) or other business combination. 

In addition, prior to an Exchange Listing, the aggregate amount of the operating expenses relating to Unitholders investing directly in the Company set forth in clauses (ii)-(iv) and the operating expenses included in sub-clauses
 (xiii) and (xvi) related to U.S. regulatory bodies above borne by the Company (directly or indirectly) will not exceed the following limits in any fiscal year: (A) if the Company has less than or equal to 400 million in Commitments, an amount equal to the sum of (x) the product of the Commitments and 0.0025 and (y) 1.25 million, or (B) if the Company has greater than 400 million in Commitments, 2.25 million (such figure, the Operating Expense Cap ). Any amount in excess of the Operating Expense Cap for any fiscal year will be paid by the Adviser. Solely by way of example, if Commitments equal 350 million, the Operating Expense Cap will be equal to 2.125 million. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Operating Expense Cap will not apply to any fees, costs, expenses and liabilities allocable to persons investing indirectly in the Company through any Unitholder or in connection with (xxi) above, (ii) the Company will not bear the costs of any third-party valuation agent engaged solely for purposes of valuing the Company s portfolio investments at each quarter end and (iii) the Operating Expense Cap will no longer apply upon the effectuation of an Exchange Listing. 
 The Adviser or Administrative Coordinator and/or their affiliates may advance to the Company organizational fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of the Company, including legal expenses, incurred in connection with the initial offering of Units and the formation and establishment of the Company (the Organizational Expenses ). The Adviser or Administrative Coordinator (or such affiliate) will be reimbursed by the Company for such advanced expenses in an amount not to exceed 500,000. The Company will be responsible for and pay (or reimburse) the Organizational Expenses subject to the cap described in the preceding sentence. Accordingly, 0.2 million of offering expenses were charged to capital and 0.2 million of organizational costs were expensed in 2021.

70 

Table of Contents 
 Macroeconomic Environment 

Credit markets continued to be under pressure during 2022 amid a risk-off
 environment and sustained macro-economic uncertainty due to record-high inflation, tighter financial conditions and growing recession risk. Central banks have remained focused on restoring price stability by raising interest rates and have signaled that growth may be hindered until inflation comes under control. 
 Portfolio and Investment Activity 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we invested approximately 28.4 million across 21 portfolio companies. This compares to investing approximately 34.0 million across 13 portfolio companies for the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. Investments sold or prepaid during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled approximately 12.5 million versus approximately 7.0 million for the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. 

 At December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of 20 portfolio companies and was invested 100.0 in senior secured loans and less than 0.1 in common equity/equity interests/warrants, in each case, measured at fair value versus 12 portfolio companies invested 100.0 in senior secured loans and less than 0.1 in common equity/equity interests/warrants, in each case, measured at fair value, at December 31, 2021. 

 At December 31, 2022, 91.6 of our income producing investment portfolio was floating rate and 8.4 was fixed rate, measured at fair value. At December 31, 2021, 86.5 of our income producing investment portfolio was floating rate and 13.5 was fixed rate, measured at fair value. 

 Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP will require management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the periods covered by such consolidated financial statements. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates, which the Company will evaluate on an ongoing basis. The Company has identified the following items as critical accounting policies. The Company will disclose these and any other critical accounting policies in the notes to its future consolidated financial statements. 

 Valuation of Portfolio Investments 

In December 2020, the SEC adopted new Rule 2a-5
 under the 1940 Act addressing fair valuation of fund investments. The new rule sets forth requirements for good faith determinations of fair value, as well as for the performance of fair value determinations, including related oversight and reporting obligations. The new rule also defines readily available market quotations for purposes of the definition of value under the 1940 Act, and the SEC noted that this definition will apply in all contexts under the 1940 Act. The Company will comply with Rule 2a-5 s
 valuation requirements. 
 The Company conducts the valuation of its assets, pursuant to which the Company s net asset value is determined, at all times consistent with GAAP, and the 1940 Act. The Board will (1) periodically assess and manage valuation risks; (2) establish and apply fair value methodologies; (3) test fair value methodologies; (4) oversee and evaluate third-party pricing services, as applicable; (5) oversee the reporting required by Rule 2a-5
 under the 1940 Act; and (6) maintain recordkeeping requirements under Rule 2a-5.
 
 It is anticipated that in respect of many of the Company s assets, readily available market quotations will not be obtainable and that such assets will be valued at fair value. A market quotation is readily available for a security only when that quotation is a quoted price (unadjusted) in active markets for identical investments that the Company can access at the measurement date, provided that a quotation will not be readily available if it is not reliable. If the Company anticipates using a market quotation for a security, it will also monitor for circumstances that may necessitate the use of fair value, such as significant events that may cause concern over the reliability of a market quotation. 

71 

Table of Contents 
 For purposes of calculating the NAV, the Company s assets will generally be valued as described in Note 2(b) to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Hedging 

We 

 may, but are not required to, enter into interest rate, foreign exchange or other derivative agreements to hedge interest rate, currency, credit or other risks, but we do not generally intend to enter into any such derivative agreements for speculative purposes. Any derivative agreements entered into for speculative purposes are not expected to be material to the Company s business or results of operations. These hedging activities, which will be in compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, may include the use of futures, options and forward contracts. We will bear the costs incurred in connection with entering into, administering and settling any such derivative contracts. There can be no assurance any hedging strategy we employ will be successful. 

Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company RIC 

The Company elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and intends to qualify for taxation as a RIC annually. As a RIC, the Company generally will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that it timely distributes to Unitholders as dividends. In order to qualify for taxation as a RIC, the Company is required, among other things, to be diversified at each quarter end and to timely distribute to its Unitholders at least 90 of investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code, for each year. There is no guarantee the Company will be able to maintain its status as a RIC. Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a given tax year, the Company may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year and pay a nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax on such income, as required. To the extent that the Company determines that its estimated current year annual taxable income will be in excess of estimated current year distributions, the Company will accrue an estimated excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable income. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In March 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-04,
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. The guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications, hedging relationships and other transactions, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of the reference rate reform. ASU 2020-04
 is effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The Company has determined that the adoption of this guidance has not had a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

72 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations 

Results are shown for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. 

 Investment Income 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, gross investment income totaled 3.7 million and 1.0 million, respectively. The comparative increase in gross investment income is due to a substantial increase in the size of the income-producing portfolio along with higher LIBOR and SOFR. 

 Expenses 

Expenses totaled 3.0 million and 1.8 million, respectively, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, of which 0.4 million and 0.2 million, respectively, were management fees and administration fees and 1.9 million and 0.4 million, respectively were interest and other credit facility expenses. Other general and administrative expenses totaled 0.6 million and 1.2 million, respectively, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. Expenses generally consist of management fees, administration fees, performance-based incentive fees, if any, administrative services expenses, insurance, legal expenses, directors fees and expenses, audit and tax expenses and other general and administrative expenses. Interest and other credit facility expenses generally consist of interest, unused fees, agency fees and financing costs, if any, among others. The comparative increase in expenses is due to higher interest expense from increased borrowings to support a larger portfolio, along with an increase in LIBOR and SOFR. Additionally, other expenses were lower in the current year as organizational and other start-up
 costs were expensed in the prior comparative period. 

 Net Investment Income (Loss) 

The Company s net investment income (loss) totaled 0.8 million and 0.8) million or 1.07 and 2.97) per average unit, respectively, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. 

 Net Realized Loss 

The Company had investment sales and prepayments totaling approximately 12.5 million and 7.0 million, respectively, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. Net realized losses over the same periods were 16 thousand and 5 thousand, respectively. Net realized losses for both comparative periods were primarily related to the sale of select assets. 

 Net Change in Unrealized Gain 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, net change in unrealized gain on the Company s investments totaled 0.2 million and 0.1 million, respectively. Net unrealized gain for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to appreciation on our investments in Ivy Fertility Services, LLC and Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc., among others. Net unrealized gain for the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 is primarily due to appreciation on our investments in MMIT Holdings, LLC and BayMark Health Services, Inc., among others. 

 Net Increase (Decrease) in Unitholders Capital Resulting From Operations 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the Company had a net increase (decrease) in unitholders capital resulting from operations of 0.9 million and 0.7) million, respectively. For the same periods, income (loss) per average unit was 1.30 and 2.57), respectively.

 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our primary uses of cash are for (i) investments in portfolio companies and other investments to comply with certain portfolio RIC diversification requirements, (ii) the cost of operations (including paying the Adviser), (iii) debt service of any borrowings, and (iv) cash distributions to our Unitholders. 

73 

Table of Contents 
 Equity 

During the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022, on a net basis, the Company sold and issued 888,565 common units at an average price of 22.51 per unit, for gross proceeds of 20.0 million. All of our outstanding units were issued and sold in reliance upon the available exemptions from registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Unfunded equity capital commitments totaled 63.9 million at December 31, 2022. The Offering Period of the Company ended on December 31, 2022. 

Debt 

SPV Facility

 On February 18, 2022, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, SLR HC BDC SPV LLC (the SPV ), entered into the 50 million SPV Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. acting as administrative agent. The commitment can also be expanded up to 75 million. The stated interest rate on the SPV Facility is Term SOFR plus 2.90 with no SOFR floor requirement and the final maturity date is February 18, 2027. The fee on undrawn commitments is currently 0.875 . The SPV Facility is secured by all of the assets held by the SPV. Under the terms of the SPV Facility, the Company and SPV, as applicable, have made certain customary representations and warranties, and are required to comply with various covenants, including leverage restrictions, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The SPV also includes usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of this nature. There were 14.7 million of borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 under the SPV Facility. 

 Subscription Facility

 On March 19, 2021, the Company established the 25 million Subscription Facility with ING Capital LLC. The stated interest rate on the Subscription Facility is LIBOR plus 2.75-3.00 
 and the current stated maturity date is March 19, 2023. On December 14, 2021, the Subscription Facility was amended, allowing for increased borrowing base availability, among other changes. Under the terms of the Subscription Facility, the Company has made certain customary representations and warranties, and is required to comply with various covenants, including reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The Subscription Facility also includes usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of this nature. As of December 31, 2022, there were 13.8 million of borrowings outstanding under the Subscription Facility. 
 Cash Equivalents 

We deem certain U.S. Treasury bills, repurchase agreements and other high-quality, short-term debt securities as cash equivalents. The Company makes purchases that are consistent with its purpose of making investments in securities described in paragraphs 1 through 3 of Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. From time to time, including at or near the end of each fiscal quarter, we consider using various temporary investment strategies for our business. One strategy includes taking proactive steps by utilizing cash equivalents as temporary assets with the objective of enhancing our investment flexibility pursuant to Section 55 of the 1940 Act. More specifically, from time-to-time

 we may purchase U.S. Treasury bills or other high-quality, short-term debt securities at or near the end of the quarter and typically close out the position on a net cash basis subsequent to quarter end. We may also utilize repurchase agreements or other balance sheet transactions, including drawing down on our credit facilities, as deemed appropriate. The amount of these transactions or such drawn cash for this purpose is excluded from total assets for purposes of computing the asset base upon which the management fee is determined. We held approximately 30 million par amount in cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. 

 Contractual Obligations 

We have entered into certain contracts under which we have material future commitments. We have entered into the Investment Management Agreement with the Adviser in accordance with the 1940 Act. Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement we have entered into with the Adviser, we pay the Adviser certain management and incentive fees prior to and following an Exchange Listing. Prior to an Exchange Listing, we pay the Adviser, in its capacity as Administrative Coordinator, an administration fee for administrative and coordination services, each as defined and described further below. Following an Exchange Listing, the Company intends to enter into a separate administration agreement with an affiliate pursuant to which administrative services would be provided to the Company, as described further below. The Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fee will not offset any fees paid to the Adviser. Under the Investment Management Agreement, prior to an Exchange Listing, the Administrative Coordinator may engage or delegate certain administrative functions to third parties or affiliates on behalf of the Company. The Administrative Coordinator will be responsible for all expenses of its own staff responsible for (i) certain on-going,
 routine, non-investment-related
 administrative services for the Company, (ii) the coordination of various third party services needed or required by the Company, and (iii) certain Unitholder servicing functions. 

74 

Table of Contents 

Payments due by Period as of December 31, 2022

 (dollars in millions)

Total

Less than

 1 year

1-3 years

3-5 years

More than

 5 years

Credit facilities (1)

28.5 

13.8 

14.7 

(1) 
 At December 31, 2022, we had a total of 46.5 million of unused borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, subject to borrowing base limits. 

If any of the contractual obligations discussed above are terminated, our costs under any new agreements that we enter into may increase. In addition, we would likely incur significant time and expense in locating alternative parties to provide the services we expect to receive under the Investment Management Agreement. Any new investment advisory agreement would also be subject to approval by our Unitholders. 

 Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

From time-to-time

 and in the normal course of business, the Company may make unfunded capital commitments to current or prospective portfolio companies. Typically, the Company may agree to provide delayed-draw term loans or, to a lesser extent, revolving loan or equity commitments. These unfunded capital commitments always take into account the Company s liquidity and cash available for investment, portfolio and issuer diversification, and other considerations. Accordingly, the Company had the following unfunded capital commitments at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

(in millions)

Outset Medical, Inc.

3.1

Apeel Technology, Inc.

2.9

Glooko, Inc.

1.6

2.7

SCP Eye Care, LLC

1.0

Oral Surgery Partners Holdings, LLC

0.8

Plastics Management, LLC

0.8

1.2

Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc.

0.8

4.7

Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

0.8

Ardelyx, Inc.

0.7

Southern Orthodontic Partners Management, LLC

0.7

Pediatric Home Respiratory Services, LLC

0.6

Cerapedics, Inc.

0.6

Orthopedic Care Partners Management, LLC

0.5

Meditrina, Inc.

0.3

Ivy Fertility Services, LLC

0.1

0.5

BayMark Health Services, Inc.

0.1

0.2

SunMed Group Holdings, LLC

0.1

0.1

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

2.5

Rezolute, Inc.

0.6

SOC Telemed, Inc.

0.5

RQM+ Corp.

0.4

MMIT Holdings, LLC

0.2

Total Commitments

15.5

13.6

75 

Table of Contents 
 The credit agreements of the above loan commitments contain customary lending provisions and/or are subject to the portfolio company s achievement of certain milestones that allow relief to the Company from funding obligations for previously made commitments in instances where the underlying company experiences materially adverse events that affect the financial condition or business outlook for the company. Since these commitments may expire without being drawn upon, unfunded commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements or future earning assets for the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had sufficient cash available and/or liquid securities available to fund its commitments and had reviewed them for any appropriate fair value adjustment. 

 Distributions 

Tax characteristics of all distributions will be reported to unitholders on Form 1099 after the end of the calendar year. Future quarterly distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board. We expect that our distributions to unitholders will generally be from accumulated net investment income, from net realized capital gains or non-taxable
 return of capital, if any, as applicable. 
 We have elected to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To maintain our RIC tax treatment, we must distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, out of the assets legally available for distribution. In addition, although we currently intend to distribute realized net capital gains i.e.

, net long-term capital gains in excess of short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually, out of the assets legally available for such distributions, we may in the future decide to retain such capital gains for investment. 
 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of these distributions from time to time. In addition, due to the asset coverage test applicable to us as a business development company, we may in the future be limited in our ability to make distributions. Also, our revolving credit facility may limit our ability to declare distributions if we default under certain provisions. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of the tax benefits available to us as a regulated investment company. In addition, in accordance with GAAP and tax regulations, we include in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as contractual payment-in-kind

 income, which represents contractual income added to the loan balance that becomes due at the end of the loan term, or the accrual of original issue or market discount. Since we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the requirement to distribute at least 90 of our investment company taxable income to obtain tax benefits as a regulated investment company. 

With respect to the distributions to unitholders, income from origination, structuring, closing and certain other upfront fees associated with investments in portfolio companies are treated as taxable income and accordingly, distributed to unitholders. 

Related Parties 

We have entered into the Investment Management Agreement with the Adviser pursuant to which we pay management fees, administrative coordinator fees and incentive fees to the Adviser. 

Mr. Gross, our Chairman, Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President and Mr. Spohler, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and board member, are managing members and senior investment professionals of, and have financial and controlling interests in, the Adviser. In addition, Mr. Peteka, our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary serves as the Chief Financial Officer for the Adviser. The Adviser may also manage other funds in the future that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole and in part, with ours. For example, the Adviser presently serves as investment adviser to SLR Investment Corp., a publicly traded BDC, which focuses on investing in senior secured loans, including financing leases and to a lesser extent, unsecured loans and equity securities, SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC, an unlisted BDC that focuses on investing primarily in senior secured loans, including non-traditional
 asset-based loans and first lien loans, and SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC, an unlisted BDC focused on first lien senior secured floating rate loans. In addition, Michael S. Gross, our Chairman, Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President, Bruce Spohler, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer, and Richard L. Peteka, our Chief Financial Officer, serve in similar capacities for SLR Investment Corp., SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC and SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC. The Adviser and certain investment advisory affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate for us and for one or more of those other funds. In such event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, the Adviser or its affiliates may determine that we should invest side-by-side

 with one or more other funds. Any such investments will be made only to the extent permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, and consistent with the Adviser s allocation procedures. 

76 

Table of Contents 
 On June 13, 2017, the Adviser received an exemptive order that permits the Company to participate in negotiated co-investment transactions
 with certain affiliates, in a manner consistent with the Company s investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, and pursuant to various conditions (the Order ). If the Company is unable to rely on the Order for a particular opportunity, such opportunity will be allocated first to the entity whose investment strategy is the most consistent with the opportunity being allocated, and second, if the terms of the opportunity are consistent with more than one entity s investment strategy, on an alternating basis. Although the Adviser s investment professionals will endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner, the Company and its Unitholders could be adversely affected to the extent investment opportunities are allocated among us and other investment vehicles managed or sponsored by, or affiliated with, our executive officers, directors and members of the Adviser. In addition, we have adopted a formal code of ethics that governs the conduct of our officers and directors. Our officers and directors also remain subject to the duties imposed by the 1940 Act. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. Uncertainty with respect to the rising interest rates, inflationary pressures, risks in respect of a failure to increase the U.S. debt ceiling, the war in Ukraine and Russia and health epidemics and pandemics introduced significant volatility in the financial markets, and the effects of this volatility has materially impacted and could continue to materially impact our market risks. Because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income is affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. In a low interest rate environment, including a reduction of LIBOR or SOFR to zero, the difference between the total interest income earned on interest earning assets and the total interest expense incurred on interest bearing liabilities may be compressed, reducing our net interest income and potentially adversely affecting our operating results. Conversely, in a rising interest rate environment, such as the current economic environment, such difference could potentially increase thereby increasing our net investment income. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, certain investments in our investment portfolio had floating interest rates. These floating rate investments were primarily based on floating LIBOR or SOFR and typically have durations of one to three months after which they reset to current market interest rates. Additionally, some of these investments have floors. The Company also has revolving credit facilities that are generally based on floating LIBOR or SOFR. Assuming no changes to our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and no new defaults by portfolio companies, a hypothetical one percent decrease in LIBOR or SOFR on our comprehensive floating rate assets and liabilities would decrease our net investment income by approximately twelve cents per average unit over the next twelve months. Assuming no changes to our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and no new defaults by portfolio companies, a hypothetical one percent increase in LIBOR or SOFR on our comprehensive floating rate assets and liabilities would increase our net investment income by approximately twelve cents per average unit over the next twelve months. However, we may hedge against interest rate fluctuations from time-to-time

 by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options, swaps and forward contracts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in any benefits of certain changes in interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments. At December 31, 2022, we have no interest rate hedging instruments outstanding on our balance sheet. 

Increase (Decrease) in LIBOR/SOFR

(1.00) 

1.00 

Increase (Decrease) in Net Investment Income Per Unit Per Year

(0.12) 

0.12 

77 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

79 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

80 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period ended December 31, 2021 

81 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Unitholders Capital for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period ended December 31, 2021 

82 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period ended December 31, 2021 

83 

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

84 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

88 

78 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Unitholders and Board of Directors 

 SLR HC BDC LLC: 

 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, including the consolidated schedules of investments, of SLR HC BDC LLC (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in unitholders capital, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 202 1
, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period January 5, 2021 to December 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian, portfolio companies or agents. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 New York, New York 

 February 28, 2023 

79 

Table of Contents 

 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Assets

Investments at fair value:

Non-controlled/non-affiliated

 investments (cost: and , respectively)

Cash

Cash equivalents (cost: and , respectively)

Interest receivable

Prepaid expenses

Total assets

Liabilities

Payable for cash equivalents purchased

Revolving credit facility due February 2027 (the SPV Facility ( and face amounts, respectively, reported net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and , respectively. See note 5)

Revolving credit facility due March 2023 (the Subscription Facility ( and face amounts, respectively, reported net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and , respectively. See note 5)

Management fee payable (see note 3)

Administration fee payable (see note 3)

Interest payable (see note 5)

Other liabilities and accrued expenses

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (see note 6)

Unitholders Capital

Common Unitholders capital and units, respectively, issued and outstanding, see note 2f)

Accumulated distributable net loss (see note 2f)

() 

() 

Total unitholders capital

Total liabilities and unitholders capital

Net asset value per unit

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

80 

Table of Contents 
 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

Year ended December 31, 2022

For the period January 5, 2021 

 to December 31, 2021

Investment Income:

Interest income from non-controlled/non-affiliated

 investments

Other income from non-controlled/non-affiliated

 investments

Total investment income

Expenses:

Management fees (see note 3)

Administration fees (see note 3)

Interest and other credit facility expenses (see note 5)

Services fee

Organizational expenses

Other general and administrative expenses

Total expenses

Net investment income (loss)

() 

Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments and cash equivalents:

Net realized loss on non-controlled/non-affiliated

 investments and cash equivalents

() 

() 
 
 Net change in unrealized gain on non-controlled/non-affiliated

 investments and cash equivalents

Net realized and unrealized gain on non-controlled/non-affiliated

 investments and cash equivalents

Net Increase (Decrease) in Unitholders Capital Resulting From Operations

() 

Net Income (Loss) Per Unit

() 

Commencement of operations 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

81 

Table of Contents 
 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Unitholders Capital 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

Year ended December 31, 2022

For the period January 5, 2021 

 to December 31, 2021

Increase (decrease) in unitholders capital resulting from operations:

Net investment income (loss)

() 
 
 Net realized loss

() 

() 
 
 Net change in unrealized gain

Net increase (decrease) in unitholders capital resulting from operations

() 

Distributions to unitholders:

From distributable earnings

() 

Increase (decrease) in unitholders capital resulting from capital activity:

Contributions

Less offering costs

() 
 
 Cancellation

() 

Net increase in unitholders capital resulting from capital activity

Total increase in unitholders capital

Unitholders capital, beginning of period

Unitholders capital, end of period

Capital unit activity 

(see note 7):

Units issued

Units canceled

() 

Net increase from capital unit activity

Commencement of operations 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

82 

Table of Contents 
 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 2022

For the period January 5, 2021 to December 31, 2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net increase (decrease) in unitholders capital resulting from operations

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in unitholders capital resulting from operations to net cash used in operating activities:

Net realized loss on investments and cash equivalents

Net change in unrealized gain on investments

() 

() 
 
 (Increase) decrease in operating assets:

Purchase of investments

() 

() 
 
 Net accretion of discount on investments

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from disposition of investments

Capitalization of payment-in-kind

 income

() 

Interest receivable

() 

() 
 
 Prepaid expenses

() 

() 
 
 Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities:

Payable for investments and cash equivalents purchased

Management fee payable

Administration fee payable

Interest payable

Other liabilities and accrued expenses

() 

Deferred financing costs

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Contributions from unitholders

Offering costs

() 
 
 Cancellation of units

() 
 
 Cash distributions paid

() 

Proceeds from borrowings

Repayments of borrowings

() 

() 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:

Cash paid for interest

Commencement of operations 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

83 

Table of Contents 

SLR HC BDC LLC 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except share/unit amounts) 

Description 

Industry

Spread above

 Index (2)

Floor 

Interest Rate (1)

Acquisition

 Date

Maturity Date

Par Amount

Cost

Fair

 Value

Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans 226.8 

(4)

(3)(4)

. (3)(4)

(4)

(3)(4)

(6)

(4)

. (4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(3)(4)

(4)

(4)

. (4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(7)

Total Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans

Warrants 0.1 

Warrants

. 

. 

. 

Total Warrants

Total Investments (5) 
 226.9 

Cash Equivalents 154.1 

Total Investments Cash Equivalents 
 381.0 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets 

(281.0 

Net Assets 100.0 

(1) 
 Floating rate debt investments typically bear interest at a rate determined by reference to either the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or L index rate, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or S or the prime index rate (PRIME or P ), and which typically reset monthly, quarterly or semi-annually. For each debt investment SLR HC BDC LLC (the Company , we , us or our has provided the current interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 Floating rate instruments accrue interest at a predetermined spread relative to an index, typically the LIBOR, SOFR or PRIME rate. These instruments are often subject to a LIBOR, SOFR or PRIME rate floor. 

(3) 
 Indicates assets that the Company believes may not represent qualifying assets under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 1940 Act ). 
If we fail to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could be prevented from making follow-on
 investments in existing portfolio companies or could be required to dispose of investments at inappropriate times in order to comply with the 1940 Act. As of December 31, 2022, on a fair value basis, non-qualifying
 assets in the portfolio represented of the total assets of the Company. 

(4) 
 Indicates an investment that is wholly or partially held by SLR HC BDC LLC (the Company , we , us or our through its wholly-owned financing subsidiary SLR HC BDC SPV LLC (the SPV ). Such investments are pledged as collateral under the SPV Facility (see Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements) and are not generally available to creditors, if any, of the Company. 

(5) 
 Aggregate net unrealized depreciation for U.S. federal income tax purposes is ; aggregate gross unrealized appreciation and depreciation for U.S. federal tax purposes is and , respectively, based on a tax cost of . The Company generally acquires its investments in private transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). These investments are generally subject to certain limitations on resale, and may be deemed to be restricted securities under the Securities Act. All investments are Level 3 unless otherwise indicated. 

(6) 
 BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. may elect to defer up to 
 
 of the coupon as PIK. 

(7) 
 Vapotherm, Inc. may elect to defer up to of the coupon as PIK. 

Non-income
 producing security. 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

84 

Table of Contents 

 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands) 

Industry Classification

Percentage of Total

 Investments (at

 fair value) as of

 December 31, 2022

Health Care Providers Services

Health Care Equipment Supplies

Biotechnology

Pharmaceuticals

Life Science Tools Services

Health Care Technology

Total Investments

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

85 

Table of Contents 

SLR HC BDC LLC 

Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2021 

(in thousands, except share/unit amounts) 

Description 

Industry

Spread above Index (2)

Libor

 Floor 

Interest

 Rate (1)

Acquisition Date

Maturity Date

Par Amount

Cost

Fair

 Value

Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans 186.7 

. (3)

.

.

. (3)

.

Total Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans

Total Investments (4) 
 186.7 

Cash Equivalents 136.9 

Total Investments Cash Equivalents 
 323.6 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets (223.6 

() 

Net Assets 100.0 

(1) 
 Floating rate debt investments typically bear interest at a rate determined by reference to either the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR o
r L index rate or the prime index rate (PRIME or P ), and which typically reset monthly, quarterly or semi-annually. For each debt investment SLR HC BDC LLC (the Company , we , us or our has provided the current interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2021.

(2) 

(3) 
 Indicates assets that the Company believes may not represent qualifying assets under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 1940 Act ), as amended. 
If we fail to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could be prevented from making follow-on
 investments in existing portfolio companies or could be required to dispose of investments at inappropriate times in order to comply with the 1940 Act. As of December 31, 2021, on a fair value basis, non-qualifying
 assets in the portfolio represented of the total assets of the Company. 

(4) 
 ; aggregate gross unrealized appreciation and depreciation for U.S. federal tax purposes is and , respectively, based on a tax cost of . The Company generally acquires its investments in private transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). These investments are generally subject to certain limitations on resale, and may be deemed to be restricted securities under the Securities Act. All investments are Level 3 unless otherwise indicated. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

86 

Table of Contents 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Schedule of Investments (continued) 

December 31, 2021 

(in thousands) 

Industry Classification

Percentage of Total

 Investments (at

 fair value) as of

 December 31, 2021

Health Care Providers Services

Biotechnology

IT Services

Pharmaceuticals

Health Care Equipment Supplies

Life Science Tools Services

Health Care Technology

Total Investments

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

87 

Table of Contents 
 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 
31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts)

units to the Adviser (the Initial Unitholder ), which were acquired for an initial 

 capital contribution of on January 5, 2021 in reliance upon the available exemptions from registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has closed on in capital commitments. The Company s initial drawdown occurred on March 8, 2021 with the sale and issuance of units at an aggregate purchase price of or per unit. Prior to the issuance of units on March 8, 2021, the Initial Unitholder s initial seed capital was withdrawn from the Company and its Units were canceled. As of December 31, 2022, of capital commitments were drawn and were unfunded. 

 The Company pursues a corporate lending strategy focused on direct sourcing, underwriting and managing a diverse portfolio of private loans to U.S. healthcare 

companies. The Company s principal focus is to invest in two differentiated strategies: first lien healthcare cash flow loans and first lien life science loans. First lien healthcare cash flow loans are expected to be made to private equity-owned upper middle market healthcare companies with EBITDA between approximately and . These loan tranches are expected to range in size from to . Healthcare cash flow loans are generally expected to have a final maturity and are . First lien life science loans are expected to be made to venture capital owned pre-commercialization
 or early revenue drug and device development companies. These loan tranches are expected to range in size from to . Loans to life science companies are generally expected to have an initial interest-only period and then straight-line amortization with a final maturity. These loans are . The Company expects to primarily invest in non-investment
 grade debt instruments. The Company also expects that some of its investments will contain delayed-draw term loan type features (which is a legally binding commitment by the Company to fund additional term loans to a borrower in the future) and/or other types of unfunded commitments. 
 The Company is organized for investors who may invest through one or more investment funds created by one or more financial institutions unaffiliated with the Company (collectively, the Access Fund ). The Company was permitted to hold closings at any time during the offering period (the Offering Period ), which ended on December 31, 2022. The term of the Company is expected to be seven years from the Company s final closing with the Access Fund, which was held on February 11, 2021, unless the Company is terminated earlier or causes the units (or securities into which the units are converted or exchanged) to be listed for trading on a national securities exchange (an Exchange Listing as set forth in the Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the LLC Agreement ), but may be extended by the board of directors for up to two consecutive one year periods upon approval of the Company s independent directors and the approval of unitholders of the Company Unitholders ), which approval will be obtained through a non-1940
 Act vote as described in Item 11 of the Company s Form 10. The Company may be dissolved and its affairs wound up prior to the end of the term under the circumstances set forth in the LLC Agreement. The fiscal year end of the Company is 
 December 31.

88

Table of Contents 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

89 

Table of Contents 

SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

90 

Table of Contents 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

excise tax on this income. The Company will accrue excise tax on such estimated excess taxable income as appropriate. 

(f) 
 
 Book and tax basis differences relating to Unitholder distributions and other permanent book and tax differences are typically reclassified among the Company s capital accounts annually. In addition, the character of income and gains to be distributed is determined in accordance with income tax regulations that may differ from GAAP; accordingly at December 31, 2022, there were no reclassifications on our balance sheet between accumulated distributable net loss and common Unitholders 
 capital. 

(g) 
 Distributions to Unitholders are recorded as of the record date. The amount to be paid out as a distribution is determined by the Board. Net realized capital gains, if any, are generally distributed or deemed distributed at least annually. 

(h) 
 In accordance with Regulation S-X
 and ASC Topic 810 Consolidation

, the Company consolidates its interest in controlled investment company subsidiaries, financing subsidiaries and certain wholly-owned holding companies that serve to facilitate investment in portfolio companies. In addition, the Company may also consolidate any controlled operating companies substantially all of whose business consists of providing services to the Company. 

(i) 
 The accounting records of the Company are maintained in U.S. dollars. Any assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars based on the rate of exchange of such currencies against the U.S. dollar on the date of valuation. The Company will not isolate that portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from the fluctuations arising from changes in market prices of securities held. Such fluctuations would be included with the net unrealized gain or loss from investments. The Company s investments in foreign securities, if any, may involve certain risks, including without limitation: foreign exchange restrictions, expropriation, taxation or other political, social or economic risks, all of which could affect the market and/or credit risk of the investment. In addition, changes in the relationship of foreign currencies to the U.S. dollar can significantly affect the value of these investments in terms of U.S. dollars and therefore the earnings of the Company. 

(j) 
 In accordance with ASC 835-30,
 the Company reports origination and other expenses related to certain debt issuances, if any, as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability. Applicable expenses are deferred and amortized using either the effective interest method or the straight-line method over the stated life. The straight-line method may be used on revolving facilities and/or when it approximates the effective yield method. 

91 

Table of Contents 

 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

92 

Table of Contents 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

per annum 

of Invested Capital (defined as, as of any date, the sum of (i) capital contributions to the Company used to make Portfolio Investments and (ii) the total amount of credit drawn on subscription or similarly structured credit facilities). 

Post-Exchange Listing
. Following an Exchange Listing, the Post-Exchange Listing Management Fee will be an amount equal to per annum of the average value of the Company s total assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters; provided, however, the Post-Exchange Listing Management Fee will be calculated at an annual rate of of the average value of the Company s total assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters that exceeds the product of (i) and (ii) the value of the Company s total net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter. 

The Management Fee will be appropriately adjusted for any stub period. The Adviser may arrange for the Company to direct to a placement agent any portion of the Management Fee which the Adviser is owed for purposes of paying any placement fee that the Adviser owes to such placement agent. 

The Adviser will have the right, in its sole discretion, to waive or reduce, as well as recoup in a subsequent period, the Management Fee to which the Adviser is entitled in respect of all Unitholders Units in any particular calendar quarter. Any such Management Fee may be recouped by the Adviser in a future calendar quarter within three years of the date of the applicable waiver of the Management Fee. 

Incentive Fee 

Distributions
. Prior to an Exchange Listing, the Company makes distributions out of two categories: Current Proceeds and Disposition Proceeds (collectively referred to as Investment Proceeds ). Disposition Proceeds means all amounts received by the Company upon the disposition of an investment, including full or partial repayments or amortization of principal (but excluding Current Proceeds). Current Proceeds means all proceeds from investments, including interest income, fee income, prepayment fees and exit fees, other than Disposition Proceeds, less Company expenses. The Adviser apportions each Unitholder s pro rata share of Investment Proceeds between Disposition Proceeds and Current Proceeds. 

 Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee
. 

Prior to an Exchange Listing, and subject to availability, the Company will cause distributable cash to be distributed to Unitholders and to be paid to the Adviser as an incentive fee (the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee ). Amounts of Investment Proceeds apportioned to Unitholders are divided between and distributed to Unitholders, on the one hand, and the Adviser, on the other hand, in the following amounts and order of priority: 

 (i) Disposition Proceeds apportioned to Unitholders shall be divided between and distributed to Unitholders, on the one hand, and paid to the Adviser as a Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee, on the other hand, in the following amounts and order of priority: 

 (A) First, Return of Capital Contributions: 
 to such Unitholder until such Unitholders has received cumulative distributions of Investment Proceeds pursuant to this clause (A) equal to such Unitholder s total capital contributions to the Company (including amounts contributed to pay 
 Pre-Exchange
 Listing Management Fees, 
 Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fees (defined below), Organizational Expenses (defined below) and other Company expenses);

93 

Table of Contents 

 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

of all remaining Disposition Proceeds to Unitholders until they have each received cumulative distributions of Investment Proceeds, without duplication, pursuant to this clause (B) and clause (D) below and clause (ii)(A) and (ii)(C) below equal to 
 per annum, compounded annually, on Unitholders capital contributions to the Company (including amounts contributed to pay 
 Pre-Exchange
 Listing Management Fees, 
 Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fees, Organizational Expenses and other Company expenses), determined on the basis of all capital contributions made by such Unitholder and considering all distributions (including the subject distribution) under this 
 Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee made to such Unitholder (computed from the dates that such capital contributions were due (or, if actually made later, the date on which such capital contributions were actually made) until the date that the Company, in its sole discretion, designates distributable cash as available for distribution or, if no such designation is made, the occurrence of an Event of Dissolution, as defined in the LLC Agreement) (the Preferred 
 Return 

(C) Third, Adviser Catch Up: 
 of all remaining Disposition Proceeds to the Adviser as a 
 Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee, until the Adviser has received payments of Investment Proceeds with respect to Unitholders pursuant to this clause (C) and clause (ii)(B) below equal to 
 of the total amounts due to Unitholders and earned by the Adviser pursuant to clause (B) above and this clause (C) and clause (ii)(A) and (ii)(B) below; 
 and

(D) Fourth, / : of all remaining Disposition Proceeds to Unitholders and of all remaining Disposition Proceeds to the Adviser as a Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee. 
 In no event will the Adviser receive amounts of Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fees under clause (i)(C) and (i)(D) above in excess of the percentage of the Disposition Proceeds actually distributed to Unitholders pursuant to clause (i)(B), (i)(C) and (i)(D) above. 
 In no event will the Adviser receive amounts attributable to Disposition Proceeds that, as of any distribution or payment date, exceeds of cumulative realized capital gains net of all cumulative realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation. 

 (ii) Current Proceeds apportioned to Unitholders shall be divided between and distributed to Unitholders, on the one hand, and paid to the Adviser as a Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee, on the other hand, in the following amounts and order of priority: 
 (A) First, Unitholder Preferred Return: of all Current Proceeds to Unitholders until Unitholders have received cumulative distributions of Investment Proceeds, without duplication, pursuant to this clause (A) and clause (C) below and pursuant to clause (i)(B) and clause (i)(D) above equal to the Preferred Return; 

 (B) Second, Adviser Catch Up: Second, of all remaining Current Proceeds to the Adviser as a Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee until the Adviser has received payments of Investment Proceeds with respect to Unitholders pursuant to this clause (B) and clause (i)(C) above equal to of the total amounts due to Unitholders and earned by the Adviser pursuant to clause (A) above and this clause (B) and pursuant to clause (i)(B) and clause (i)(C) above; and 
 (C) Third, / : Thereafter, of all remaining Current Proceeds to Unitholders and of all remaining Current Proceeds to the Adviser as a Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee. 

94 

Table of Contents 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands, except unit amounts) 
 per quarter annualized). The Company s Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income used to calculate this part of the Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee is also included in the amount of its gross assets used to calculate the Post-Exchange Listing Management Fees. 

c. 
 The Company will pay the Adviser a Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee with respect to the Company s Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income in each calendar quarter as follows: 

i. 
 no Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee in any calendar quarter in which the Company s Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the quarterly hurdle rate of 1.50 ; 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

of the Company s Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than in any calendar quarter annualized); this portion of the Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income (which exceeds the hurdle but is less than 1.875 is referred to herein as the catch-up. 
 The catch-up 
 is meant to provide the Adviser with of the Company s Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle did not apply if this Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income exceeds in any calendar quarter; and 

iii. 
 20 of the amount of the Company s Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds 1.875 in any calendar quarter (7.5 annualized) payable to the Adviser (once the hurdle is reached and the catch-up
 is achieved, of all Pre-Incentive
 Fee Net Investment Income thereafter is allocated to the Adviser). 
 
 These calculations will be appropriately pro-rated for
 any period of less than three months. 
 
 Capital Gains Fee
. The second part 
 of the Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee, the Capital Gains Fee , will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Management Agreement as set forth below), commencing as of the end of the first fiscal year following an Exchange Listing, and will equal of the Company s realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation as of each fiscal year end, less the amount of any previously paid capital gain Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fees, with respect to the Company; provided that the Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee determined as of the end of the fiscal year in which an Exchange Listing is completed will be calculated for a period of shorter than twelve calendar months to take into account any realized capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation. In the event that the Investment Management Agreement will terminate as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date will be treated as though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying a Capital Gains Fee. 

The Adviser will have the right, in its sole discretion, to waive or reduce, as well as recoup in a subsequent period, all or any portion of the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee or Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee to which the Adviser is entitled in respect of all Unitholders Units in any particular calendar quarter. Any such Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fees or Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fees may be recouped by the Adviser in a future calendar quarter within three years of the date of the applicable waiver of the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee or Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee. 

 The Adviser may arrange for the Company to direct to a placement agent any portion of the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fee or Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee which the Adviser is owed for purposes of paying any placement fee that the Adviser owes to such placement agent. 

 Administration Fees and Expenses 

Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fees
. The Company 
 will pay SLR, in its capacity as the Administrative Coordinator, a fee (the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fee ), calculated as of the close of business in New York, New York on the last day of each calendar quarter (the Administration Fee Calculation Date ), in an amount equal to per annum of the average Cost Basis (defined as, as of any date, the aggregate accreted and amortized cost of all Portfolio Investments, including (i) any amounts reinvested in Portfolio Investments and (ii) the cost of Portfolio Investments acquired using leverage), as measured on the last day of the preceding quarter and the last day of the current quarter for the period ended and payable quarterly in arrears after such Administration Fee Calculation Date. The Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fee will not offset any fees paid to the Adviser. The Administrative Coordinator will be responsible for all expenses of its own staff responsible for (i) certain on-going,
 routine, non-investment-related
 administrative services for the Company, (ii) the coordination of various third party services needed or required by the Company and (iii) certain Unitholder servicing functions. 
 The Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fee will be appropriately adjusted for any stub period. 

96 

Table of Contents 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

and , respectively, in Management Fees, and , respectively, in Administration Fees and and , respectively in Incentive Fees. 

In addition, prior to an Exchange 

 Listing, the aggregate amount of the operating expenses relating to Unitholders investing directly in the Company will not exceed the following limits in any fiscal year: (A) if the Company has less than or equal to in Commitments, an amount equal to the sum of (x) the product of the Commitments and and (y) , or (B) if the Company has greater than in Commitments, (such figure, the Operating Expense Cap ). Any amount in excess of the Operating Expense Cap for any fiscal year will be paid by the Adviser. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Operating Expense Cap will not apply to any fees, costs, expenses and liabilities allocable to persons investing indirectly in the Company through any Unitholder, (ii) the Company will not bear the costs of any third-party valuation agent engaged solely for purposes of valuing the Company s portfolio investments at each quarter end and (iii) the Operating Expense Cap will no longer apply upon the effectuation of an Exchange Listing. 

The Adviser or Administrative 

 Coordinator and/or their affiliates has advanced organizational and offering expenses to the Company, which include organizational fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of the Company, including legal expenses, incurred in connection with the initial offering of Units and the formation and establishment of the Company (the Organizational Expenses ). The Adviser or Administrative Coordinator (or such affiliate) will be reimbursed by the Company for such advanced costs and expenses in an amount not to exceed . The Company will be responsible for and pay (or reimburse) the Organizational Expenses subject to the cap described in the preceding sentence. Accordingly, in 2021, of offering expenses were charged to capital and of organizational costs were expensed. 

97 

Table of Contents 

 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

98 

Table of Contents 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

Warrants

Total Investments

While the Company has not made an election to apply the fair value option of accounting to any of its debt obligations, if the Company s debt obligations were carried at fair value at December 31, 2022, the fair value of the SPV Facility and the Subscription Facility would be and , respectively. 

99 

Table of Contents 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

Total gains or losses included in earnings:

Net realized gain

Net change in unrealized gain (loss)

() 

Purchase of investment securities

Proceeds from dispositions of investment securities

() 

() 
 
 Transfers into Level 3

Transfers out of Level 3

Fair value, December 31, 2022

Unrealized gains (losses) for the period relating to those Level 3 assets that were still held by the Company at the end of the period:

Net change in unrealized gain (loss)

() 

The following table provides a summary of the changes in fair value of Level 3 assets for the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, as well as the portion of gains or losses included in income attributable to unrealized gains or losses related to those assets still held at December 31, 2021: 

Bank Debt/Senior

 Secured Loans

Fair value, January 5, 2021

Total gains or losses included in earnings:

Net realized loss

Net change in unrealized gain

Purchase of investment securities

Proceeds from dispositions of investment securities

() 
 
 Transfers into Level 3

Transfers out of Level 3

Fair value, December 31, 2021

Unrealized gains for the period relating to those Level 3 assets that were still held by the Company at the end of the period:

Net change in unrealized gain

100 

Table of Contents 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts)

Quantitative Information about Level 
3 Fair Value Measurements

Income Approach 
 
 Market Yield 

Warrants

Market Approach 
 
 Volatility 

Significant increases or decreases in any of the above unobservable inputs in isolation, including unobservable inputs used in deriving bid-ask
 spreads, if applicable, would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement for such assets. Generally, an increase in market yields may result in a decrease in the fair value of certain of the Company s investments. 

Income Approach 
 
 Market Yield 

Significant increases or decreases in any of the above unobservable inputs in isolation, including unobservable inputs used in deriving bid-ask
 spreads, if applicable, would result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement for such assets. Generally, an increase in market yields may result in a decrease in the fair value of certain of the Company s investments. 

101 

Table of Contents 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

SPV Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. acting as administrative agent. The commitment can also be expanded up to . The stated interest rate on the SPV Facility is plus with floor requirement and the final maturity date is . The fee on undrawn commitments is currently . . Under the terms of the SPV Facility, the Company and SPV, as applicable, have made certain customary representations and warranties, and are required to comply with various covenants, including leverage restrictions, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The SPV also includes usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of this nature. There were of borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 under the SPV Facility. 
 Subscription Facility

 On March 19, 2021, the Company established the Subscription Facility with ING Capital LLC. The stated interest rate on the Subscription Facility is plus - 
 and the current stated maturity date is . On December 14, 2021, the Subscription Facility was amended, allowing for increased borrowing base availability, among other changes. Under the terms of the Subscription Facility, the Company has made certain customary representations and warranties, and is required to comply with various covenants, including reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The Subscription Facility also includes usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of this nature. As of December 31, 2022, there were of borrowings outstanding under the Subscription Facility. 
 The average annualized interest cost for borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period March 19, 2021 (commencement of the Subscription Facility) to December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. These costs are exclusive of other credit facility expenses such as unused fees. The maximum amount borrowed on the credit facilities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period March 19, 2021 (commencement of the Subscription Facility) to December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. 

102 

Table of Contents 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

and , respectively, comprised of the following: 

Apeel Technology, Inc.

Glooko, Inc.

SCP Eye Care, LLC

Oral Surgery Partners Holdings, LLC

Plastics Management, LLC

Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc.

Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Ardelyx, Inc.

Southern Orthodontic Partners Management, LLC

Pediatric Home Respiratory Services, LLC

Cerapedics, Inc.

Orthopedic Care Partners Management, LLC

Meditrina, Inc.

Ivy Fertility Services, LLC

BayMark Health Services, Inc.

SunMed Group Holdings, LLC

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

Rezolute, Inc.

SOC Telemed, Inc.

RQM+ Corp.

MMIT Holdings, LLC

Total Commitments

The credit agreements of the above loan commitments contain customary lending provisions and/or are subject to the portfolio company s achievement of certain milestones that allow relief to the Company from funding obligations for previously made commitments in instances where the underlying company experiences materially adverse events that affect the financial condition or business outlook for the company. Since these commitments may expire without being drawn upon, unfunded commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements or future earning assets for the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had sufficient cash available and/or liquid securities available to fund its commitments and had reviewed them for any appropriate fair value 
 adjustment. 

In the normal course of business, we invest or trade in various financial instruments and may enter into various investment activities with off-balance
 sheet risk, which may include forward foreign currency contracts. Generally, these financial instruments represent future commitments to purchase or sell other financial instruments at specific terms at future dates. These financial instruments contain varying degrees of off-balance
 sheet risk whereby changes in the market value or our satisfaction of the obligations may exceed the amount recognized in our Statement of Assets and Liabilities.

103 

Table of Contents 
 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

Units issued

Units canceled

() 

Units issued and outstanding at end of period

Commencement of operations 

104 

Table of Contents 
 SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

Net investment income (loss)

() 
 
 Net realized and unrealized gain

Net increase (decrease) in Unitholders capital resulting from operations

() 
 
 Distributions to Unitholders:

From distributable earnings

() 

Issuance of initial
 units

Offering costs

() 

Net asset value per unit, end of period

Total Return (b)(c)

() 
 
 Unitholders capital, end of period

Units outstanding, end of period

Ratios to average net assets of Unitholders Capital (c):

Net investment income (loss)

() 

Operating expenses

Interest and other credit facility expenses

Total expenses

Average debt outstanding

Portfolio turnover ratio

(a) 
 and , respectively. 

(b) 

(c) 

105 

Table of Contents 

SLR HC BDC LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except unit amounts) 

Capital gains

Return of capital

Total distributions

Undistributed long-term net capital gains

Total undistributed net earnings

Post-October capital losses

Capital loss carryforward

Other book/tax temporary differences

() 

() 
 
 Net unrealized depreciation

() 

() 

Total tax accumulated loss

() 

() 

(1) 

The Company recognizes in its consolidated financial statements the tax effect of a tax position when it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination. To the best of our knowledge, we did not have any uncertain tax positions that met the recognition or measurement criteria of ASC 740-10-25

 nor did we have any unrecognized tax benefits as of the periods presented herein. Although we file federal and state tax returns, our major tax jurisdiction is federal. Our tax returns for federal tax years since 2021 remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and the state department of revenue. 
 Note 9(b). Other Tax Information (unaudited) 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of the distributions paid during the year were eligible for qualified dividend income treatment or the dividends received deduction for corporate stockholders. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of each of the distributions paid during the year represent interest-related dividends. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of the distributions represent short-term capital gains dividends. There were distributions during the period January 5, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. 

106

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of December 31, 2022 (the end of the period covered by this report), our management, including our Co-Chief
 Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
 of the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Co-Chief
 Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Co-Chief
 Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of such possible controls and procedures. 
 (b) Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon the criteria in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on management s assessment, management determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

 Due to the Company s status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, the Company was not required to obtain an attestation report from the Company s independent registered public accounting firm on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

 (c) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Management has not identified any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

 Item 9B. Other Information 

Not applicable. 

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not Applicable. 

107 

Table of Contents 
 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Certain information with respect to the Company s directors is set forth below, including their names, ages, a brief description of their recent business experience, including present occupations and employment, certain directorships that each person holds, the year in which each person became a director of the Company, and a discussion of their particular experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that lead the Company to conclude that such individual should serve as a director of the Company, in light of the Company s business and structure. There were no legal proceedings of the type described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K
 in the past 10 years against any of the directors, director nominees, officers, or promoters of the Company and none are currently pending. There is no arrangement or understanding between any of the Company s directors or officers pursuant to which they were selected as directors or officers and the Company or any other person or entity. 
 Mr. Gross is an interested person of the Company as defined in the 1940 Act due to his position as Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President of the Company and a managing member of the Adviser. Mr. Spohler is an interested person of the Company as defined in the 1940 Act due to his position as Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and a managing member of the Adviser. Each of Mr. Wachter, Mr. Hochberg and Mr. Potter is not an interested person of the Company as defined in the 1940 Act. Information regarding the Board is as follows: 

Name

Age

Position

Director Since

Interested Directors

Michael S. Gross

61 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 2020 
 
 Bruce Spohler

62 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 2020 
 
 Independent Directors

Steve Hochberg

61 

Director 
 
 2020 
 
 David S. Wachter

59 

Director 
 
 2020 
 
 Leonard A. Potter

61 

Director 
 
 2020 
 The address for each of our directors is c/o SLR HC BDC LLC, 500 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022. 

 Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors 

Name

Age

Position

Richard L. Peteka

61 

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 
 Guy Talarico

67 

Chief Compliance Officer 
 Biographical Information 

Interested Directors 

Michael S. Gross

has been the chairman of the board of directors, President, and Co-Chief
 Executive Officer of the Company since September 2020. Mr. Gross has been the chairman of the board of directors of SLR Investment Corp. since December 2007, president of SLR Investment Corp. since November 2007, sole chief executive officer of SLR Investment Corp. from November 2007 to June 2019 and co-chief
 executive officer of SLR Investment Corp. since June 2019. Mr. Gross has been the chairman of the board of directors SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since May 2018, president of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since June 2018, sole chief executive officer of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC from June 2018 to June 2019 and co-chief executive officer of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since June 2019. Mr. Gross has been the chairman of the board of directors, co-chief
 executive officer and president of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022. Mr. Gross also currently serves as a managing member of SLR. Mr. Gross was previously the chairman of the board of directors and president of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from December 2010 to April 2022, sole chief executive officer of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from December 2010 to June 2019 and co-chief executive officer of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from June 2019 to April 2022. Mr. Gross also serves as the chairman of the board of directors of Global Ship Lease Inc. 
 Mr. Gross holds a B.B.A. in accounting from the University of Michigan and an M.M. from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. Mr. Gross intimate knowledge of the business and operations of SLR Capital Partners, extensive familiarity with the financial industry and the investment management process in particular, and experience as a director of other public and private companies not only gives the Board valuable insight but also positions him well to continue to serve as the Chairman of our Board. 

108 

Table of Contents 
 Bruce Spohler

has been a director, Chief Operating Officer and Co-Chief
 Executive Officer of the Company since September 2020. Mr. Spohler has been a director of SLR Investment Corp. since September 2009, chief operating officer of SLR Investment Corp. since December 2007, and co-chief
 executive officer of SLR Investment Corp. since June 2019. Mr. Spohler has been a director of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since May 2018, chief operating officer of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since June 2018 and the co-chief executive officer of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since June 2019. Mr. Spohler has been the co-chief
 executive officer, chief operating officer and a director of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022. Mr. Spohler also currently serves as a managing member of SLR. Mr. Spohler was previously the chief operating officer and a director of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from December 2010 to April 2022 and the co-chief executive officer of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from June 2019 to April 2022. 
 Mr. Spohler earned a B.S. from Syracuse University and an M.M. from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. Mr. Spohler s depth of experience in managerial positions in investment management, leveraged finance and financial services, as well as his intimate knowledge of SLR Capital s business and operations, gives the Board valuable industry-specific knowledge and experience on these and other matters. 

 Independent Directors 

Steven Hochberg

has been a director of the Company since September 2020. Further, he has been a director of SLR Investment Corp. since November 2007, a director of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since May 2018 and a director of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022. Mr. Hochberg is the co-founder
 and co-general
 partner of Triatomic Capital G.P. LLC since 2022. Mr. Hochberg previously served as a director of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from January 2011 until April 2022. Mr. Hochberg has been an operating partner of Deerfield Management, a healthcare investing firm, since 2022 and served as a partner of Deerfield Management from 2013 to 2021. Mr. Hochberg is the co-founder and
 manager of Ascent Biomedical Ventures, a venture capital firm focused on early stage investment development and of biomedical companies, since 2004. Since 2011, Mr. Hochberg had been the chairman of the board of directors Continuum Health Partners, one of the largest non-profit hospital
 systems in New York City, until its merger with Mount Sinai in 2013, where he is a vice chairman of Mount Sinai Health System, a non-profit healthcare
 integrated delivery system in New York City. Mr. Hochberg serves on the board of directors of a number of private healthcare companies, and as a director of the Cardiovascular Research Foundation, an organization focused on advancing new technologies and education in the field of cardiovascular medicine. Mr. Hochberg holds a B.B.A. from the University of Michigan and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Mr. Hochberg s varied experience in investing in medical technology companies provides the Board with particular knowledge of this field, and his role as chairman of other companies board of directors brings the perspective of a knowledgeable corporate leader. 
 Leonard A. Potter

has been a director of the Company since September 2020. Further, he has been a director of SLR Investment Corp. since September 2009, a director of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since May 2018 and a director of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022. Mr. Potter previously served as a director of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from January 2011 to April 2022. Mr. Potter is currently the president and chief investment officer of Wildcat Capital Management, LLC, a registered investment adviser, since 2011. Mr. Potter has served as senior managing director at Vida Ventures I and II, each a biotech venture fund, since 2017. From December 2002 through July 2009, Mr. Potter was a managing director Soros Private Equity at Soros Fund Management LLC where, from May 2005 through July 2009, Mr. Potter served as co-head of
 the Private Equity group and a member of the Private Equity Investment Committee. Mr. Potter is currently a member of the board of directors of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. since 2017 and a director (currently lead independent director) of SuRo Capital Corp., a publicly-traded BDC since 2011, and several private companies. Mr. Potter has a B.A. from Brandeis University and a J.D. from the Fordham University School of Law. Mr. Potter s experience practicing as a corporate lawyer provides valuable insight to the Board on regulatory and risk management issues. In addition, his tenure in private equity investments and service as a director of both public and private companies provide industry-specific knowledge and experience to the Board. 
 David S. Wachter

has been a director of the Company since September 2020. Further, he has been a director of SLR Investment Corp. since November 2007, a director of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since May 2018 and a director of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022. Mr. Wachter previously served as a director of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from January 2011 to April 2022. Mr. Wachter is a founding partner and managing partner of W Capital Partners, a private equity fund manager, since 2001. Mr. Wachter has a B.S. in Engineering, with a major in Computer Science and Applied Mathematics, from Tufts University and an M.B.A. from New York University Graduate School of Business. Mr. Wachter s extensive knowledge of private equity and investment banking provides the Board with the valuable insight of an experienced financial manager. 

109 

Table of Contents 
 Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors 

Richard L. Peteka

has been the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company since September 2020. He has been the chief financial officer, treasurer and secretary of SLR Investment Corp. since May 2012, the chief financial officer, treasurer and secretary of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since June 2018 and the chief financial officer, treasurer and secretary of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022. In addition, Mr. Peteka previously served as the chief financial officer, treasurer and secretary of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from May 2012 to April 2022. Mr. Peteka joined SLR from Apollo Investment Corporation, a publicly-traded BDC, where he served from 2004 to 2012 as the chief financial officer and treasurer. Mr. Peteka holds a B.S. in Finance from The College at Old Westbury and an MBA in International Finance from St. John s University. 
 Guy Talarico

has been the Chief Compliance Officer of the Company since September 2020. He has been the chief compliance officer of SLR Investment Corp. since July 2008, the chief compliance officer of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since June 2018 and the chief compliance officer of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022. In addition, Mr. Talarico previously served as the chief compliance officer of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from December 2010 until April 2022. Mr. Talarico serves as managing director of ACA Group, LLC (successor to Foreside Consulting Services LLC, and ultimate successor to Alaric Compliance Services, LLC, which he founded in December 2005). Mr. Talarico has served and continues to serve as chief compliance officer for other BDCs, funds and/or investment advisers who are not affiliated with the SLR entities. Mr. Talarico holds a B.S. ChE from Lehigh University, an M.B.A. from Fairleigh Dickinson University and a J.D. from New York Law School. 
 Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by our Board. The charter sets forth the responsibilities of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee s responsibilities include selecting the independent registered public accounting firm for the Company, reviewing with such independent registered public accounting firm the planning, scope and results of their audit of the Company s financial statements, pre-approving the
 fees for services performed, reviewing with the independent registered public accounting firm the adequacy of internal control systems, reviewing the Company s annual financial statements and periodic filings and receiving the Company s audit reports and financial statements. The Audit Committee has also established guidelines and make recommendations to our Board regarding the valuation of our investments. The Audit Committee is responsible for aiding our Board in determining the fair value of debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or for which current market values are not readily available. The Board and the Audit Committee may utilize the services of nationally recognized third-party valuation firms to help determine the fair value of material assets. The Audit Committee is composed of Steve Hochberg, David S. Wachter and Leonard A. Potter. Mr. Hochberg serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. Our Board has determined that Mr. Hochberg is an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under Item 407 of Regulation S-K, as
 promulgated under the 1934 Act. Mr. Hochberg meets the current independence and experience requirements of Rule 10A-3 of
 the 1934 Act. 
 Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to, among others, its senior officers, including its Co-Chief
 Executive Officers and its Chief Financial Officer, as well as every officer, director and employee of the Company. The Company s code of ethics is filed herewith and the Company intends to disclose amendments to or waivers from a required provision of the code of ethics on Form 8-K.
 
 Nomination of Directors 

There have been no material changes to the procedures by which Unitholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors implemented since the filing of our annual report on Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Company currently does not consider nominees recommended by our Unitholders. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation of Executive Officers 

None of our affiliated officers receives direct compensation from the Company. Mr. Gross, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President, and Mr. Spohler, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer, through their ownership interest in our Adviser, are entitled to a portion of any profits earned by the Company, which includes any fees payable by us to the Company under the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, less expenses incurred by Adviser in performing its services under the Investment Management Agreement. Mr. Gross and Mr. Spohler do not receive any additional compensation from Adviser in connection with the management of our portfolio. 

110 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Peteka, our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary is paid by the Adviser or its affiliates, and such costs or payments are not subject to reimbursement by the Company. Through unaffiliated ACA Group, LLC, Guy Talarico is our Chief Compliance Officer CCO ). ACA Group, LLC and our CCO are paid by us on a direct basis and will be approved annually by our Board of Directors. 

 Compensation of Directors 

The following table sets forth the compensation of the Company s directors for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name

Fees Earned or Paid

 in Cash(1)

Stock

 Awards(2)

All Other

 Compensation

Total

Interested Directors

Michael S. Gross

Bruce Spohler

Independent Directors

Steven Hochberg

25,000 

25,000 

David S. Wachter

25,000 

25,000 

Leonard A. Potter

25,000 

25,000 

(1) 
 No compensation is paid to our directors who are interested persons, as such term is defined in Section 2(a) (19) of the 1940 Act. We pay each independent director 25,000 per year for serving as a director. We are also authorized to pay the reasonable out-of-pocket

 expenses of each independent director incurred by such director in connection with the fulfillment of his or her duties as an independent director. 

(2) 
 We do not maintain a stock or option plan, non-equity incentive
 plan or pension plan for our directors. 
 
 Compensation Committee 

The Company currently does not have a Compensation Committee. 

 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

During fiscal year 2022 none of the Company s executive officers served on the board of directors (or a compensation committee thereof or other board committee performing equivalent functions) of any entities that had one or more executive officers serve on the Compensation Committee of the Company or on the Board of Directors of the Company. No member of the Compensation Committee had any relationship requiring disclosure under any paragraph of Item 404 of Regulation S-K.
 
 Compensation Committee Report 

Currently, none of our executive officers are compensated by the Company, and as such the Company is not required to produce a report on executive officer compensation for inclusion in our annual report on Form 10-K.
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Unitholder Matters 

The following table sets forth, as of February 24, 2023, the beneficial ownership of each director and executive officer of the Company, and the executive officers and directors as a group. 

 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Unless otherwise indicated, the Company believes that each beneficial owner set forth in the table has sole voting and investment power and has the same address as the Company. Our address is 500 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022. 

111 

Table of Contents 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner

Number of Units

 Owned Beneficially (1)

Percentage

 of Class(2)

Interested Directors

Michael S. Gross

Bruce Spohler

Independent Directors

Steven Hochberg

Leonard A. Potter

David S. Wachter

Executive Officers

Richard L. Peteka

Guy Talarico

All executive officers and directors as a group (7 persons)

(1) 
 Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3
 under the 1934 Act. 

(2) 
 Based on a total of 888,565 Company s Units issued and outstanding on February 24, 2023. 

Set forth below is the dollar range of equity securities beneficially owned by each of our directors as of February 24, 2023. We are not part of a family of investment companies, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. 

Name of Director

Dollar Range of Equity

 Securities Beneficially Owned (1)(2)

Interested Directors

Michael S. Gross

Bruce Spohler

Independent Directors

Steven Hochberg

Leonard A. Potter

David S. Wachter

(1) 
 The dollar ranges are: None, 1- 10,000, 10,001- 50,000, 50,001- 100,000, or

Over 100,000. 

(2) 
 Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 16a-1(a)(2)
 of the 1934 Act. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Transactions with Related Persons, Promoters and Certain Control Persons 

Investment Management Agreement 

We have entered into the Investment Management Agreement with the Adviser pursuant to which we pay management fees, administrative coordinator fees and incentive fees to the Adviser. The Board held a meeting on January 24, 2023 to approve the Investment Management Agreement. In reliance on certain exemptive relief provided by the SEC, the Board undertook to ratify the Investment Management Agreement at its next in-person
 meeting. Subject to certain restrictions, the Investment Management Agreement will remain in effect from year to year if approved annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of independent directors, or by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities until terminated by the Company, or by the Adviser, upon 60 days prior written notice.
 Administration Services 

Pre-Exchange
 Listing
. Prior to an Exchange Listing, pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the Adviser has also been appointed as the Administrative Coordinator. The Administrative Coordinator will supervise or provide the Company s administrative services, including operational trade support, NAV calculations, financial reporting, fund accounting, registrar and transfer agent services. The Administrative Coordinator provides assistance to the Adviser in connection with communicating with investors and other persons with respect to the Company. The Administrative Coordinator, when acting in its administrative capacity, does not provide any investment advisory or investment management services to the Company. Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the Company pays the Administrative Coordinator the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Administration Fee for its services. 

112 

Table of Contents 
 The Investment Management Agreement contains limitations on liability and indemnifications in favor of the Administrative Coordinator, provided that the Administrative Coordinator s actions do not constitute fraud, bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct (collectively, Wrongful Conduct ). The Administrative Coordinator s liability to the Company is subject to an overall cap (except where the Administrative Coordinator has engaged in Wrongful Conduct). In the event that the Administrative Coordinator is terminated or resigns as the administrative coordinator to the Company, the Board reserves the ability to appoint one or more different or replacement administrative coordinators in its sole discretion at any time without notice to the Unitholders, or to assume the Administrative Coordinator s role on the same or similar terms in providing administration services to the Company. 

 Our Board will approve the engagement of the Administrative Coordinator on an annual basis prior to an Exchange Listing. In connection with such approval, the Board, including a majority of independent directors, reviews the engagement of the Administrative Coordinator to determine that the relevant provisions of the Investment Management Agreement are carried out satisfactorily and to determine, among other things, whether the fees payable to the Administrative Coordinator are reasonable in light of the services provided. The Board also considers the possibility of obtaining such services from a different third party and whether any other third party service provider would be capable of providing all such services at comparable cost, quality and timeliness. 

 Post-Exchange Listing
. As described above, in connection with an Exchange Listing, and subject to Board approval, the Company intends to enter into an administration agreement with SCM pursuant to which SCM will provide administrative services to the Company. For providing these services, facilities and personnel, the Company will reimburse SCM for the Company s allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by SCM in performing its obligations under the administration agreement. 
 Use of Name 

Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, SLR has granted us a non-exclusive license
 to use the name SLR HC BDC LLC as the name of the Company and in connection with the marketing and operation of the Company. We have a right to use the SLR HC BDC LLC name for so long as the Adviser or one of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the SLR HC BDC LLC name or logo. 
 Relationship with the Adviser and Potential Conflicts of Interest 

Conflicts of Interest; Other Activities of the Adviser
. Various potential and actual conflicts of interest are expected to arise from the overall investment activities of the Adviser and its affiliates, some of which are noted below. The Adviser and its affiliates serve as an investment adviser to other investment vehicles, funds and clients and expect to make investment decisions for the accounts of others, including other investment vehicles and funds, that are different from those that will be made by the Adviser on behalf of the Company. Such conflicts may arise, for example, when both the Company and/or clients of SLR invest in (i) securities or other instruments issued by a particular issuer and in certain assets owned by such issuer; and (ii) different parts of an issuer s capital structure, whereby one or more clients own senior debt obligations of an issuer and other clients own junior debt or equity of the same issuer, or one or more clients own public securities and other clients own private securities, as well as circumstances in which clients invest in different tranches of the same investment. In such circumstances, matters such as decisions over the operations or activities of the issuer involved; negotiations over the terms and conditions of the investment; decisions with respect to amendments, consents or waivers; the targeted returns from the investment; the timeframe for, or method of, exiting the investment; or bankruptcy-related matters (including decisions over whether to trigger an event of default or over the terms of any workout) are likely to result in conflicts of interest. 
 Similar conflicts of interest are likely to arise to the extent a Portfolio Investment is in competition with investments owned by the Adviser, its clients or affiliates e.g.

, investments in similar regions or markets may compete with respect to customers, tenants and/or purchasers). In order to minimize such conflicts, the Company may avoid making certain investments or taking certain actions that would potentially give rise to conflicts of interest, which could have the effect of limiting the Company s investment opportunities. Alternatively, the Company might resolve the conflict by adopting a particular strategy (including disposing of an investment earlier than it otherwise would have if no conflict existed), which could result in a different investment outcome than might arise if the Company had adopted an otherwise different investment strategy. 

113 

Table of Contents 
 All conflicts of interest will be resolved by the Adviser in its sole discretion. When making investment decisions where a conflict of interest may arise, the Adviser will endeavor to act in a fair and equitable manner as between the Company and other clients of SLR; however, there can be no assurance that the Adviser will be able to resolve such conflict of interest in a fair and equitable manner. For example, in certain instances the resolution of the conflict may result in the Adviser acting on behalf of itself, an affiliate or another client of an affiliate of SLR, or any of their respective affiliates (for example, by foreclosing on loans, putting an issuer into default and/or transacting with an issuer) in a manner that is not in the best interests, or is opposed to the interests, of the Company. 

 Subject to the foregoing and applicable law, (i) the Adviser and its affiliates expect to invest for the accounts of clients in various securities or other instruments or investments that are senior, pari passu

 or junior to, or have interests different from or adverse to, the securities or other instruments or investments that are owned by the Company, (ii) the Adviser and its affiliates may engage in transactions, on an arms-length basis, that arrange for or provide financing or leverage for the Company s investment program and/or investments, and the Company may pledge or sell assets (including pursuant to reverse repurchase agreements) to the Adviser and its affiliates in connection therewith and (iii) the Adviser and/or its affiliates expects to at certain times be simultaneously seeking to purchase (or sell) investments for the Company and to sell (or purchase) the same investment for accounts, funds or structured products for which it serves as asset manager now or in the future, or for its clients or affiliates, and to enter into cross trades (including similar transactions such as novations of derivatives transactions) in such circumstances, including with respect to securities or other assets that may be illiquid and difficult to value. In addition, the Adviser and its affiliates expect to buy securities and other investments from or sell securities and other investments to the Company, if permitted by and in accordance with applicable law. These other relationships may also result in securities laws restrictions on transactions in these instruments by the Company and otherwise create potential conflicts of interest for the Adviser. In the event that the Adviser enters into a transaction resulting in such simultaneous buying and selling or cross trades, the transaction will be reported to the Board in accordance with the Company s compliance policies and procedures. 
 Conflicts of interest may also arise where, for example, the Company holds certain loans of an issuer, and that same issuer has issued other loans or instruments that are owned by other clients of SLR or by an entity, in which other clients of SLR have an interest; in such circumstances, SLR may take actions with respect to the assets held by such client that are adverse to the Company, for example, by foreclosing on loans or by putting an issuer into default. In negotiating the terms and conditions of any such investments, or any subsequent amendments or waivers, the Adviser may find that the interests of the Company and the interests of one or more other clients of SLR could conflict. In these situations, decisions over whether to make an investment, proxy voting, corporate reorganization, how to exit an investment, the servicing of loans or bankruptcy matters are likely to result in conflicts of interest. Similarly, if an issuer in which the Company and one or more other clients of SLR directly or indirectly hold different classes of securities (or other assets, instruments or obligations issued by such issuer or underlying investments of such issuer) encounters financial problems, decisions over the terms of any restructuring or workout are likely to raise conflicts of interest (including, for example, conflicts over proposed waivers and amendments to debt covenants). For example, a debt holder may be better served by a liquidation of the issuer in which it may be paid in full, whereas an equity or junior bond holder might prefer a reorganization that holds the potential to create value for the equity holders. Although in some cases the Adviser may refrain from taking certain actions or making investments on behalf of the Company because of conflicts (potentially disadvantaging the Company as a result of actions not taken or investments not made), in other cases the Adviser will not refrain from taking actions or making investments on behalf of the Company that have the potential to disadvantage other SLR clients. 

 Except as otherwise expressly set forth in the LLC Agreement, or as required by law, the Adviser or its respective affiliates will not be obligated to refer any actual or potential conflict of interest to Unitholders, or to act in accordance with their advice and counsel. However, if the Company chooses or is required under the LLC Agreement or by law to do so, matters approved by a majority in interest of Unitholders (as applicable) will be final and binding on the Company, the Unitholders, the Access Fund and the Access Fund LPs. 

 Certain Portfolio Investments may engage in activities or take actions that adversely impact the Company or its other Portfolio Investments; provided that such Portfolio Investment does not engage in such activities or actions at the instruction of the Adviser. With respect to Portfolio Investments for which it does not exercise influence or control, the Adviser will likely have limited or no ability to impact such matters. Furthermore, with respect to Portfolio Investments for which it does exercise influence or control, there can be no assurance that the Adviser will be able to impact such matters; for example, directors appointed by the Adviser will have duties to persons other than the Company and/or may recuse themselves from matters presenting actual or potential conflicts of interest. 

114 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, the Company may be unable or limited in its ability to acquire Portfolio Investments or take certain actions with respect to Portfolio Investments (including taking active positions with respect to such Portfolio Investments) due to the Adviser s duties to other clients or under applicable law (including the Advisers Act, the 1940 Act and U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA )) or by the Adviser s intention to avoid certain potential conflicts of interest or regulatory issues or obligations, and individual members of the investment team may be subject to similar constraints (or unable to participate in certain Company matters) due to similar considerations. Similarly, the Adviser may be required to take certain actions (including disposing of investments owned by the Company and/or other clients) due to such issues, obligations or potential conflicts. In order for the Adviser to adhere to its applicable fiduciary obligations as well as to address and/or mitigate conflicts of interest, it may not be possible or appropriate to make available resources of the Adviser that might be relevant to particular investment decisions by the investment professionals responsible for the Company s investment program. Such restrictions could result in such investment professionals making investment or other decisions for the Company that are different from the decisions they would make if there were no such limits or restrictions. 

 In connection with its investment program, the Company, in the sole discretion of the Adviser may take various forms of action Litigation Actions with other investors and/or parties, including issuing demand letters, making and defending claims, filing lawsuits and/or taking other dispute resolution-related measures. In connection with such Litigation Actions, the Company may be required to bear certain fees, costs, expenses and liabilities. Other SLR clients that are or were investors in, or otherwise involved with, the subject investments may or may not (depending on the circumstances) be parties to such Litigation Actions, with the result that the Company may participate in Litigation Actions in which not all SLR clients with similar investments may participate, and such non-participating
 clients may benefit from the results of such Litigation Actions without bearing or otherwise being subject to the associated fees, costs, expenses and liabilities. SLR, for example, typically does not pursue legal claims on behalf of its separately managed client accounts. 
 Although the principals and employees of the Adviser will devote as much time to the Company as the Adviser deems appropriate, the principals and employees may have conflicts in allocating their time and services among the Company and the other accounts now or hereafter advised by the Adviser and/or its affiliates. 

 The Adviser, the Administrative Coordinator and the Custodian will from time to time act as investment advisers, administrators or custodians in relation to, or otherwise be involved with, other companies established by parties other than the Company. Such companies may have similar objectives to the Company. Should a conflict of interest arise, the Board will endeavor to ensure that it is resolved fairly, to the extent it is in a position to do so. 

 In implementing its investment program, the Company expects to seek to acquire rights (including rights of first offer, rights of first refusal, non-competition
 rights, exclusivity rights and purchase rights) arising under existing contractual arrangements (including agreements with joint venture partners, servicers, originators and Portfolio Investments) of the Adviser, other clients of the Adviser or other affiliates of the foregoing; conversely, the Company may obtain such rights in connection with its investment program and may seek to transfer such rights to such entities. Any transfer of rights may or may not involve the receipt by the transferor of a purchase price or direct consideration, depending on the circumstances. Such activities are likely to give rise to certain conflicts of interest. In particular, (i) any such rights will likely be illiquid, and if sold will likely be difficult to value; (ii) the Adviser will be conflicted in determining whether to assign a value to any such right, as well as in determining any value assigned thereto; (iii) the Adviser may be incentivized to pursue investment opportunities arising under such arrangements (including due to a desire to maintain a long-term relationship with a transaction counterparty), and may forgo other attractive investment opportunities for the Company as a result; and (iv) to the extent the Company s rights are dependent on its ownership of a Portfolio Investment, the Adviser may be incentivized to extend such Portfolio Investment s duration to enable such rights to be transferred to another entity. Conversely, the Company may not (or may be unable to) acquire or dispose of such rights, which could give rise to certain conflicts of interest; for instance, if another client of the Adviser or its affiliates has a right of first offer with respect to transaction types, the Company s ability to pursue such transactions could be constrained if it does not acquire such right. In addition, the documentation relating to any assignment of such rights could be complex, difficult to enforce and (among other things) potentially expose the Company to the liabilities of another related entity. 
 The Company expects to make investments through joint ventures, strategic partnerships or similar arrangements with third parties, the terms of which will often provide for the payment of fees, incentive compensation and/or other amounts to such third parties. These amounts will typically be borne (directly or indirectly) by the Company. Such amounts will generally not give rise to a reduction in the Management Fees, Administration Expenses or Incentive Fees payable by the Company, and the Adviser may therefore be incentivized to pursue investment opportunities arising under such arrangements (including to maintain or develop a long-term or strategic relationship with a third party). 

115 

Table of Contents 
 Conflicts Related to Cross-Trades
. The Adviser may, to the extent permitted under applicable law, effect client cross trades where the Adviser causes a transaction to be effected between the Company and another account advised by it or its affiliate. The valuation of loans or other assets that may be transferred from the Company to other funds managed by the Adviser or affiliates involves inherent conflicts of interest for the Adviser, and there is no guarantee that the Adviser will resolve these conflicts in a manner that will not have an adverse effect on the Company. 
 Conflicts Related to Sale of Loans
. The Company may sell a portion of any loans or certain other assets originated by the Company to other funds managed by the Adviser or affiliates. As a result, the Company s initial participation in such loans or other assets may be greater, and its available liquid capital less, than it would have been if the Company did not expect to ultimately sell part of such loans or other assets to another fund managed by the Adviser or affiliates. To the extent the Company purchases loans or other assets and subsequently sells a portion thereof to other funds managed by the Adviser or affiliates, the Company will bear the risk of changes in the value of such loans or other assets during the period it holds such loans or other amounts and the amount of capital available to the Company to pursue other investment opportunities may be reduced. Furthermore, it may be difficult to determine the value of the loans or other assets transferred by the Company. As a result, consideration due to the Company from other funds managed by the Adviser or affiliates whenever it may sell the loans or other assets is subject to uncertainty and valuation risks as described elsewhere herein. The valuation of loans or other assets that may be transferred from the Company to other funds managed by the Adviser or affiliates involves inherent conflicts of interest for the Adviser, and there is no guarantee that the Adviser will resolve these conflicts in a manner that will not have an adverse effect on the Company. To help mitigate these conflicts, the Adviser may engage an independent third party valuation agent (whose fees will be borne by the Company) to price loans sold from the Company to other funds managed by the Adviser or affiliates. 
 Service Providers
. The nature of the relationship with a Service Provider and the amount of time devoted or required to be devoted by a Service Provider are expected to vary considerably. In some cases, a Service Provider may provide sector-, industry- and/or regional-specific insights and feedback on investment themes, assist in transaction due diligence, and/or make introductions to and provide reference checks on management teams. In other cases, Service Providers may take on more extensive roles and serve as executives or directors on the board of directors of Portfolio Investments or portfolio companies or contribute to the origination of new investment opportunities. In certain instances, there may be formal arrangements with Service Providers (which may or may not be terminable upon notice by any party), and in other cases the relationships may be more informal. Service Providers may receive compensation regardless of whether a Portfolio Investment is consummated (including pursuant to retainers and expense reimbursement), and/or may be uncompensated unless and until an engagement with a Portfolio Investment develops. In certain cases, they may have certain attributes of employees of the Adviser e.g.

, they may have dedicated offices at the Adviser, participate in general meetings and events for the Adviser personnel, work on matters of the Adviser as their primary or sole business activity and/or be compensated on a weekly or monthly basis rather than on a project basis) even though they are not considered employees of the Adviser, affiliates or personnel for purposes of provisions of this report, the LLC Agreement and the Investment Management Agreement relating to Adviser expenses. 
 Because certain services provided by Service Providers, such as the identification or analysis of investments, might otherwise be provided by employees of the Adviser, the Adviser will have an incentive to retain such Service Providers and have them paid by the Company rather than hiring employees or otherwise paying for these services out of its own resources, particularly since the fees, costs, expenses and liabilities of these parties may be substantial e.g.

, fees payable to individual Service Providers may exceed 1 million in any given year). There can be no assurance that any of the Service Providers will continue to serve in such roles for the expected duration of their engagement. Moreover, agreements with Service Providers may provide for the indemnification by the Company of a Service Provider against certain costs and liabilities, which may have the effect of reducing the Adviser s potential costs and obligations. In addition, if the Company utilizes a Service Provider that the Adviser, its clients and/or its affiliates have an option to acquire, the Adviser may be incentivized to have the Company provide substantial compensation or take other measures with respect to such Service Provider in order to facilitate such acquisition or enable the prospective purchasers to acquire the Service Provider on more favorable terms. 
 The Company expects to utilize or otherwise engage in transactions with, and to invest in entities that utilize or otherwise engage in transactions with, Service Providers that are owned by, affiliated with or otherwise related to the Company, other clients of the Adviser, the Adviser, or any affiliate or respective personnel thereof. The Company s involvement with affiliated Service Providers will give rise to conflicts of interest. For example, (i) while the Adviser may have an incentive to cause the Company to utilize affiliated Service Providers, there can be no guarantee that such Service Providers will have a positive impact on the Company or its investments, or that they will produce results better than unaffiliated Service Providers; (ii) the Adviser may be less incentivized to pursue remedies and enforce rights against an affiliated Service Provider as compared to an unaffiliated Service Provider; (iii) the Adviser may be incentivized to utilize an affiliated Service Provider in order to support such entity, benefit or reduce amounts owed by the other users of or purchasers from such entity, and/or benefit the Adviser-affiliated owners of such entity (which may not include the Company), including by generating fees or other compensation paid to such entity (which will not offset the Management Fee, Administration Expenses or Incentive Fees paid by the Company); (iv) while the fees and expenses paid to any Service Provider that is an affiliate of the Adviser will be determined in the Board s commercially reasonable discretion, taking into account the relevant facts and circumstances and consistent with 

116 

Table of Contents 
 the responsibilities of the Board and the Adviser, the Board may still be incentivized to agree to more favorable compensation terms with an affiliated Service Provider than with an unaffiliated Service Provider, and such terms will not necessarily be confirmed as being comparable to the market rates for such services; (v) to the extent the Company acquires or sells an interest in an affiliated Service Provider via cross trade with another affiliate of the Adviser, such investment will likely be illiquid and difficult to value, and such valuation will result in conflicts of interest; and (vi) to the extent any such Service Provider is owned by or services multiple Adviser-affiliated entities, the allocation of opportunities and expenses among the relevant entities will require the exercise of discretion. In addition, any such Service Provider may have duties to parties other than the Company, and the Company may not be able to control or influence the standards or actions of such Service Provider notwithstanding its affiliation. Any such affiliated Service Provider may also be acquired by one or more third parties or an affiliate of the Adviser, which could reduce or eliminate any benefits the Company previously received by virtue of its prior affiliation. 

 Potential Conflicts Relating to the Allocation of Investment Opportunities among the Company and Other Investment Vehicles
. Various potential and actual conflicts of interest are expected to arise in connection with the allocation of investment opportunities among the Company and other investment vehicles managed or advised by SLR. Investment opportunities that become known to the Adviser may be appropriate for the Company as well as for the Adviser s other clients and for the clients of SLR. The Adviser may face conflicts of interest with respect to the allocation of such opportunities. 
 The Company intends to co-invest
 with other SEC-regulated
 funds and private funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with applicable law and SEC staff interpretations. For example, the Company may co-invest
 with such accounts consistent with guidance promulgated by the SEC staff permitting the Company and such other accounts to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met, including that the Adviser, acting on our behalf and on behalf of other clients, negotiates no term other than price. The Company may also co-invest
 with the Adviser s or its affiliates other clients as otherwise permissible under the Order. The Order permits the Company to participate in negotiated co-investment
 transactions with certain affiliates, each of whose investment adviser is SLR or an investment adviser that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with SLR and is registered under the Advisers Act. Transactions entered pursuant to the Order must be conducted in a manner consistent with the Company s investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, and pursuant to the conditions in the Order. The limitations imposed by the Order or the inability to rely upon the Order could limit the ability of the Company to participate in certain investment opportunities. 
 The Adviser has written policies relating to the allocation of investment opportunities, and the Adviser will allocate investment opportunities that become known to the Adviser and that the Adviser considers appropriate for the Company among the Adviser s sponsored funds and other clients, in accordance with the Adviser s allocation policy and procedures. With respect to investment opportunities that are appropriate for other clients of SLR, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, SLR has agreed upon an allocation methodology that it believes will result in the relevant clients each being allocated an appropriate level of such opportunity. Although the Adviser intends to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner, decisions as to the allocation of investment opportunities present numerous conflicts of interest, which may not be resolved in a manner that is favorable to the Company s interests. Moreover, allocation decisions involving co-investment
 opportunities will depend on the ability of the Company and clients of the Adviser and SLR to rely on SEC exemptive relief relating to co-investments
 with business development companies advised by SLR. 
 The Adviser expects that in certain circumstances it will permit other investment vehicles to co-invest
 with the Company. In that case, allocations will be made in the sole discretion of the Adviser and may result in the investments being made on different terms or in different securities. In addition, these types of co-investments
 may result in conflicts regarding decisions relating to that investment, including with respect to timing of disposition or strategic objectives. 
 Material Non-Public
 Information
. The Adviser expects to come into possession of material non-public
 information concerning specific issuers. Under applicable securities laws, this may limit the Adviser s flexibility to buy or sell securities issued by such issuers on behalf of the Company or otherwise use such information for the benefit of the Company e.g.

, in situations when the Company is asked to grant consents, waivers or amendments with respect to loans, the Adviser s ability to assess the desirability of such consents, waivers and amendments may be compromised). The Adviser may decline to pursue certain investment opportunities or exit strategies on behalf of the Company in order to avoid being in possession of material non-public
 information in respect of an issuer where such possession would limit the Adviser s ability to trade in other securities of such issuer on behalf of their other clients. Alternatively, the Adviser may decline to receive material non-public
 information in order to avoid trading restrictions, even though access to such information might have been advantageous and other market participants are in possession of such information. 

117 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, in circumstances when a Unitholder receives, in connection with its investment in the Company, material non-public
 information concerning specific issuers, such Unitholder s flexibility to buy or sell securities issued by such issuers or otherwise use such information may similarly be limited or restricted under applicable securities laws. 
 With respect to transactions involving material non-public
 information (among others), the Investment Committee may delegate investment and/or asset management decisions to other investment professionals of the Adviser in their sole discretion. Any decisions made by such subset or other investment professionals may be materially different and/or less optimal than decisions that would have been made by the Investment Committee. 
 In the event any material, non-public
 information is disclosed to any person responsible for the affairs of the Company, the Company may be prohibited by applicable securities laws and the Company s Joint Code of Ethics and Insider Trading Policy from acting upon any such information. Due to these restrictions, the Company may not be able to conclude a transaction that it otherwise might have concluded. In other cases, because of confidential or material non-public
 information acquired by SLR, the Company may also be prohibited from acquiring an investment that it otherwise might have acquired. 
 Co-Investments

. With respect to a Portfolio Investment for which the Adviser determines co-investment
 capacity is available, the Adviser may, in its sole discretion, offer any portion of a co-investment
 to Unitholders or to third parties (which may be unaffiliated or affiliated with the Adviser or its affiliates, which may include Service Providers), or may cause the Company to retain such amounts. Each co-investment
 may be made by a separate vehicle formed for the purpose of making such co-investment.
 Any Unitholder participating in a co-investment
 may be required to pay fees (including management, incentive and administration fees) in connection with such co-investment
 (and, for the avoidance of doubt, any such fees or amounts shall not be considered Transaction Fees (as defined below). Distributions of income and proceeds related to each co-investment
 will be made separately from, and not aggregated with, distributions of income and proceeds related to the corresponding Portfolio Investment by the Company. Transaction Fees means the Company s portion (as determined by the Company in its reasonable discretion) of any directors , transaction, break-up,
 consulting, financial and advisory or other fees paid to the Adviser or any of its subsidiaries by any third party in connection with any proposed or existing Portfolio Investment; provided that, in each case, Transaction Fees will not include (i) any amounts paid as reimbursement for out-of-pocket

 expenses incurred in connection with providing services in respect of which such Transaction Fees were paid, (ii) any amounts paid to Service Providers in connection with any Company investment or (iii) any amounts paid by any investor or investment vehicle making a co-investment
 with the Company or investing alongside the Company. In determining the Company s portion of any Transaction Fees, the Company may take into account its proportionate ownership of a Portfolio Investment s entire capital structure (including both debt and equity). The Adviser or any of its subsidiaries may take actions to give effect to the above arrangement other than reducing Management Fees e.g.

, rebating or waiving Transaction Fees at the Portfolio Investment level), in which case Transaction Fees will not reduce Management Fees as described above. For the avoidance of doubt, any fees and expenses paid to SLR Healthcare ABL (f/k/a Gemino Healthcare Finance LLC), or any existing or future entity which has been acquired by the Adviser or any affiliate of the Adviser, in each case, on an arms-length basis in connection with services provided in relation to any Portfolio Investments are not Transaction Fees and will not offset Management Fees. 
 The Adviser is under no obligation to provide co-investment
 opportunities to Unitholders, and any such co-investment
 opportunity may be offered to one or more third parties. Co-investment
 opportunities will be allocated as determined by the Adviser in its sole discretion. In determining such allocations, the Adviser may take into account any facts or circumstances it deems appropriate, including the size of the prospective co-investor s
 investment in the Company and any other vehicles or accounts advised by the Adviser or its affiliates; whether and the extent to which the prospective co-investor
 has expressed an interest in co-investment
 opportunities; the Adviser s evaluation of the financial resources, sophistication and experience of the potential co-investor,
 with respect to the execution of co-investment
 transactions generally, and with respect to the geographic location or business activities of the applicable Portfolio Investment; perception of past experiences and relationships with each prospective co-investor;
 whether or not such person has co-invested
 previously and the ability of any such co-investor
 to respond promptly and appropriately to potential investment opportunities; perception of the legal, regulatory, reporting, public relations, competitive, confidentiality or other issues that may arise with respect to any prospective co-investor;
 and any strategic value or other benefit to the Adviser or its affiliates resulting from offering such co-investment
 opportunity to a prospective co-investor.
 Nothing in this report constitutes a guarantee, prediction or projection of the availability of co-investment
 opportunities. 
 Co-investments
 may result in conflicts between the Company and other co-investors
 (for example, over the price and other terms of such investment, exit strategies and related matters, including the exercise of remedies of their respective investments). Furthermore, to the extent that the Company holds interests that are different (or more senior) than those held by such other co-investors,
 the Adviser may be presented with decisions involving circumstances where the interests of such co-investors
 are in conflict with those of the Company. To the extent any affiliate of the Adviser co-invests
 with the Company, such conflicts will be heightened. 

118 

Table of Contents 
 The Adviser may grant certain Unitholders a priority right to participate in co-investment
 opportunities, subject to the requirements of the Order and to applicable law. The existence of such priority co-investment
 rights may result in other Unitholders receiving fewer or no co-investment
 opportunities. Because co-investors
 may not be identified and/or may not agree to invest until relatively late in the investment process, or for other reasons, co-investors
 may not bear their proportionate share of investment-related expenses (including broken deal expenses). Beneficial owners of more than 25 of the Company s Units are not permitted to participate in co-investment
 opportunities, and beneficial owners of between 5 and 25 of the Company s Units are only permitted to participate in co-investment
 opportunities upon approval of the Company s Board. A non-binding
 indication of interest in co-investments
 does not require the Adviser to notify such interested party of any co-investment
 opportunity. 
 Certain Potential Conflicts Relating to Expenses
. The appropriate allocation of fees and expenses among the Company and other funds or accounts advised by the Adviser or any of its affiliates often cannot be resolved by reference to a pre-existing
 formula and will require the exercise of discretion. In addition, it is expected that the Company will bear expenses related to investments that it does not consummate i.e.,

 broken deal expenses). While the Adviser has adopted policies and procedures designed to fairly and equitably allocate expenses, the Adviser and its affiliates will be subject to conflicts of interest in making such determinations, and there can be no assurance that errors will not arise in such allocations, or that any allocations (i) will reflect an entity s pro rata

 share of such expenses based on the amounts invested (or anticipated to be invested) / market value of the investment held (or anticipated to be held) by each fund or account managed by the Adviser or its affiliates or (ii) will be in proportion to the number of participating funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates, or the proportion of time spent on each fund managed by the Adviser or its affiliates, or that such allocations will not confer an economic benefit on other entities at the Company s expense. Similarly, the determination of whether an expense (for instance, the fees and expenses of consultants, contract employees, outside legal counsel and temporary employees (as well as secondees of any of the foregoing) who work on Company -related matters) is appropriately borne by the Company (or a specific group of Company investors) or the Adviser often cannot be resolved by reference to a pre-existing
 formula and will require the exercise of discretion, and the Adviser is subject to conflicts of interest in making such determinations. In particular, the Adviser may be incentivized to (i) classify expenses as borne by the Company as opposed to the Adviser and (ii) decrease the level or quality of third-party services provided to the Company to the extent such services are paid for by the Adviser. 
 For administrative and other reasons, the Adviser may (i) cause the Company to be invoiced for, advance or otherwise bear on a temporary basis all or a portion of an expense ultimately intended to be borne in whole or in part by another vehicle managed by the Adviser or an affiliate and/or (ii) make corrective allocations of expenses among such vehicles to reflect their appropriate share of such expenses. Such measures generally will not include the imposition of an interest charge or other payments designed to compensate (whether for time value, opportunity cost or otherwise) a particular vehicle for temporarily bearing a disproportionate share of expenses. 

 The Company and certain other funds managed by the Adviser or an affiliate may, but are not expected to hold certain investments and conduct certain activities through the same SPVs or other structures. The use of such common SPVs or other structures may give rise to various conflicts of interest; for example, the use of any such vehicle may make it more difficult to address specific considerations applicable to the Company than if separate vehicles were used. In addition, a level of discretion will be required with respect to each entity s relative participation in any such vehicle, including adjustments intended to reflect the entities relative capital available for investment as of the conclusion of their respective offering periods. 

 Incentive Fee; Use of Leverage
. The existence of the Adviser s Post-Exchange Listing Incentive Fee will create an incentive for the Adviser to make more speculative investments on behalf of the Company than it might otherwise make in the absence of such performance-based compensation. Additionally, the Company has broad authority to utilize leverage; as the use of leverage has the potential to magnify gains, the Adviser may be incentivized to utilize leverage in an effort to enhance the Company s performance and/or generate Incentive Fees for itself. Additionally, prior to an Exchange Listing, the Adviser may be incentivized to utilize a Commitment-based Company credit facility, since (i) borrowings associated with such facility generally will be included for purposes of the Pre-Exchange
 Listing Management Fee payable to the Adviser and (ii) the utilization of such facility may enable the Adviser not to draw down Commitments and thereby receive Pre-Exchange
 Listing Incentive Fees sooner than it would have in the absence of such facility. 
 Valuation
. Subject to approval by the Board, the Adviser will value securities, loans or other instruments for which market quotes are not readily available at fair value (or if extraordinary events occur after the last readily available quotation), and is subject to certain conflicts of interest in doing so. In particular, the Adviser may be incentivized to produce higher valuations in order to enhance Company performance, and/or due to the operation of the guideline. 

119 

Table of Contents 
 Diverse Unitholder Group
. It is expected that the Unitholders will have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with respect to their investments in the Company. The conflicting interests of Unitholders may relate to, or arise from, among other things, the acquisition or structuring of Portfolio Investments and the timing and disposition of Portfolio Investments. As a consequence, conflicts of interest may arise in connection with decisions made by the Adviser that may be more beneficial for one investor than for another investor, for example, with respect to Unitholders individual tax situations. In addition, the Company may make Portfolio Investments which may have a negative impact on related or unrelated investments made by Unitholders in transactions outside of the Company. In selecting and structuring Portfolio Investments appropriate for the Company, the Adviser will consider the investment and tax objectives of the Company and the Unitholders as a group, not the investment, tax or other objectives of any Unitholder individually. 
 Changing and Evolving Conflicts and Potential Conflicts
. From time to time, the Adviser, its affiliates and their personnel may enter new lines of business and modify or further develop existing lines of business for itself and for clients. Expertise in a range of disciplines may lead to the Adviser entering new businesses and/or other potential investment opportunities, directly or indirectly (including through joint ventures or other arrangements), which in turn may introduce potential conflicts in the allocation of time, resources and investment opportunities made available to the Company by the Adviser. Similarly, the composition of the Adviser may also change, and these changes may have an impact on the Company s business lines and the activities it conducts for itself and for clients. 
 There is no guarantee that the Adviser s business, and any associated potential conflicts of interest, will not change or become more acute. As a result, it is difficult to predict or foresee the potential conflicts that may arise as the business of the Adviser changes and evolves. Thus, potential investors should view these disclosures as being preliminary only and not exhaustive. 

Certain Business Relationships 

Certain of our current directors and officers are directors or officers of other funds managed by the Adviser. 

 Director Independence 

Pursuant to Section 56 of the 1940 Act, a majority of a BDC s board of directors must be comprised of persons who are not interested persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of the Company or any of its affiliates. 

 Consistent with these considerations, after review of all relevant transactions and relationships between each director, or any of his or her family members, and the Company, the Adviser, or of any of their respective affiliates, the Board has determined that Messrs. Hochberg, Potter and Wachter qualify as independent directors. Each director who serves on the Audit Committee is an independent director for purposes of Rule 10A-3
 under the 1934 Act. 
 Promoters and Certain Control Persons 

The Adviser may be deemed a promoter of the Company. We have entered into the Investment Management Agreement with the Adviser. The Adviser, for its services to us, is entitled to receive management fees and incentive fees in addition to the reimbursement of certain expenses. In addition, under the Investment Management Agreement, we expect, to the extent permitted by applicable law and in the discretion of our Board, to indemnify the Adviser and certain of its affiliates. 

 Limitation on Liability of Directors; Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 

Under the LLC Agreement, we will fully indemnify any person who was or is involved in any actual or threatened action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that such person is or was one of our directors or officers. So long as we are regulated under the 1940 Act, the above indemnification and limitation of liability is limited by the 1940 Act or by any valid rule, regulation or order of the SEC thereunder. The 1940 Act provides, among other things, that a company may not indemnify any director or officer against liability to it or its security holders to which he or she might otherwise be subject by reason of his or her willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his or her office unless a determination is made by final decision of a court, by vote of a majority of a quorum of directors who are disinterested, non-party
 directors or by independent legal counsel that the liability for which indemnification is sought did not arise out of the foregoing conduct. In addition, we have obtained liability insurance for our officers and directors. 

120 

Table of Contents 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

KPMG LLP has advised us that neither the firm nor any present member or associate of it has any material financial interest, direct or indirect, in the Company or its affiliates. 

 Table below in thousands 

Fiscal Year

 Ended

 December 31,

 2022

Period

 Ended

 December 31,

 2021

Audit Fees

125.2 

110.0 

Audit-Related Fees

Tax Fees

16.5 

17.5 

All Other Fees

Total Fees:

141.7 

127.5 
 
 Audit Fees
: Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for quarterly reviews and services that are normally provided by KPMG LLP in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 
 Audit-Related Fees
: Audit-related services consist of fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
 Tax Services Fees
 :

 Tax services fees consist of fees for professional tax services. These services also include assistance regarding federal, state, and local tax compliance. 
 All Other Fees
 :

 Other fees would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 
 Pre-Approval
 Policy
 : 

The Audit Committee has established a pre-approval policy
 that describes the permitted audit, audit-related, tax and other services to be provided by KPMG LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. The policy requires that the Audit Committee pre-approve the
 audit and non-audit services
 performed by the independent auditor in order to assure that the provision of such service does not impair the auditor s independence. 
 Any requests for audit, audit-related, tax and other services that have not received general pre-approval must
 be submitted to the Audit Committee for specific pre-approval, irrespective
 of the amount, and cannot commence until such approval has been granted. Normally, pre-approval is
 provided at regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee. However, the Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority
 to one or more of its members. The member or members to whom such authority is delegated shall report any pre-approval decisions
 to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve services
 performed by the independent registered public accounting firm to management. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Audit Committee pre-approved
 100 of the services described in this policy. 

121 

Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents Filed as Part of this Report 

Index

Page No.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 79 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 80 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period ended December 31, 2021 
 
 81 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Unitholders Capital for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period ended December 31, 2021 
 
 82 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period ended December 31, 2021 
 
 83 
 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 84 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 88 (b) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or are hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

Exhibit No.

Description

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Formation(1) 

3.2 
 3.3

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation(1) 
 
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement(1) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement(2) 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities(4) 

10.1 
 
 Form of Investment Management Agreement with Solar Capital Partners, LLC (1) 

10.2 
 
 Custody Agreement by and between Solar Capital Ltd., Solar Senior Capital Ltd. and Citibank, N.A. (1) 

10.3 
 
 Custodial Services Election Agreement by and between the Company and Citibank, N.A (1) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Revolving Credit Agreement by and between the Company and ING Capital LLC as Administrative Agent, Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner (3) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Loan and Security Agreement by and among SLR HC BDC SPV LLC, as borrower; SLR HC BDC LLC as parent and servicer; the Lenders party hereto; the collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary party hereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, dated as of February 18, 2022(5) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 

14.2 
 
 Code of Business Conduct(4) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of SLR HC BDC LLC 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.3 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.3 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

Filed herewith 

(1) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56247)
 filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021. 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 

(2) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56247)
 filed with the SEC on March 22, 2021. 

(3) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 (File No. 000-56247)
 filed on May 5, 2021. 

(4) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s report on Form 10-K
 filed on March 1, 2022. 

(5) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 (File No. 000-56247)
 filed on May 3, 2022. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K
 Summary 

 None. 

123 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SLR HC BDC LLC

/s/ M ICHAEL
 S. G ROSS

/s/ B RUCE
 J. S POHLER

Michael S. Gross

Co-Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of the Board
 and Director

 Date: February 28, 2023

Bruce J. Spohler

Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief
 Operating Officer and Director

 Date: February 28, 2023

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated. 

Date

Signature

Title

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ M ICHAEL
 S. G ROSS

Michael S. Gross

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Chairman of the Board and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ B RUCE
 J. S POHLER

Bruce J. Spohler

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ S TEVEN
 H OCHBERG

Steven Hochberg

Director 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ D AVID
 S. W ACHTER

David S. Wachter

Director 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ L EONARD
 A. P OTTER

Leonard A. Potter

Director 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ R ICHARD
 L. P ETEKA

Richard L. Peteka

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) and Secretary 

124 

<EX-14.1>
 2
 d440551dex141.htm
 EX-14.1

EX-14.1 

Exhibit 14.1 
 Joint Code of Ethics and Insider Trading Policy 

I. 
 INTRODUCTION 
 SLR Capital Partners, LLC (the Adviser seeks to foster and maintain a reputation for honesty, integrity and
professionalism. That reputation is a vital business asset. The confidence and trust placed in Adviser are highly valued and must be protected. Adviser has adopted this Code of Ethics (the Code in accordance with Rules 204A-1 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 17j-l under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Code includes Adviser s policy with respect to
personal investment and trading and its insider trading policy and procedures. SLR Investment Corp., SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC, SLR HC BDC LLC and SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC (collectively referred to as, the BDC 
 or the Company have similarly and jointly adopted this Code of Ethics. Thus, this Code of Ethics is applicable to all Access Persons (as defined below) of the Adviser and the Company (collectively
 SLR Capital ). 

II. 
 DEFINITIONS 
 A. Access Person. The term Access Person means (i) any Supervised Person who (1) has access to
nonpublic information regarding a Client s purchase or sale of securities; (2) has access to nonpublic information regarding the portfolio holdings of any Reportable Fund; and/or (3) is involved in making securities recommendations to
Clients or who has access to such recommendations that are nonpublic and (ii) all of the directors, officers, employees, members or partners of SLR Capital. By way of example, Access Persons include portfolio management personnel and service
representatives who communicate investment advice to Clients. Administrative, technical, and clerical personnel may also be Access Persons if their functions or duties provide them with access to nonpublic information. 
 B. Advisers Act. The term Advisers Act means the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
 C. Automatic Investment Plan. An Automatic Investment Plan is a program in which regular periodic purchases
or withdrawals are made automatically in or from investment accounts according to a predetermined schedule and allocation. An Automatic Investment Plan includes a dividend reinvestment plan. 
 D. Beneficial Ownership Interest. You will be considered to have Beneficial Ownership Interest in a Security
if: (i) you have a Pecuniary Interest in the Security; (ii) you have voting power with respect to the Security, meaning the power to vote or direct the voting of the Security; or (iii) you have the power to dispose, or direct the
disposition of, the Security. If you have any question about whether an interest in a Security or an account constitutes Beneficial Ownership of that Security, you should contact the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 E. Chief Compliance Officer. The Chief Compliance Officer is the Access Person designated respectively by
Adviser and BDC for each entity respectively as such, as identified in SLR Capital s Compliance Policies and Procedures Manual. 
 F. Client. The term Client means any investment entity or account advised or managed or sub-advised by Adviser, including any pooled investment vehicle advised or sub-advised by Adviser. 
 G. Commission. The term Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 A-1 

H. Compliance Officer. The term Compliance Officer 
 shall mean an Access Person deemed by SLR Capital to be sufficiently experienced to perform senior-level compliance functions, and shall include the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 I. Disinterested Director. The term Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not
an interested person of the Company within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act. J.
 Exchange Act. The term Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. K.
 Federal Securities Laws. The term Federal Securities Laws means the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Investment Company Act, the Advisers Act, Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act,
any rules adopted by the Commission under any of these statutes, the Bank Secrecy Act as it applies to funds and investment advisers, and any rules adopted under the Bank Secrecy Act by the Commission or the Department of the Treasury. 
 L. Fund. The term Fund means any pooled investment vehicle, whether registered, required to be registered, or
exempt from registration as an investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act. M. Immediate Family. The
term Immediate Family includes a Supervised Person s child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, sibling,
 mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, and includes any adoptive relationship. N.
 Broad-Based Securities. The term Broad-Based Securities means interests in exchange-traded funds or derivatives based on broad-based market indices, sectors, or industries. This
term does not include custom exchange-traded funds or exchange-traded funds based on less than 5 companies. O. Initial Public
Offering. The term Initial Public Offering means an offering of securities registered under the Securities Act, the issuer of which, immediately before the registration, was not subject to the reporting requirements of
Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. P. Investment Company Act. The term Investment Company Act 
means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Q. Limited Offering. The term Limited Offering 
means an offering, typically referred to as a private placement , that is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. 
 R. Non-Reportable Securities. The term
 Non-Reportable Securities means: (i) direct obligations of the U.S. Government; (ii) bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high
quality short-term debt instruments (defined as any instrument that has a maturity at issuance of less than 366 days and that is rated in one of the two highest rating categories by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization), including
repurchase agreements; (iii) shares issued by money market funds; (iv) shares issued by open-end funds registered under the Investment Company Act, other than Reportable Funds; and (v) shares
issued by unit investment trusts that are invested exclusively in one or more open end funds, none of which are Reportable Funds. S.
 Partners. The term Partners refers to Michael Gross and Bruce Spohler. 
 A-2 

T. Pecuniary Interest. You will be considered to have a Pecuniary
Interest in a Security if you, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, have the opportunity, directly or indirectly, to profit or share in any profit derived from a
transaction in the Security. The term Pecuniary Interest is construed very broadly. The following examples illustrate this principle: (i) ordinarily, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all Securities
owned by members of your Immediate Family who share the same household with you; (ii) if you are a general partner of a general or limited partnership, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all Securities held by the
partnership; (iii) if you are a shareholder of a corporation or similar business entity, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all Securities held by the corporation if you are a controlling shareholder or have or share
investment control over the corporation s investment portfolio; (iv) if you have the right to acquire equity Securities through the exercise or conversion of a derivative Security, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in the
Securities, whether or not your right is presently exercisable; (v) if you are the sole member or a manager of a limited liability company, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in the Securities held by the limited liability company;
and (vi) ordinarily, if you are a trustee or beneficiary of a trust, where either you or members of your Immediate Family have a vested interest in the principal or income of the trust, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all
Securities held by that trust. If you have any question about whether an interest in a Security or an account constitutes a Pecuniary Interest, you should contact the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 U. Reportable Fund. The term Reportable Fund means (i) any Fund for which Adviser serves as investment
adviser; or (ii) any Fund whose investment adviser or principal underwriter controls Adviser, is controlled by Adviser, or is under common control with Adviser. As used in this definition, the term control has the same meaning as it does
in Section 2(a)(9) of the Investment Company Act. V. Reportable Security. The term Reportable
Security means all Securities other than Non-Reportable Securities. Reportable Securities include Broad-Based Securities, municipal securities and any other securities not specifically included
in the definition of a Non-Reportable Security. W. Restricted List. The
 Restricted List is a list maintained by the Chief Compliance Officer as specified by SLR Capital s Insider Trading Policies and Procedures . 
 X. SEC. The term SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Y. Securities Act. The term Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Z. Security. The term Security has the same meaning as it has in section 202(a)(18) of the Advisers Act.
For purposes of this Code, the following are Securities: Any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, bond, debenture, evidence of
indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, preorganization certificate or subscription, transferable share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of
deposit for a security, fractional undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option or privilege on any security (including a certificate of deposit) or on any group or index of securities (including any
interest therein or based on the value thereof), or any put, call, straddle, option or privilege entered into on a national securities exchange relating to foreign currency, or, in general, any interest or instrument commonly known as a security, or
any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificate for, receipt for, guarantee of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase, any security. 
 The following are not Securities: 
 A-3 

Commodities, futures and options traded on a commodities exchange, including currency
futures, except that (i) options on any group or index of Securities and (ii) futures on any group or narrow-based index of Securities are Securities. 
 You should note that Security includes a right to acquire a Security, as well as an interest in a collective
investment vehicle (such as a limited partnership or limited liability company). AA. Supervised Person. The term
 Supervised Person means (i) any partner, member, officer or director of SLR Capital, or other person occupying a similar status or performing similar function; (ii) any employee of SLR Capital; (iii) any U.S.
consultant who has been contracted by SLR Capital for more than ninety (90) days; and (iv) any other person who provides advice on behalf of SLR Capital and is subject to SLR Capital s supervision and control. 

III. 
 ANTI-BRIBERY REQUIREMENTS 
 The Adviser is committed to complying with the laws and regulations designed to combat bribery and corruption (herein after referred to as
 anti-bribery and to seeking and retaining business on the basis of merit, not through bribery or corruption. 
 It is the Adviser s policy that: 

Personnel may not provide anything of value to obtain or retain business or favored treatment from public
officials; candidates for office; employees of state-owned enterprises; clients/customers, or suppliers; any agent of the aforementioned parties; or any other person with whom the Adviser does or anticipates doing business. 

The prohibition against providing anything of value to obtain or retain business or favored
treatment includes obvious improper payments, such as cash bribes or kickbacks, but also may include other direct or indirect benefits and advantages, such as gifts, meals, entertainment, charitable contributions, and offers of employment or
internships that are inappropriate. 

The prohibition extends not only to public officials, but also to corporate clients and other private parties.

The Adviser prohibits its personnel from requesting or accepting bribes and other improper financial
advantages, as well as offering them. The Adviser maintains written policies, procedures and internal controls
reasonably designed to comply with anti-bribery laws (the Anti-Bribery Program ). The Anti-Bribery Program includes a risk assessment process, education and training, review and approval processes, due diligence procedures,
accounting processes and independent testing processes. The Adviser expects all of its agents and vendors to (i) maintain policies and procedures applicable to their circumstances and proportionate to the risks they face and (ii) to act at
all times in a manner consistent with the Adviser s anti-bribery policies. Personnel who engage in or facilitate bribery, or who
fail to comply with all applicate anti-bribery laws, regulations, and the Adviser s anti-bribery and related policies, may be subject to disciplinary action. The Adviser reserves the right to terminate immediately any business relationship that
violates the Adviser s anti-bribery policies. The Adviser will conduct targeted email reviews, discussion of the policy will be
conducted in code of ethics training. Any exceptions to the policy will be reported to Management. 
 A-4 

IV. 
 PERSONAL INVESTMENT AND TRADING POLICY 
 A. General Statement SLR
Capital is committed to maintaining the highest standard of business conduct. SLR Capital and its Supervised Persons must not act or
behave in any manner or engage in any activity that (1) involves or creates even the suspicion or appearance of the misuse of material, nonpublic information by SLR Capital or any Supervised Person or (2) gives rise to, or appears to give
rise to, any breach of fiduciary duty owed to any Client or investor. In addition, the Federal Securities Laws require that investment
advisers maintain a record of every transaction in any Security, with certain exceptions, as described below, in which any Access Person acquires or disposes of Beneficial Ownership where the Security is or was held in an account over which the
Access Person has direct or indirect influence or control. Given the current size of its operations, SLR Capital has chosen to require reporting of transactions, as well as pre-approval of certain
transactions, for all Supervised Persons (subject to the specific exceptions in the Code), rather than only Access Persons. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Disinterested Directors are not subject to the preclearance and reporting requirements of the
Code. However, with respect to the Company s securities Disinterested Directors must transact during the window periods and subsequently report the transaction detail to the Company on the day of the transaction. 
 SLR Capital has developed the following policies and procedures relating to personal trading in Securities and the reporting of such personal
trading in Securities in order to ensure that each Supervised Person satisfies the requirements of this Code. 

B. 
 Requirements of this Code 
 1. Duty to Comply with Applicable Laws. 
 All Supervised Persons are required to comply with the Federal Securities Laws, the fiduciary duty owed by Adviser to its Clients, as
applicable, and this Code. 2. Insider Trading Controls 
 All Supervised Persons are required to comply with the Insider Trading Policies and Procedures adopted by the Adviser and the BDC which
appears as Appendix VII of this Code of Ethics and is incorporated herein by this reference. 3. Duty to Report Violations.
 Each Supervised Person is required by law to promptly notify the Chief Compliance Officer or designee in the event he or she knows or has
reason to believe that he or she or any other Supervised Person has violated any provision of this Code. If a Supervised Person knows or has reason to believe that the Chief Compliance Officer has violated any provision of this Code, the Supervised
Person must promptly notify the Chief Financial Officer and is not required to notify the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 A-5 

SLR Capital is committed to fostering a culture of compliance. SLR Capital therefore urges
you to contact the Chief Compliance Officer or designee if you have any questions regarding compliance. You will not be penalized and your status at SLR Capital will not be jeopardized by communicating with the Chief Compliance Officer. Reports of
violations or a suspected violations also may be submitted anonymously to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee. Any retaliatory action taken against any person who in good faith reports a violation or a suspected violation of this Code is itself
a violation of this Code and cause for appropriate corrective action, including dismissal. 4. Supervised Personnel to be Supplied Copies,
and Furnish Acknowledgements of Receipt of the Code of Ethics and Any Amendments Thereof. SLR Capital will provide all Supervised Persons
with a copy of this Code and all subsequent amendments. By law, all Supervised Persons must in turn provide written acknowledgement to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee of their initial receipt and review of this Code, their annual review of
this Code and their receipt and review of any subsequent amendments to this Code. 

C. 
 Restrictions on Supervised Persons Trading in Securities 
 1. Generally. Purchases of
Reportable Securities (other than Broad-Based Securities) by Supervised Persons and participation by Supervised Persons in an Initial Public Offering or Limited Offering require advance preclearance approval, in writing, by a Compliance Officer
together with the specific approval of both Partners. Sales of Reportable Securities (other than Broad-Based Securities) by
Supervised Persons require advance preclearance approval, in writing, by a Compliance Officer together with the specific approval of both Partners. 
 All Supervised Person personal trading in Securities (other than Broad-Based Securities) is subject to the following further requirements
and/or restrictions. (a) Any transaction in a Security subject to the Restricted List of issuers maintained by SLR Capital is strictly
prohibited. (b) Any transaction in a Security which the Supervised Person knows or has reason to know is being purchased or sold, or is
being considered for purchase or sale, by or on behalf of a Client is prohibited until the Client s transaction has been completed or consideration of the transaction is abandoned. A Security is being considered for purchase or
sale the earlier of (i) when a recommendation to purchase or sell has been made and communicated or (ii) the Security is placed on Adviser s research project lists or, (iii) with respect to the Supervised Person making
the recommendation, when the Supervised Person seriously considers making such a recommendation. (c) No Supervised Person may engage in a
transaction in a Security, which includes an interest in a Fund, if the Supervised Person s transaction would otherwise disadvantage or appear to disadvantage a Client or if the Supervised Person would inappropriately profit from or appear to
so profit from the transaction, whether or not at the expense of the Client. For the avoidance of doubt, this prohibition applies to any Security held, at the time of a personal transaction, in any Client account . 
 (d) Any transaction in a Security during the period which begins three days before and ends three days after any Client has traded in that
Security is prohibited, unless approved by a Compliance Officer. 
 A-6 

(e) No matched purchases and sales, or sales and purchases, in the same Security within a thirty-day period may be transacted without the advance approval of a Compliance Officer. This is requirement is reviewed on a first-in, 
 first-out basis. This means that a security that is already in someone s portfolio may be sold within thirty-days of a purchase if certain shares of that security were in the portfolio prior to the thirty-day period. (f) Personal account trading must be done on the Supervised Person s own time
without placing undue burden on SLR Capital s time. (g) No personal trades should be undertaken which are beyond the financial
resources of the Supervised Person. (h) For the avoidance of doubt : 
 (i) Supervised Person Transactions in Broad-Based Securities are subject to the reporting, but not the preclearance requirements of this
Code. (ii) Supervised Person Transactions in Reportable Securities other than Broad-Based Securities are subject to both the
preclearance and the reporting requirements of this Code. (iii) Supervised Person Transactions by Disinterested Directors are not
subject to the preclearance and reporting requirements of this Code. However, with respect to the Company s securities Disinterested Directors must transact during the window periods and subsequently report the transaction detail to the Company
on the day of the transaction. 2. Accounts of Record 
 (a) You may not hold, and you may not permit any other person or entity to hold, on your behalf, any publicly traded Reportable Securities in
which you have, or by reason of a Supervised Person Purchase Transaction (as hereinafter defined) will acquire, a Beneficial Ownership Interest, except through an account of record with the Adviser maintained with a bank or
registered broker-dealer custodian (a custodian or a registered investment adviser. (b) You must provide
written notice to a Compliance Officer of your opening of an account with a bank or broker-dealer custodian or an investment adviser through which you (or your investment adviser, acting on your behalf) have the ability to purchase or sell publicly
traded Reportable Securities promptly after opening the account, and in any event before the first order for the purchase or sale of such Securities is placed through the account. A Compliance Officer will then ask you to complete and sign a written
notice to the account custodian or investment adviser (the forms of which are attached as Appendix IV and Appendix V hereto) which discloses your affiliation with the Adviser and requests that duplicate hard copies of trade confirmations and
periodic statements reflecting all holdings and transactions within the account be promptly and confidentially sent to the attention of the Chief Compliance Officer. 1 A Compliance Officer will
review and, upon approval, transmit the notice to your account custodian or investment adviser. 

1 
 In lieu of using the referenced Appendices requesting the forwarding of hard-copy confirmations and
account statements, the Adviser will ordinarily ask, if feasible, that the account custodian agree to establish an automatic electronic feed of all account holding and transaction activity to the Adviser s area of the Personal Trade
Compliance Center PTCC online cloud system which the Adviser has licensed from Compliance Science, Inc. 
 A-7 

3. Transactions of Immediate Family Members. 
 There is a presumption that a Supervised Person can exert some measure of influence or control over accounts held by members of such
person s Immediate Family sharing the same household. Therefore, transactions by Immediate Family members sharing the same household are subject to the policies herein. A Supervised Person may rebut this presumption by presenting convincing
evidence, in writing, to the Chief Compliance Officer and request an exemption to one or more policies herein. All exemptions must be approved by the Chief Compliance Officer, in writing. 
 4. The following are Exempt Transactions that do not require preclearance by a Compliance Officer: 
 (a) Any transaction in Securities in an account over which a Supervised Person does not have any direct or indirect influence or control (such
as a fully discretionary managed account through a registered investment adviser). To rely upon this exemption, Supervised Persons must provide: (1) information about a trustee or third party manager s relationship to the Supervised
Person (i.e., independent professional versus friend or relative; unaffiliated versus affiliated firm); (2) periodic certifications regarding the Supervised Persons influence or control over trusts or accounts (or obtain the certification from
the third party manager or trustee when requested); and (3) when requested, reports on holdings and/or transactions made in the trust or discretionary account to identify transactions that would have been prohibited pursuant to the Code of
Ethics, absent reliance on the reporting exemption. (b) Purchases of Securities under Automatic Investment Plans (such as an
employer-sponsored 401(k) plan). (c) Purchases of Securities by exercise of rights issued to the holders of a class of Securities pro
rata, to the extent they are issued with respect to Securities in which a Supervised Person has a Beneficial Ownership Interest. (d)
Acquisitions or dispositions of Securities as the result of a stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, merger, consolidation, spin-off or other similar corporate distribution or reorganization
applicable to all holders of a class of Securities in which a Supervised Person has a Beneficial Ownership Interest. (e) Such other
specific or classes of transactions as may be exempted from time to time by the Chief Compliance Officer based upon a determination that the transactions are unlikely to violate Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers
Act. 5. Supervised Person Transaction Preclearance and Execution Procedures 
 The following procedures shall govern all transactions in which a Supervised Person intends to sell (a Supervised Person Sale
Transaction or intends to acquire (a Supervised Person Purchase Transaction together with Supervised Person Sale Transaction , a Supervised Person
Transaction a Beneficial Ownership Interest and which are subject to the requirement of securing advance preclearance approval, in writing, by a Compliance Officer. 
 (a) Preclearance. Requests for
preclearance of Supervised Person Transactions are to be delivered, confidentially and in writing (via the Adviser s email network), to the attention of a Compliance Officer and both Partners. Responses on behalf of such Compliance Officer and
both Partners will be conveyed, confidentially and in writing ordinarily via email, within two (2) business days regarding Supervised Person Transaction requests involving publicly traded Reportable Securities and five (5) business days
regarding Transaction requests involving other Reportable Securities. 
 A-8 

(i) Supervised Person Purchase Transactions. 
 Preclearance of Supervised Person Purchase Transactions may be withheld for any reason, or no reason, in the sole discretion of the Chief
Compliance Officer and both Partners. (ii) Supervised Person Sale Transactions. 
 A Supervised Person Sale may be disapproved if it is determined by the Chief Compliance Officer and both Partners that the Supervised Person
is unfairly benefiting from, or that the transaction is in conflict with, or appears to be in conflict with, any Client Transaction (as defined below), any of the above-described trading restrictions, or otherwise by this Code. The determination
that a Supervised Person may unfairly benefit from, or that a Supervised Person Sale may conflict with or appears to be in conflict with, a Client Transaction will be subjective and individualized, and may include questions about the timely and
adequate dissemination of information, availability of bids and offers, and other factors deemed pertinent for an individual Client transaction or series of transactions. It is possible that a disapproval of a Supervised Person Sale could be costly
to a Supervised Person or members of a Supervised Person s family; therefore, each Supervised Person should take great care to adhere to SLR Capital s trading restrictions and avoid conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of
interest. Any disapproval of a Supervised Person Sale Transaction shall be in writing. A Supervised Person may appeal any such
disapproval by written notice to the Partners within two business days after receipt of notice of disapproval. (b) Executions of
Supervised Person Transactions. (i) Transactions in Publicly Traded Reportable Securities. 
 Supervised Person Transactions in publicly traded Reportable Securities must, except upon the advance written approval of a Compliance
Officer, be executed through an account of record with the Adviser in accordance with Section III.C.3(b). (ii) Transactions in Other
Reportable Securities. Confirmation of Supervised Person Transactions in all other Reportable Securities must be promptly conveyed,
confidentially and in writing, to the attention of the Chief Compliance Officer. 

V. 
 REPORTING 

A. 
 Reports About Securities Holdings and Transactions 
 Supervised Persons (other than Disinterested Directors) must submit to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee periodic written reports about
their Securities holdings, transactions, and accounts, and the Securities of other persons if the Supervised Person has a Beneficial Ownership Interest in such Securities and the accounts of other persons if the Supervised Person has direct or
indirect influence or control over such accounts. 2 The obligation to submit these reports and the content of these reports are 

2 
 In lieu of employing the referenced Appendices, Supervised Personnel will ordinarily perform required reporting
by utilizing the PTCC online system which the Adviser has licensed from Compliance Science, Inc. 
 A-9 

governed by the Federal Securities Laws. The reports are intended to identify conflicts of interest that could arise when a Supervised Person invests in a Security or holds accounts that permit
these investments, and to promote compliance with this Code. Adviser is sensitive to privacy concerns and will try not to disclose your reports to anyone unnecessarily. Report forms are attached. 
 Failure to file a timely, accurate, and complete report is a serious breach of Commission rules and this Code . If a
Supervised Person is late in filing a report, or files a report that is misleading or incomplete, the Supervised Person may face sanctions including identification by name to the Chief Compliance Officer, withholding of salary or bonuses, or
termination of employment. 1. Initial Disclosure Reports : Within ten days after you become a Supervised
Person (other than Disinterested Directors), you must submit to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee a securities accounts report (a form of which is attached as Appendix II thereto) and private investments report (a form of which is attached as
Appendix VI thereto) based on information that is current as of a date not more than 45 days prior to the date you become a Supervised Person. 
 (a) The Initial Report of Securities Accounts contains the following: 
 (i) The name/title and type of Security, and, as applicable, the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, the number of equity shares and
principal amount of each Reportable Security in which you had a Beneficial Ownership Interest. You may provide this information by referring to attached copies of broker transaction confirmations or account statements from the applicable record
keepers that contain the information. (ii) The name and address of any broker, dealer, or bank or other institution (such as a general
partner of a limited partnership, or transfer agent of a company) that maintained any account holding any Securities in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest, and the account numbers and names of the persons for whom the accounts are held.
 (iii) An executed statement (and a letter or other evidence) pursuant to which you have instructed each broker, dealer, bank, or other
institution to provide duplicate account statements and confirmations of all Securities transactions, unless Adviser indicates that the information is otherwise available to it. The form of this statement is attached as Appendix IV (for personal
accounts) and Appendix V (for related accounts) hereto. (iv) The date you submitted the report. 
 (b) The Initial Report of Private Investments contains the following: 
 (i) A description of all private investments in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest, the principal amount of those private
investments, the approximate dates of acquisition, and whether the private investments involve or are associated with companies that have publicly traded debt or equity. 
 (ii) The date you submitted the report. 
 2. Quarterly Transaction Report : Unless, as noted below, the Chief Compliance Officer already receives trade
confirmations or account statements for all of your transactions in Reportable Securities, within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, you, as a Supervised Person (other than Disinterested Directors), must submit to the Chief Compliance
Officer or designee a transaction report, a form of which is attached as Appendix III hereto, that contains: 
 A-10 

(a) With respect to any transaction during the quarter in any Reportable Security in which
you had, or as a result of the transaction acquired, a Beneficial Ownership Interest: (i) The date of the transaction, the name/title
and as applicable, the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, interest rate and maturity date, the number of equity shares of, or the principal amount of debt represented by, and principal amount of each Reportable Security involved; 
 (ii) The nature of the transaction, i.e., purchase, sale or other type of acquisition or disposition; 
 (iii) The price at which the transaction in the Reportable Security was effected; 
 (iv) The name of the broker, dealer, bank, or other institution with or through which the transaction was effected. 
 (b) The name and address of any broker, dealer, bank, or other institution, such as a general partner of a limited partnership, or transfer
agent of a company, that maintained any account in which any Securities were held during the quarter in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest, the account numbers and names of the persons for whom the accounts were held, and the date when
each account was established. (c) An executed statement, and a letter or other evidence, pursuant to which you have instructed each
broker, dealer, bank, or other institution that has established a new account over which you have direct or indirect influence or control during the past quarter to provide duplicate account statements and confirmations of all Securities
transactions to SLR Capital, unless SLR Capital indicates that the information is otherwise available to it. The form of this statement is attached as Appendix IV and Appendix V hereto. 
 (d) The date that you submitted the report. 
 You need not submit a quarterly transaction report to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee if it would duplicate information contained in trade
confirmations or account statements already received by the Chief Compliance Officer or designee, provided that those trade confirmations or statements are received not later than 30 days after the close of the calendar quarter in which the
transaction takes place. 3. Annual Employee Certification: You (other than Disinterested Directors) must, no later than
February 15 of each year, submit to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee an Annual Employee Certification, that is current as of a date no earlier than December 31 of the prior calendar year (the Annual Report
Date and that contains: (a) The name and address of any broker, dealer, investment advisor or bank or other institution,
such as a general partner of a limited partnership, or transfer agent of a company, that maintained any account holding any Securities in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest on the Annual Report Date, the account numbers and names of the
persons for whom the accounts are held, and the date when each account was established; this information may be provided through copies of statements of each such account. 
 (b) A description of any private investments in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest on the Annual Report Date, the principal amount
of the investment, the approximate date of the acquisition, and whether the private investment involves or is associated with a company that has publicly trade debt or equity. 
 A-11 

(c) The date that you submitted the report. 
 Exception to requirement to list transactions or holdings subject to IV.2 and IV.3(a) above : You are not required to submit
(i) holdings or transactions reports for any account over which you had no direct or indirect influence or control (such as a fully discretionary managed account through a registered investment advisor) or (ii) transaction reports with
respect to transactions effected pursuant to an Automatic Investment Plan, unless requested by SLR Capital. You must still identify the existence of the account in your list of accounts. Transactions that override preset schedules or allocations of
an automatic investment plan or trades that are directed by you in a fully discretionary managed account, however, must be included in a quarterly transaction report. 
 In order to take advantage of part (i) of the exception (accounts over which you had no direct or indirect influence or control), Access Persons must
provide: 

Information about a trustee or third party manager s relationship to the Access Person (i.e.,
independent professional versus friend or relative; unaffiliated versus affiliated firm); 

periodic certifications regarding the Access Persons influence or control over trusts or accounts (or
obtain the certification from the third party manager or trustee when requested); 

when requested, reports on holdings and/or transactions made in the trust or discretionary account to identify
transactions that would have been prohibited pursuant to the Code of Ethics, absent reliance on the reporting exemption. 
 4. Please ask the Chief Compliance Officer if you have questions about the above-described disclosure and transaction reporting requirements.
 B. Review of Reports and Other Documents 
 The Chief Compliance Officer or designee will review each report submitted by Supervised Persons, and each account statement or confirmation
from institutions that maintain their accounts, as promptly as practicable. In any event all Initial Disclosure Reports will be reviewed within 20 business days of receipt, and the review of all timely-submitted Quarterly Transaction Reports will be
completed by the end of the quarter in which received. As part of his or her review, the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee will confirm that all necessary pre-approvals have been obtained. To
ensure adequate scrutiny, documents concerning a member of the Compliance Office will be reviewed by a different member of the Compliance Office, or if there is only one member of the Compliance Office, by the Chief Financial Officer. 
 A report documenting the above review and any exceptions noted will be prepared by the Chief Compliance Officer and circulated to the Partners
within 60 days of the end of the quarter in which the reports were received. Review of submitted holding and transaction reports will
include not only an assessment of whether the Supervised Person followed all required procedures of this Code, such as preclearance, but may also: compare the personal trading to any restricted lists; assess whether the Supervised Person is trading
for his or her own account in the same securities he or she is trading for Clients, and, if so, whether the Clients are receiving terms as favorable as the Supervised Person receives; periodically analyze the Supervised Person s trading for
patterns that may indicate abuse, including market timing; investigate any substantial 
 A-12 

disparities between the quality of performance the Supervised Person achieves for his or her own account and that he or she achieves for Clients; and investigate any substantial disparities
between the percentage of trades that are profitable when the Supervised Person trades for his or her own account and the percentage that are profitable when he or she places trades for Clients. 

VI. 
 POLICY ON GIFTS 
 Gifts . A Supervised Person is prohibited from improperly using his or her position to obtain an item of value from any person or company
that does business with SLR Capital. Supervised Persons must report to a Compliance Officer receipt of any gift greater than 300 in value from any person or company that does business with the Company. Unsolicited business entertainment, including
meals or tickets to cultural and sporting events do not need to be reported if: a) they are not so frequent or of such high value as to raise a question of impropriety and b) the person providing the entertainment is present at the event. 
 Regardless of dollar value, Supervised Persons may not give a gift or provide entertainment that is inappropriate under the circumstances, or
inconsistent with applicable law or regulations, to persons associated with securities or financial organizations, exchanges, member firms, commodity firms, news media, or Clients. Persons must obtain clearance from the either Partner and a
Compliance Officer prior giving any gift greater than 300 in value to any person or company that does business with the Company. 
 Supervised Persons should not give or receive gifts or entertainment that would be embarrassing to themselves or to SLR Capital if made
public. 

VII. 
 COMPLIANCE 

A. 
 Certificate of Receipt 
 Supervised Persons are required to acknowledge receipt of the Compliance Manual and, therefore, your copy of this Code and that you have read
and understood the Compliance Manual. A form for this purpose is attached to this Code as Appendix I. 

B. 
 Annual Certificate of Compliance 
 Supervised Persons are required to certify upon becoming a Supervised Person or the effective date of this Code, whichever occurs later, and
annually thereafter, that you have read and understand this Code and recognize that you are subject to this Code. Each annual certificate will also state that you have complied with all of the requirements of this Code during the prior year. 

C. 
 Remedial Actions 
 If you violate this Code, including filing a late, inaccurate or incomplete holdings or transaction report, you will be subject to remedial
actions, which may include, but are not limited to, any one or more of the following: (1) a warning; (2) disgorgement of profits; (3) imposition of a fine, which may be substantial; (4) demotion, which may be substantial;
(5) suspension of employment, with or without pay; (6) termination of employment; or (7) referral to civil or governmental authorities for possible civil or criminal prosecution. If you are normally eligible for a discretionary bonus,
any violation of the Code may also reduce or eliminate the discretionary portion of your bonus. 

VIII. 
 RETENTION OF RECORDS 
 The Chief Compliance Officer will maintain, for a period of five years unless specified in further detail below, the records listed below. The
records will be maintained at the Adviser s principal place of business for at least two years and in an easily accessible, but secured, place for the entire five years. 
 A-13 

A. A record of the names of persons who are currently, or within the past five years
were, Access Persons of Adviser. B. The Annual Certificate of Compliance signed by all persons subject to this Code acknowledging
receipt of copies of the Code and acknowledging they are subject to it and will comply with its terms. All Annual Certificates of each Supervised Person must be kept for five years after the individual ceases to be a Supervised Person. 
 C. A copy of each Code that has been in effect at any time during the five-year period. 
 D. A copy of each report made by a Supervised Person pursuant to this Code, including any broker trade confirmations or account
statements that were submitted in lieu of the persons quarterly transaction reports. E. A record of all known violations of
the Code and of any actions taken as a result thereof, regardless of when the violations were committed. F. A record of any
decision, and the reasons supporting the decision, to approve the acquisition of securities by Supervised Persons, for at least five years after the end of the fiscal year in which the approval is granted. 
 G. A record of all reports made by the Chief Compliance Officer related to this Code. 

IX. 
 NOTICES. 
 For purposes of this Code, all notices, reports, requests for clearance, questions, contacts, or other communications to the Chief Compliance
Officer will be considered delivered if provided to the Chief Compliance Officer via the Adviser s email network. 

X. 
 REVIEW. 
 This Code will be reviewed by the Chief Compliance Officer on an annual basis to ensure that it is meeting its objectives, is functioning
fairly and effectively, and is not unduly burdensome to Adviser or Supervised Persons. The Chief Compliance Officer shall issue a report, in writing, to the Board of Directors of the Company stating his or her findings and recommendations as a
result of each such review on no less frequently than an annual basis. Supervised Persons are encouraged to contact the Chief Compliance
Officer with any comments, questions or suggestions regarding implementation or improvement of the Code. 
 A-14 

Appendix I 
 SLR CAPITAL ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CERTIFICATION 
 COMPLIANCE POLICIES AND PROCEDURES MANUAL 
 I hereby certify to SLR Capital that: 
 (1) I have received and reviewed SLR Capital s Compliance Policies and Procedures Manual (the Compliance
Manual (2) To the extent I had questions regarding any policy or procedure contained in the Compliance Manual, I received
satisfactory answers to those questions from appropriate SLR Capital personnel; (3) I fully understand the policies and procedures
contained in the Compliance Manual; (4) I understand and acknowledge that I am subject to the Compliance Manual; 
 (5) I will comply with the policies and procedures contained in the Compliance Manual at all times during my association with SLR Capital, and
agree that the Compliance Manual may, under certain circumstances, continue to apply to me subsequent to the termination of my association with SLR Capital. 
 (6) I understand and acknowledge that if I violate any provision of the Compliance Manual, I will be subject to remedial actions, which may
include, but are not limited to, any one or more of the following: (a) a warning; (b) disgorgement of profits; (c) imposition of a fine, which may be substantial; (d) demotion, which may be substantial; (e) suspension of
employment, with or without pay; (f) termination of employment; or (g) referral to civil or governmental authorities for possible civil or criminal prosecution. I further understand that, to the extent I would otherwise be eligible for a
discretionary bonus, if I violate the Compliance Manual this may reduce or eliminate the discretionary portion of my bonus. 

Date:

Signature 

Print Name 
 
 I-1 

Appendix II 
 SLR CAPITAL INITIAL
REPORT OF SECURITIES ACCOUNTS In accordance with SLR Capital s policies and procedures, please indicate whether you maintain
securities accounts over which you have influence or control and/or in which any securities are held in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest 1 Securities
Accounts ). Securities Accounts include accounts of any kind held at a broker, bank, investment advisor, or money manager. 
 I do maintain Securities Accounts. 
 I do not maintain Securities Accounts. 
 If you indicated above that you do maintain Securities Accounts, please (1) complete the Personal Trading Account and/or Related Trading
Account letters of direction enclosed ), (2) provide the information in the following table use additional paper if necessary ), and (3) attach a copy of the most recent account statement listing holdings for each account
identified below: 

Account Name 
 
 Broker/Institution 
 Name 
 
 Account Number 
 
 Broker/Institution s 
 Address 
 
 Is this account managed by a 3rd
party (such as an investment advisor) on a fully discretionary basis in which you do not direct 
 any transactions? (Yes/No) 
 I certify that this form is accurate and complete, and I have attached statements (if any) for all of my Securities Accounts. 

1 
 You will be considered to have a Beneficial Ownership Interest in a Security if: (i) you have a
Pecuniary Interest in the Security; (ii) you have voting power with respect to the Security, meaning the power to vote or direct the voting of the Security; or (iii) you have the power to dispose, or direct the disposition of, the
Security. You will be considered to have a Pecuniary Interest in a security if you, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, have the opportunity, directly or indirectly, to
profit or share in any profit derived from a transaction in the security. The term Pecuniary Interest is construed very broadly. The following examples illustrate this principle: (i) ordinarily, you will be deemed to have a
 Pecuniary Interest in all Securities owned by members of your Immediate Family who share the same household with you; (ii) if you are a general partner of a general or limited partnership, you will be deemed to have a
 Pecuniary Interest in all Securities held by the partnership; (iii) if you are a shareholder of a corporation or similar business entity, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all Securities held by the
corporation if you are a controlling shareholder or have or share investment control over the corporation s investment portfolio; (iv) if you have the right to acquire equity Securities through the exercise or conversion of a derivative
Security, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in the Securities, whether or not your right is presently exercisable; (v) if you are the sole member or a manager of a limited liability company, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary
Interest in the Securities held by the limited liability company; and (vi) ordinarily, if you are a trustee or beneficiary of a trust, where either you or members of your Immediate Family have a vested interest in the principal or income of the
trust, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all Securities held by that trust. 
 II-1 

Appendix II 

Signature 
 
 Date:

Print Name 
 
 II-2 

Appendix III 
 SLR CAPITAL 
 QUARTERLY BROKERAGE ACCOUNT 
 AND NON-BROKER TRANSACTION REPORT 
 Notes : 1. Capitalized terms not defined in this report
are defined in the Code of Ethics of SLR Capital (the Code ). 2. You must cause each broker-dealer that maintains an account
over which you have influence or control and holds Securities in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest to provide to the Chief Compliance Officer, on a timely basis, duplicate copies of confirmations of all transactions in the account and
duplicate statements for the account and you must report to the Chief Compliance Officer, within 30 days of the end of each calendar quarter, all transactions effected without the use of a registered broker-dealer in Securities, other than
transactions in Non-Reportable Securities. The undersigned has requested that you receive duplicate statements
and confirmations on his or her behalf from the following brokers: 

Name 
 
 Broker 
 
 Account Number 
 
 Date 
 
 Date Account Opened 

The following are Securities transactions that have not been reported and/or executed through a
broker-dealer, i.e. during the previous calendar quarter. 

Date 
 
 Buy/Sell 
 
 Security Name 
 
 Amount 
 
 Price 
 
 Broker/Issuer 

By signing this document, I am certifying that I have caused duplicate confirmations and duplicate statements to be sent to
the Chief Compliance Officer of SLR Capital for every brokerage account that trades in Securities. 

Date: 

Signature 

1. 
 Transactions required to be reported . You should report every transaction in which you acquired or
disposed of any Security in which you had a Pecuniary Interest during the calendar quarter. The term Beneficial Ownership Interest is the subject of a long history of opinions and releases issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission
and generally means that you would receive the pecuniary benefits of owning a Security. The term includes, but is not limited to the following cases and any other examples in the Code: 
 III-1 

Appendix III 

(A) 
 Where the Security is held for your benefit by others, such as brokers, custodians, banks and pledgees;

(B) 
 Where the Security is held for the benefit of members of your Immediate Family sharing the same household;

(C) 
 Where Securities are held by a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, investment club or other
entity in which you have an equity interest if you are a controlling equity holder, or you have or share investment control over the Securities held by the entity; 

(D) 
 Where Securities are held in a trust for which you are a trustee and under which either you or any member of
your Immediate Family have a vested interest in the principal or income; and 

(E) 
 Where Securities are held in a trust for which you are the settlor, unless the consent of all of the
beneficiaries is required in order for you to revoke the trust. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following
transactions are not required to be reported: 

(A) 
 Transactions in Securities which are direct obligations of the United States; 

(B) 
 Transactions effected in any account over which you have no direct or indirect influence or control; or

(C) 
 Shares of registered open-end investment companies.

2. 
 Security Name . State the name of the issuer and the class of the Security, e.g., common stock, preferred
stock or designated issue of debt securities, including the interest rate, principal amount and maturity date, if applicable. In the case of the acquisition or disposition of a futures contract, put, call option or other right, referred to as
 options, state the title of the Security subject to the option and the expiration date of the option. 

3. 
 Futures Transactions . Please remember that duplicates of all Confirmations, Purchase and Sale Reports,
and month-end Statements must be sent to Adviser by your broker. Please double check to be sure this occurs if you report a future transaction. 

4. 
 Transaction Date . In the case of a market transaction, state the trade date, not the settlement date.

5. 
 Nature of Transaction (Buy or Sale) . State the character of the transaction, e.g., purchase or sale of
Security, purchase or sale of option, or exercise of option. 

6. 
 Amount of Security Involved (No. of Shares) . State the number of shares of stock, the face amount of
debt Securities or other units of other Securities. For options, state the amount of Securities subject to the option. If your ownership interest was through a spouse, relative or other natural person or through a partnership, trust, other entity,
state the entire amount of Securities involved in the transaction. In such cases, you may also indicate, if you wish, the extent of your interest in the transaction. 
 III-2 

Appendix III 

7. 
 Purchase or Sale Price . State the purchase or sale price per share or other unit, exclusive of brokerage
commissions or other costs of execution. In the case of an option, state the price at which it is currently exercisable. No price need be reported for transactions not involving cash. 

8. 
 Broker, Dealer or Bank Effecting Transaction . State the name of the broker, dealer or bank with or
through whom the transaction was effected. 

9. 
 Signature . Sign the form in the space provided. 

10. 
 Filing of Report . This report should be filed NO LATER THAN 30 CALENDAR DAYS following the end of
each calendar quarter. 
 III-3 

Appendix IV 
 SLR CAPITAL 
 PERSONAL TRADING ACCOUNT 
 LETTER OF DIRECTION To Whom This May
Concern: I, ____________________________ (print name), currently maintain an investment account with your institution, and hereby request that duplicate
trade confirmations and monthly account statements be disseminated to my employer, SLR Capital, at the following address: Attn:
 Chief Compliance Officer SLR Capital 
 500 Park Avenue, 3 rd Floor 
 New York, NY 10022 If you should have any
questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank you for your cooperation. 

Sincerely, 
 
 NAME: _______________________________ 
 
 DATE: _______________________________ 
 
 PHONE: ______________________________ 

IV-1 

Appendix V 
 SLR CAPITAL 
 RELATED TRADING ACCOUNT 
 LETTER OF DIRECTION To Whom This May
Concern: I, ______________________ (print your name), currently maintain an investment account with your institution. Due to my relationship with
___________________________ (print employee s name), who is an employee of SLR Capital, I hereby request that duplicate trade confirmations and monthly account statements be disseminated to the following address: 
 Attn: Chief Compliance Officer 
 SLR Capital 500 Park Avenue, 3 rd Floor New York, NY 10022 
 If you should have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank you for your cooperation. 

Sincerely, 
 
 NAME: __________________________________ 
 
 DATE: ___________________________________ 
 
 PHONE: _________________________________ 

V-1 

Appendix VI 
 SLR CAPITAL 
 INITIAL REPORT OF PRIVATE INVESTMENTS 
 In accordance with SLR Capital policies and procedures, please indicate whether you maintain private investments over which you have influence
or control and in which any private investments are held in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest. 1 The term private investment is typically defined as an intangible investment and is
very broadly construed by SLR Capital. Examples of private investments may include equity in a business or company, a loan to a business or company, an investment in a hedge fund or limited partnership, or securities held in your home or in a safe
deposit box. Examples of investments that generally are not considered private investments are your primary residence, vacation home, automobiles, artwork, jewelry, antiques, stamps, and coins. 
 I do maintain private investments. 
 I do not maintain private investments. 
 If you indicated above that you do maintain private investments, please provide the information in the following table use additional
paper if necessary ): 

Description of Private 
 Investment 
 
 Value of Private 
 Investment 
 
 Approximate 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Does the private 
 investment involve a 
 company that has publicly 
 traded debt or equity? 
 (Yes/No) 
 I certify that this form and any attachments are accurate and complete and constitute all of my private investments. 

Signature 

Date 

Print
Name 

1 
 You will be considered to have a Beneficial Ownership Interest in an investment if: (i) you have a
Pecuniary Interest in the investment; (ii) you have voting power with respect to the investment, meaning the power to vote or direct the voting of the investment; or (iii) you have the power to dispose, or direct the disposition of, the
investment. You will be considered to have a Pecuniary Interest in an investment if you, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, have the opportunity, directly or indirectly,
to profit or share in any profit derived from a transaction in the investment. The term Pecuniary Interest is construed very broadly. The following examples illustrate this principle: (i) ordinarily, you will be deemed to have a
 Pecuniary Interest in all investments owned by members of your Immediate Family who share the same household with you; (ii) if you are a general partner of a general or limited partnership, you will be deemed to have a
 Pecuniary Interest in all investments held by the partnership; (iii) if you are a shareholder of a corporation or similar business entity, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all investments held by the
corporation if you are a controlling shareholder or have or share investment control over the corporation s investment portfolio; (iv) if you have the right to acquire equity security through the exercise or conversion of a derivative
investment, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in the investment, whether or not your right is presently exercisable; (v) if you are the sole member or a manager of a limited liability company, you will be deemed to have a
Pecuniary Interest in the investments held by the limited liability company; and (vi) ordinarily, if you are a trustee or beneficiary of a trust, where either you or members of your Immediate Family have a vested interest in the principal or
income of the trust, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all investments held by that trust. 
 VI -1 

Appendix VII 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES 

I. 
 BACKGROUND 
 All personal securities trades are subject to these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures. However, compliance with the trading restrictions
imposed by these procedures by no means assures full compliance with the prohibition on trading while in the possession of inside information, as defined in these procedures. 
 Insider trading trading Securities while in possession of material, nonpublic information or improperly communicating such information
to others may expose a person to stringent penalties. Criminal sanctions may include a fine of up to 1,000,000 and/or ten years imprisonment. The Commission may recover the profits gained, or losses avoided, through insider trading,
obtain a penalty of up to three times the illicit gain or avoided loss, and/or issue an order permanently barring any person engaging in insider trading from the securities industry. In addition, investors may sue seeking to recover damages for
insider trading violations. These Insider Trading Policies and Procedures are drafted broadly and will be applied and interpreted in a
similar manner. Regardless of whether a federal inquiry occurs, SLR Capital views seriously any violation of these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures. Any violation constitutes grounds for disciplinary sanctions, including dismissal and/or
referral to civil or governmental authorities for possible civil or criminal prosecution. The law of insider trading is complex; a
Supervised Person legitimately may be uncertain about the application of these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures in a particular circumstance. A question could forestall disciplinary action or complex legal problems. Supervised Persons should
direct any questions relating to these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures to a Compliance Officer. A Supervised Person must also notify a Compliance Officer immediately if he or she knows or has reason to believe that a violation of these
Insider Trading Policies and Procedures has occurred or is about to occur. Any capitalized terms used but not defined in the Insider
Trading Policies and Procedures shall have their respective meanings as defined in the Code of Ethics of SLR Capital. 

II. 
 STATEMENT OF FIRM POLICY 
 A. At all times, the interests of SLR Capital s Clients must prevail over the individual s interest. 
 B. Buying or selling Securities in the public markets on the basis of material, nonpublic information is prohibited. Similarly, buying and
selling securities in a private transaction on the basis of material, nonpublic information is prohibited, except in the limited circumstance in which the information is obtained in connection with a private transaction with an issuer of securities,
in which case the private transaction itself is permitted. A prohibited transaction would include purchasing or selling (i) for a Supervised Person s own account or one in which the Supervised Person has direct or indirect influence or
control, (ii) for a Client s account, or (iii) for Adviser s inventory account. If any Supervised Person is uncertain as to whether information is material or nonpublic, he or she should consult the Chief
Compliance Officer. E. Disclosing material, nonpublic information to inappropriate personnel, whether or not for consideration, i.e.,
 tipping, is prohibited. Material, nonpublic information must be disseminated on a need to know basis only to appropriate personnel. This would include any confidential discussions between the issuer and personnel of Adviser.
The Chief Compliance Officer should be consulted should a question arise as to who is privy to material, nonpublic information. 
 VII-1 

Appendix VII 
 F. Assisting anyone transacting business on the basis of material, nonpublic information
through a third party is prohibited. G. In view of the Gabelli Co./GAMCO Investments, Inc. SEC
proceeding, it is clear that when a portfolio manager is in a position, due to his official duties at an issuer, to have access to inside information on a relatively continuous basis, self-reporting procedures are not adequate to detect and prevent
insider trading. Accordingly, neither Adviser nor an Adviser employee may trade in any securities issued by any company of which any Adviser employee is an employee or insider. All Supervised Persons must report to the Chief Compliance Officer
or designee any affiliation or business relationship they may have with any issuer (a form of which is attached as Appendix A hereto.) 
 H. Supervised Persons should understand that if SLR Capital becomes aware of material, nonpublic information about the issuer of the
underlying securities, even if the particular Supervised Person in question does not himself or herself have such knowledge, or enters into certain transactions for clients, SLR Capital will not bear any losses resulting in personal accounts through
the implementation of these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures. I. It is the Company s policy that Supervised Persons may
purchase or sell Company securities only during the window period that generally begins on the second business day after the Company publicly releases quarterly or annual financial results and extends until the 15th day of the last
calendar month of the quarter in which the results are announced (or such shorter or longer time that may be designated by the Chief Executive Officer of the BDC CEO or the Chief Operating Officer of the BDC COO and the CCO). However, the ability of a Supervised Person to engage in transactions in Company securities during window periods is not automatic or absolute. Circumstances may prevent or delay or accelerate the
opening of the window period or cause the window period to be shortened or lengthened. Further, no trades may be made even during a window period by an individual who possesses material, nonpublic information, other than in accordance with a
previously approved Trading Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Supervised Persons may also purchase or sell Company securities pursuant
to a Trading Plan. As used herein, the term Trading Plan shall mean a prearranged trading plan adopted in accordance with and meeting all of the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that has been approved by the Company s Chief Compliance Officer. A Trading Plan may only be entered into, modified or terminated (i) prior to expiration by Supervised Persons at a time they would
otherwise be permitted to purchase or sell Company securities, and (ii) with the prior approval of the Company s Chief Compliance Officer. Each Supervised Person shall be responsible for ensuring compliance with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) with respect to any Trading Plan they may enter into, modify or terminate prior to expiration, notwithstanding the prior approval thereof by the Company s Chief Compliance Officer. 
 In addition, the Adviser may, subject to regulatory restrictions, award Restricted Stock Units RSUs representing
discretionary bonuses as part of an employee deferred compensation plan (the award during a closed window period provided that (1) the Adviser, the CEO and the COO are not in possession of material non-public information MNPI (2) the award does not require a purchase of Company securities on the open market but instead represents a transfer or potential transfer of Company
securities then held by the Adviser; and (3) the CCO approves the award in advance. To the extent an award represents non-discretionary compensation, the RSUs may only be awarded in open window periods at
a time when the Adviser, the CEO and the COO are not in possession of MNPI. 
 VII-2 

Appendix VII 
 H. The following reviews principles important to these Insider Trading Policies and
Procedures: 1. What is Material Information? 
 Information is material when there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in making
his or her investment decisions. Generally, information is material if its disclosure will have a substantial effect on the price of a company s Securities. No simple bright line test exists to determine whether information is
material; assessments of materiality involve highly fact-specific inquiries. However, if the information you have received is or could be a factor in your trading decision, you must assume that the information is material. Supervised
Persons should direct any questions regarding the materiality of information to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee. Material
information often relates to a company s results and operations, including, for example, dividend changes, earnings results, changes in previously released earnings estimates, significant merger or acquisition proposals or agreements, major
litigation, liquidation problems, and extraordinary management developments. Material information may also relate to the market for a Security. Information about a significant order to purchase or sell Securities, in some contexts, may be deemed
material; similarly, prepublication information regarding reports in the financial press may also be deemed material. 2. What is
 Nonpublic Information? Information is nonpublic until it has been disseminated broadly to investors in the
marketplace. Tangible evidence of this dissemination is the best indication that the information is public. For example, information is public after it has become available to the general public through a public filing with the Commission or some
other government agency, or available to the Dow Jones tape or The Wall Street Journal or some other general circulation publication, and after sufficient time has passed so that the information has been disseminated widely. If you
believe that you have information concerning an issuer which gives you an advantage over other investors, the information is, in all likelihood, non-public. 
 3. Identifying Inside Information. 
 Before executing any trade for oneself or others, including Clients, a Supervised Person must determine whether he or she has access to
material, nonpublic information. If a Supervised Person believes he or she might have access to material, nonpublic information, he or she should: 
 a. Immediately alert the Chief Compliance Officer or designee, so that the applicable Security is placed on the Restricted List. 
 b. Not purchase or sell the Securities on his or her behalf or for others, including Clients (except in the limited circumstance in which the
information is obtained in connection with a private transaction with an issuer of securities, in which case the private transaction itself is permitted). 
 c. Not communicate the information inside or outside of Adviser, other than to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee (or, in the limited
circumstance of a private transaction with an issuer of securities, to Supervised Persons within Adviser involved in the transaction with a need to know the information). 
 The Chief Compliance Officer will review the issue, determine whether the information is material and nonpublic, and, if so, what action
Adviser should take. 
 VII-3 

Appendix VII 
 4. Contacts With Public Companies. 
 Contacts with public companies may represent part of Adviser s research efforts and Adviser may make investment decisions on the basis of
its conclusions formed through these contacts and analysis of publicly available information. Difficult legal issues may arise, however, when a Supervised Person, in the course of these contacts, becomes aware of material, nonpublic information. For
example, a company s Chief Financial Officer could prematurely disclose quarterly results, or an investor relations representative could make a selective disclosure of adverse news to certain investors. In these situations, Adviser must make a
judgment about its further conduct. To protect oneself, Clients, and Adviser, a Supervised Person should immediately contact the Chief Compliance Officer if he or she believes he or she may have received material, nonpublic information. 
 5. Tender Offers. Tender offers
represent a particular concern in the law of insider trading for two reasons. First, tender offer activity often produces extraordinary movement in the price of the target company s securities. Trading during this time is more likely to attract
regulatory attention, and produces a disproportionate percentage of insider trading cases. Second, the Commission has adopted a rule expressly forbidding trading and tipping while in possession of material, nonpublic information
regarding a tender offer received from the company making the tender offer, the target company, or anyone acting on behalf of either. Supervised Persons must exercise particular caution any time they become aware of nonpublic information relating to
a tender offer. 

III. 
 INSIDER TRADING PROCEDURES APPLICABLE TO ALL SUPERVISED PERSONS 
 The following procedures have been established to aid Supervised Persons in avoiding insider trading, and to aid Adviser in preventing,
detecting and imposing sanctions against insider trading. Every Supervised Person must follow these procedures or risk serious sanctions, including dismissal, substantial personal liability and criminal penalties. If a Supervised Person has any
questions about these procedures, he or she should consult the Chief Compliance Officer or designee. 

A. 
 Responsibilities of Supervised Persons. 
 All Supervised Persons must make a diligent effort to ensure that a violation of these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures does not either
intentionally or inadvertently occur. In this regard, all Supervised Persons (other than Disinterested Directors) are responsible for: (a)
Reading, understanding and consenting to comply with these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures. Supervised Persons will be required to sign an acknowledgment that they have read and understood the Compliance Manual and therefore their
responsibilities under the Code; (b) Ensuring that no trading occurs for their account, for any account over which they have direct or
indirect influence or control or for any Client s account in Securities included on the Restricted List, or as to which they possess material, nonpublic information, regardless of the Securities being included on the Restricted List (except in
the limited circumstance in which the information is obtained in connection with a private transaction with an issuer of securities, in which case the private transaction itself is permitted); 
 (c) Not disclosing inside information obtained from any source whatsoever to inappropriate persons. Disclosure to family, friends or
acquaintances will be grounds for immediate termination and/or referral to civil or governmental authorities for possible civil or criminal prosecution; 
 VII-4 

Appendix VII 
 (d) Consulting the Chief Compliance Officer or designee when questions arise regarding
insider trading or when potential violations of these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures are suspected; (e) Ensuring that Adviser
receives copies of confirmations and statements from both internal and external brokerage firms for accounts of Supervised Persons and members of the Immediate Family of such Supervised Persons sharing the same household; 
 (f) Advising the Chief Compliance Officer or designee of all outside business activities, directorships, or ownership of over 5 of the shares
of a public company. No Supervised Person may engage in any outside business activities as employee, proprietor, partner, consultant, trustee officer or director without prior written consent of the Chief Compliance Officer, or a designee of the
Chief Compliance Officer (a form of which is attached as Appendix A hereto); and (g) Being
aware of, and monitoring, any Clients who are shareholders, directors, and/or senior officers of public companies. Any unusual activity including a purchase or sale of restricted stock must be brought to the attention of the Chief Compliance Officer
or designee. 

B. 
 Security. 
 In order to prevent accidental dissemination of material, nonpublic information, personnel must adhere to the following guidelines: 
 Inform management when unauthorized personnel enter the premises. Lock doors at all times in areas that have confidential and secure files. Refrain from
discussing sensitive information in public areas. Refrain from leaving confidential information on message devices. Maintain control of sensitive
documents, including handouts and copies, intended for internal dissemination only. Ensure that faxes and e-mail 
messages containing sensitive information are properly sent, and confirm that the recipient has received the intended message. Do not allow passwords to
be given to unauthorized personnel. 

IV. 
 SUPERVISORY PROCEDURES 
 Supervisory procedures can be divided into two classifications prevention of insider trading and detection of insider trading. 

A. 
 Prevention of Insider Trading 
 To prevent insider trading, the Chief Compliance Officer or designee should: 
 1. Maintain a Restricted List which includes the name of any company, whether or not a client of Adviser, as to which one or more individuals
at Adviser has a fiduciary relationship or may have material information which has not been publicly disclosed. The Restricted List is maintained by the Chief Compliance Officer and his or her designees. The Chief Compliance Officer or such other
Compliance Officer as may be designated shall be responsible for: (i) determining whether any particular securities should be included on the Restricted List; (ii) determining when Securities should be removed from the Restricted List; and
(iii) ensuring that Securities are timely added to and removed from the Restricted List, as appropriate, no less frequently than on a quarterly basis. 
 VII-5 

Appendix VII 
 2. Answer questions regarding SLR Capital s policies and procedures; 
 3. Resolve issues of whether information received by an officer, director or employee of SLR Capital constitutes Inside Information and
determine what action, if any, should be taken; 4. Review these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures on a regular basis and update
them as necessary; 5. When it has been determined that a Supervised Person has Inside Information: 

(a) 
 Implement measures to prevent dissemination of such information other than to appropriate Supervised Persons on
a need to know basis, and 

(b) 
 Not permit any SLR Capital employee to execute any transaction in any securities of the issuer in question
(except in the limited circumstance in which the information is obtained in connection with a private transaction with an issuer of securities, in which case the private transaction itself is permitted); 

1. 
 Implement a program of periodic reminder notices regarding insider trading; 

2. 
 Confirm with each trader no less frequently than quarterly whether there are any issuers for whom Adviser has
Inside Information; and 

3. 
 Compile and maintain the Restricted List of securities in which no Supervised Person may trade because Adviser
as an entity is deemed to have Inside Information concerning the issuers of such securities and determine when to remove securities from the Restricted List. 
 B. Detection of Insider Trading 
 To detect insider trading, the Chief Compliance Officer or designee should: 
 1. Review daily confirmations and quarterly trading activity reports filed by Supervised Persons; and 
 2. Promptly investigate all reports of any possible violations of these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures. 
 C. Special Reports to Management 
 Promptly upon learning of a potential violation of SLR Capital s Insider Trading Policies and Procedures, the Chief Compliance Officer or
designee shall prepare a written report to management providing full details, which may include (1) the name of particular securities involved, if any, (2) the date(s) SLR Capital learned of the potential violation and began investigating;
(3) the accounts and individuals involved; (4) actions taken as a result of the investigation, if any; and (5) recommendations for further action. 
 D. General Reports to Management 
 At least yearly, the Chief Compliance Officer will prepare a written report to the management of Adviser setting forth some or all of the
following: 
 VII-6 

Appendix VII 

1. 
 A summary of existing procedures to detect and prevent insider trading; 

2. 
 A summary of changes in procedures made in the last year; 

3. 
 Full details of any investigation, whether internal or by a regulatory agency, since the last report r
regarding any suspected insider trading, the results of the investigation and a description of any changes in procedures promptly by any such investigation; and 

4. 
 An evaluation of the current procedures and a description of anticipated changes in procedures.
 
 VII-7 

Appendix VII 
 SLR CAPITAL 
 INITIAL REPORT OF OUTSIDE BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
 In accordance with SLR Capital policies and procedures, please indicate whether you engage in any outside business activities. Outside
business activities include, but are not limited to, serving as owner, partner, trustee, officer, director, finder, referrer, or employee of another business organization for compensation, or any activity for compensation outside my usual
responsibilities at SLR Capital. 5 I do engage in outside business activities 
 I do not engage in any outside business activities 
 If you indicated above that you do engage in outside business activities, please complete the following table use additional paper if
necessary ): 

Name of Business Entity 
 
 Summary of 
 Outside Business 
 Activity 
 
 Summary of 
 Compensation 
 
 Is the Business 
 Entity Related to a 
 Publicly Traded 
 Company? 
 (Yes/No) 
 I certify that this form and any attachments are accurate and complete and constitute all of my outside business activities. 

Signature 

Date 

Print Name 

5 
 Compensation includes salaries, director s fees, referral fees, stock options, finder s fees, and
anything of present or future value. 
 VII-8 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 d440551dex211.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of SLR HC BDC LLC 
 The following list sets forth our consolidated subsidiaries, the state or country under whose laws the subsidiaries are organized, and the
percentage of voting securities or membership interests owned by us in each such subsidiary: SLR HC BDC SPV LLC (Delaware) 100 
 The subsidiaries listed above are consolidated for financial reporting purposes. We may also be deemed to control certain portfolio
companies. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 d440551dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael S. Gross, Co-Chief Executive Officer of SLR HC BDC LLC, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SLR HC BDC LLC; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated this 28th day of February, 2023 

/s/ Michael S. Gross 
 
 Michael S. Gross 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 d440551dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bruce J. Spohler, Co-Chief Executive Officer of SLR HC BDC LLC, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SLR HC BDC LLC; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated this 28th day of February, 2023 

/s/ Bruce J. Spohler 
 
 Bruce J. Spohler 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 6
 d440551dex313.htm
 EX-31.3

EX-31.3 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Richard L. Peteka, Chief Financial Officer of SLR HC BDC LLC, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SLR HC BDC LLC; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated this 28th day of February, 2023 

/s/ Richard L. Peteka 
 
 Richard L. Peteka 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 d440551dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
(the Report of SLR HC BDC LLC (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, MICHAEL S. GROSS, the Co-Chief Executive Officer of the
Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Michael S. Gross 
 
 Name : 
 
 Michael S. Gross 
 
 Date : 
 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 d440551dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
(the Report of SLR HC BDC LLC (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, BRUCE J. SPOHLER, the Co-Chief Executive Officer of the
Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Bruce J. Spohler 
 
 Name : 
 
 Bruce J. Spohler 
 
 Date : 
 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 9
 d440551dex323.htm
 EX-32.3

EX-32.3 

Exhibit 32.3 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
(the Report of SLR HC BDC LLC (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, RICHARD L. PETEKA, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my
knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Richard L. Peteka 
 
 Name : 
 
 Richard L. Peteka 
 
 Date : 
 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 cik0001832148-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 cik0001832148-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 cik0001832148-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 cik0001832148-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

