<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230306_10-K_edgar_data_3197_0000950170-23-006169.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25372914</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>900499</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3058524</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13163744</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2689264</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4961286</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-006169.hdr.sgml : 20230306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230306121859
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-006169
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000003197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL & COMMERCIAL FANS & BLOWERS & AIR PURIFYING EQUIP [3564]
		IRS NUMBER:				132566064
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-07099
		FILM NUMBER:		23708235

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14651 NORTH DALLAS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(513) 458-2600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4625 RED BANK ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45227

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	API ENTERPRISES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALARM PRODUCTS INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19851210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-006169.txt : 20230306

10-K
 1
 ceco-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark one) 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from 

to 

Commission File No. 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 

Non-Accelerated Filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the regis trant was million b ased upon the closing market price and shares of common stock outstanding as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter. For the purpose of the foregoing calculation only, all directors and executive officers of the registrant and owners of more than 10 of the registrant s common stock are assumed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily conclusive for any other purpose. 
 As of February 28, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

CECO Environmental Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 
 
 Description 
 
 Page 

PART I. 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 11 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 21 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 22 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 22 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 22 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 23 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 24 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 25 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 36 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 37 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 37 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 37 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 40 

Item 9C 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 
 40 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 41 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 41 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 41 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 42 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 42 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 43 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 45 

SIGNATURES 
 
 46 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act which are intended to be covered by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than statements of historical fact, including statements about management s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements and should be evaluated as such. These statements are made on the basis of management s views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance. We use words such as believe, expect, anticipate, intends, estimate, forecast, project, will, plan, should and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. Potential risks and uncertainties, among others, that could cause actual results to differ materially are discussed under Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and include, but are not limited to: 
 the sensitivity of our business to economic and financial market conditions generally and economic conditions in CECO s service areas; 

dependence on fixed price contracts and the risks associated therewith, including actual costs exceeding estimates and method of accounting for revenue; 

the effect of growth on CECO s infrastructure, resources and existing sales; 

the ability to expand operations in both new and existing markets; 

the potential for contract delay or cancellation as a result of on-going or worsening supply chain challenges; 

liabilities arising from faulty services or products that could result in significant professional or product liability, warranty or other claims; 

changes in or developments with respect to any litigation or investigation; 

failure to meet timely completion or performance standards that could result in higher cost and reduced profits or, in some cases, losses on projects; 

the potential for fluctuations in prices for manufactured components and raw materials, including as a result of tariffs and surcharges; 

the substantial amount of debt incurred in connection with our strategic transactions and our ability to repay or refinance it or incur additional debt in the future; 

the impact of federal, state or local government regulations; 

our ability to repurchase shares of our common stock and the amounts and timing of repurchases, if any; 

economic and political conditions generally; 

our ability to successfully realize the expected benefits of our restructuring program; 

our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and realize the synergies from strategic transactions; and 

unpredictability and severity of catastrophic events, including cybersecurity threats, acts of terrorism or outbreak of war or hostilities or public health crises, as well as management s response to any of the aforementioned factors. 

Many of these risks are beyond management s ability to control or predict. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any related assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material aspects from those currently anticipated. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as they speak only to our views as of the date the statement is made. Furthermore, the forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Except as required under the federal securities laws or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), we undertake no obligation to update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

1 

PART I 
 Item 1. B usiness 
 General 
 CECO Environmental Corp. CECO , we , us , our or the Company is a leading environmentally focused, diversified industrial company, serving the broad landscape of industrial air, industrial water and energy transition markets globally providing innovative technology and application expertise. We help companies grow their business with safe, clean, and more efficient solutions that help protect people, the environment and industrial equipment. Our solutions improve air and water quality, optimize emissions management, and increase the energy efficiency for highly engineered applications in power generation, midstream and downstream hydrocarbon processing and transport, electric vehicle production, polysilicon fabrication, semiconductor and electronics, battery production and recycling, specialty metals and steel production, beverage can, and water/wastewater treatment and a wide range of other industrial end markets. 
 Our customers include some of the largest natural gas processors, transmission and distribution companies, refineries, power generators, industrial manufacturing, engineering and construction companies, semiconductor manufacturers, compressor manufacturers, beverage can manufacturers, metals and minerals, and electric vehicle producers in the world. 
 We believe our value differentiators include, but are not limited to, our product and solutions performance quality, reliability, durability, on-time delivery and safety, all of which are underpinned by our core capabilities in advanced design and systems engineering, commercial excellence, and operational excellence. We believe these differentiators and core capabilities are critical to maintaining our competitive position. Additionally, we have built a spirit of continuous improvement to ensure we maintain our market leadership position. 
 With an installed base of operating systems and equipment in excess of 6 billion, we are targeting to grow a higher share of recurring revenue from aftermarket products and installed base value-added services, which we believe will provide a greater customer retention and loyalty, and increased business resiliency. 
 Industry Overview 
 We serve a growing multi-billion dollar global industrial market that is highly fragmented and comprised of many industrial sectors and niche applications. Our legacy sectors include industrial wastewater treatment, industrial ventilation systems and contamination controls and filtration, semiconductor fabrication, electronics manufacturing, baseload and backup power generation, hydrocarbon processing, chemical processing, natural gas processing and transport, automobile and aircraft production, polysilicon production, battery recycling, metals processing and production, and produced water treatment. Emerging sectors and applications include electric vehicle and battery production, desalination water transport, ultra-high purity water treatment for electrolysis and electronics production, naval/marine vessel oily water treatment, aluminum beverage can production, and lightweight, high-strength metals production. 
 We believe demand for our products and services will continue to be driven by the following factors: 
 Global Focus on the Environment. Increased demand for efficient solutions and reduced air and water emissions remains at the forefront of sustainable production. As our customers and end markets navigate this changing landscape, we are making production and power generation cleaner, more efficient and flexible, and workplaces safer. Increasingly society, along with government regulation, is calling for companies to commit to the preservation and protection of the environment. We believe that through our air and water quality and emissions control offerings, companies want to work with us to protect people and our planet from the harmful effects of industrial processes. 

Increasingly Stringent Regulatory Environment . The adoption of increasingly stringent environmental regulations globally requires businesses to pay strict attention to environmental protection and efficient production processes. The businesses and industries we serve must comply with these various international, federal, state and local government regulations or potentially face substantial fines or be forced to suspend production or alter their production processes. Providing assistance in meeting or exceeding stringent environmental regulations are a principal factor that drives our business. 

Favorable Investment Climate for Net-zero Technologies. Our businesses are positively impacted by capital expenditures on technologies to address climate change and improve environmental outcomes. 

Emerging Market Industrialization. The rapid expansion of manufacturing in emerging economies increases the demand for our industrial air treatment and pollution controls for newly constructed and upgraded facilities. For investments in 

2 

semiconductor and electronics production, sources of ultra-pure water are required as are emission controls and scrubbers. We expect that more rigorous regulations being introduced to protect the workforce, the environment, and the operating equipment will favorably impact demand for our products and solutions. 

Developed Market Industrial Reshoring. The industries in which we operate have historically embraced a global supply chain which has provided certain advantages by offshoring select production and services. Today many companies are relocating their global supply chains to resume in-region. We believe the re-shoring of manufacturing operations is a driver of business growth. 

Expansion and Renewal of Infrastructure. There is a growing trend to better manage and reduce air and water emissions which our products and solutions equipment will serve. In 2021, the US Congress passed the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act with 550 billion of new federal spending aimed at rebuilding roads and bridges, improving climate resilience, and improving environmental outcomes. As industrial capital expenditures grow, corporations are seeking to make these investments with a smaller environmental impact. This new spending serves as a driver of increased interest for our portfolio of products and solutions. 

Water Scarcity. There are increasing risks associated with water quality and water access around the globe. Protecting water resources is crucial for the health and resiliency of our communities, ecosystems and our customers. We expect that more rigorous regulations are being, and will be introduced, to protect water as a natural resource. We are well-positioned to deliver solutions to our customers to meet this growing need. 

Increased Demand for Electrical Power Generation. An accelerating shift away from traditional fossil fuel powered electricity generation and transportation towards cleaner and sustainable forms of power generation and mass electrification of transportation is underway. Demand for cleaner burning natural gas, renewable natural gas, hydrogen and its derivatives, renewables including solar and wind, and a resurgence in interest in nuclear is growing. In addition, the planned retirements of the coal- and oil-fired plants require greater investments in natural gas-fired and renewables generation. Natural gas-fired power plants have lower initial capital requirements and are more flexible in terms of operations. The transition to hydrogen and other green fuels (such as HVO s, biogas, and green ammonia) are in their infancy but will be part of the energy transition over the next decade. Even though considered green fuels, power plants using these fuels will continue to require exhaust emissions control solutions which we provide, as will the production facilities and producers of the lightweight materials, batteries, and electronics required to build and operate the new vehicles being deployed. 

Expanding Natural Gas Infrastructure . The International Energy Association projects a pronounced shift in Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development countries for electricity generation away from oil and coal towards natural gas, including liquified natural gas LNG ), and renewables. Natural gas, including LNG, continues to be the growth fuel of choice for the electrical power and industrial sectors in many of the world s regions in primary power generation, and as a complement to renewables as a source of backup and standby power. The pipeline and storage infrastructure required to supply these new users creates increased interest in our products and services. 

Hydrocarbon Processing . Hydrocarbon processing involves the production, refining, and processing of hydrocarbons and organic chemicals (petrochemicals) for use in a variety of downstream applications, such as gasoline, aviation fuel, fertilizers, lubricants, polymers, plastics, paints and coatings, and additives that keep industry and our economies operating. In response to increasing global demand for petrochemicals and refined products, companies are producing a wider range of intermediate and final products from new sources, upgrading and expanding existing facilities and process lines, and constructing new production and processing. These new and expanded facilities must comply with stricter environmental regulations, wastewater discharge, and emission controls requirements, and the adaptation of production processes will require new or modified catalyst recovery and regeneration systems which we provide. 

These factors, individually or collectively, tend to drive increases in industrial capital spending that are not directly impacted by general economic conditions. In contrast, favorable conditions in the economy generally lead to plant expansions and the construction of new industrial sites. However, in a weak economy, customers tend to lengthen the time from initial inquiry to the purchase order or may elect to defer purchases. 
 3 

Mission and Strategy 
 Our mission is to help companies grow their business with safe, clean and more efficient solutions that help protect their people, the environment and their industrial equipment and facilities. 
 We seek to fulfill this mission by providing leading solutions for niche, engineered applications in industrial air treatment and management, industrial water treatment, and the energy transition. We will continue to leverage our technologies and application expertise for customers around the world. 
 Our strategy to become a global leader in niche applications in industrial air treatment and management, industrial water treatment, and the energy transition is supported by an operating environment of performance excellence across the Company. 
 We constantly look for opportunities to apply our technology and expertise to new customers and in new geographies in our existing end markets, and to enter new end markets with our existing set of products and solutions. Acquisitions are a big part of our growth model and we constantly are seeking out value-added, accretive additions to the CECO portfolio aligned with our strategic focus in industrial air, industrial water and the energy transition. 
 We intend to continue to expand our customer base and end markets and have continued to pursue potential attractive growth opportunities both domestically and internationally. In the past few years, we have expanded our international presence with new sales engineering hubs in the United Kingdom, Shanghai (China), Singapore, Pune (India), and Dubai. 
 Business Segments 
 Our reportable segments continue to be focused on attractive end markets and each segment is aligned to generate profitable growth for the Company with a compelling technology and solution set to benefit customers. 
 Engineered Systems segment: Our Engineered Systems segment serves the power generation, hydrocarbon processing, water/wastewater treatment, oily water separation and treatment, marine and naval vessels, and midstream oil gas sectors. We are a key part of helping meet the global demand for environmental and equipment protection solutions with our highly engineered platforms including emissions control, fluid bed cyclones, thermal acoustics, separation filtration, and dampers expansion joints. 

Industrial Process Solutions segment: Our Industrial Process Solutions segment serves the broad industrial sector with solutions for air pollution and contamination control, fluid handling, and process filtration in applications such as aluminum beverage can production, automobile production, food and beverage processing, semiconductor fabrication, electronics production, steel and aluminum mill processing, wood manufacturing, desalination, and aquaculture markets. For Industrial Air applications, we assist companies maintain clean and safe operations for employees, reduce energy consumption, minimize waste for customers, and ensure they meet regulatory standards for toxic emissions, fumes, volatile organic compounds, and odor elimination through our platforms including duct fabrication installation, industrial air, and fluid handling. 

Competitive Strengths 
 Leading market position as a complete solution provider . We believe we are a leading provider of critical solutions in industrial air quality, industrial water treatment, and energy transition solutions. The multi-billion dollar global market is highly fragmented with numerous small and regional contracting firms separately supplying engineering services, fabrication, installation, testing and monitoring, products and spare parts. We offer our customers a complete end-to-end solution, including engineering and project management services, procurement and fabrication, construction and installation, aftermarket support, and sale of consumables, which allows our customers to avoid dealing with multiple vendors when managing projects. 
 Long-standing experience and customer relationships in growing industry . We have serviced the needs of our target markets for over 50 years. Our extensive experience and expertise in providing diversified solutions enhances our overall customer relationships, and provides us with a competitive advantage in our markets relative to other companies in the industry. We believe this is evidenced by strong relationships with many of our world-class customers. We believe no single competitor has the resources to offer a similar portfolio of product and service capabilities. We offer the depth of a large organization, while our lean organizational structure keeps us close to our customers and markets, allowing us to offer rapid and complete solutions in each unique situation. 
 4 

Diversified equipment and solution portfolio and broad customer base. The global diversity of our offering and footprint and customer base provides us with multiple growth opportunities. We have a diversified customer base across a range of industries. We believe that the diversity of our customers, solutions, and end markets mitigates our risk of a potential fluctuation or downturn in demand from any individual industry or particular customer. We believe we have the resources and capabilities to meet the needs of our customers as they upgrade and expand domestically as well as into new international markets. Once systems have been installed and a relationship has been established with the customer, we are often awarded repetitive service and maintenance business as the customers processes change and modifications or additions to their systems become necessary. 
 Experienced management and engineering team. Our business management team has substantial experience in delivering highly-engineered solutions for industrial air quality, industrial water treatment, and energy transition applications. The collective experience of our teams enables us to pursue our strategy, and to successfully execute on our strategic and growth priorities. Our team includes approximately 400 engineers, designers, solution experts, and project managers whose industry experience and technical expertise enables them to have a deep understanding of the solutions that will best suit the needs of our customers. The experience and stability of our senior management, operating and engineering teams have been crucial to our recent growth and to developing and maintaining customer relationships, and increasing our market position. 
 Innovative solutions . We leverage our engineering and manufacturing expertise, fabrication partner network, and strong customer relationships to develop and deliver new products and solutions to address the identified needs of our customers or a particular end market. We thoroughly analyze each new opportunity by considering projected demand, pricing, and cost to deliver, and only pursue those opportunities that we believe will contribute to sustainable earnings growth. In addition, we seek to continually improve our legacy technologies, solutions, and applications with the aim to maintain competitiveness in our existing customer segments, and to adapt them to new industries and customers. 
 Disciplined acquisition program with successful integration . We believe that we have demonstrated an ability to successfully acquire and integrate companies with complementary product or service offerings. We will continue to seek and execute additional strategic acquisitions and focus on expanding our solution and product breadth and reach, as well as entering into adjacent customer segments and applications. We believe that the breadth and diversity of our products and services and our ability to deliver full solutions to various end markets provides us with multiple sources of stable growth, relative scale benefits, and a competitive advantage relative to other players in the industry, and we will continue to reinforce this advantage. 
 Products and Services 
 We provide a wide range of engineered and configured products and solutions including dampers and diverters, expansion joints, selective catalytic reduction systems, severe-service and industrial cyclones, dust collectors, thermal oxidizers, filtration systems, wet and dry scrubbers, separators and coalescers, water treatment packages, metallic and non-metallic pumps, industrial silencers and fluid handling equipment, and plant engineering services and engineered design build fabrication. Our products and solutions primarily compete on the basis of performance, track record, speed of delivery, quality, price and customer service. 
 Project Design and Research and Development 
 Our strategy is to produce and supply, differentiated specialized or configured products and solutions that are often tailored to the specifications of a customer or application. We start by understanding our customers needs, then by focusing our new product development efforts on those criteria that help protect our shared environment while improving a variety of operational outcomes including, but not limited to, facility uptime, production quality, employee safety, equipment protection and process performance. 
 We continually collaborate with our customers on projects to ensure the proper solution and customer satisfaction. The project development cycle may follow many different paths depending on the specifics of the job and end market. The cycle can take from one to more than twelve months from concept and design to production but may vary significantly depending on developments that occur during the process, including among others, the emergence of new environmental demands, changes in design specifications and ability to obtain necessary approvals. 
 Sales, Marketing and Support 
 Our global commercial strategy is to provide a solutions-based approach for our customers, which may take on the role of single source provider of technology, products and equipment for a particular project. When called upon, this strategy involves expanding our scope of supply by utilizing our portfolio of in-house technologies and those of third-party equipment suppliers, many of which have been long-standing partners evolved from pure supplier roles to value-added business partners. Where we identify a technology that is a critical element or commonly required for a solution, we will consider acquiring such technology to ensure we have the appropriate degree of strategic control. This enables us to leverage existing business with selective alliances of suppliers and 
 5 

application specific engineering expertise. Our value proposition to our customers is to provide competitively priced, customized solutions that leverage our vast project experience base and design library. Our industry-specific knowledge, accompanied by our product and service offerings, provides valuable benefits for our customers and synergies across our network of partners. 
 We sell and market our products and services with our own direct sales force, in key regions including the United States, the Netherlands, United Kingdom, Canada, United Arab Emirates, India, China, Korea, and Singapore. Our direct sales and business development teams when appropriate will work in conjunction with outside sales representatives in the North America, South America, Europe, Middle East, Southeast and East Asia, and India regions. We expect to continue expanding our sales and support capabilities and our network of outside sales representatives in key regions domestically and internationally. 
 We market our offerings to our customers through a variety of channels including, but not limited to, digital, web, social media, email campaigns, individual customer visits, product announcements, brochures, magazine articles, advertisements and cover or article features in trade journals and other publications. We also participate in public relations and promotional events, including industry tradeshows and technical conferences. 
 Our customer service organization and sales force provides our customers with technical assistance, use and maintenance information as well as other key information regarding their purchase. We also actively provide our customers with access to key information regarding changes and pending changes in environmental regulations as well as new product or service developments. We believe that maintaining a close relationship with our customers and providing them with the support they request improves their level of satisfaction and enables us to foresee their potential future product needs or service demands. Moreover, this approach can lead to sales of annual service and support contracts as well as consumables. Our website also provides our customers with online tools and technical resources. 
 Quality Assurance 
 In engineered systems, quality is defined as system performance. We review with our customers, before the contract is signed, the technical specification and the efficiency of the equipment that will be customized to meet their specific needs. We then review these same parameters internally to assure that warranties will be met. Standard project management and production management tools are used to help ensure that all work is done to specification and that project schedules are met. Equipment is tested at the site to ensure it is functioning properly. 
 Customers 
 We are not dependent upon any single customer, and no customer contributed 10 or more of our consolidated revenues for 2022. 
 Suppliers and Subcontractors 
 We purchase our raw materials and supplies from a variety of global sources. When possible, we directly secure iron and steel sheet and plate products from steel mills, whereas other materials are purchased from a variety of steel service centers. Steel prices have traditionally been volatile, but we typically mitigate the risk of higher prices by including a surcharge on our standard products. On contract work, we try to mitigate the risk of higher prices by including the current price in our estimate and generally include price inflation clauses for protection. 
 Typically, on turnkey projects, we subcontract manufacturing, electrical work, concrete work, controls, conveyors and insulation. We use subcontractors with whom we have good working relationships and review each project at the beginning and on an ongoing basis to help ensure that all work is being done according to our specifications. Subcontractors are generally paid when we are paid by our customers according to the terms of our contract with the customer. Our asset-light business model focuses on effective management of subcontractors and flow of raw and finished materials, which allows us to optimize working capital levels through reduction in certain assets and reduce capital expenditures. 
 While we believe we have a good relationship with our suppliers and subcontractors, we are currently experiencing shortages of raw materials and inflationary pressures for certain materials and labor. We expect these supply chain challenges and cost impacts to continue for the foreseeable future as markets continue to recover and supply chains further normalize. Although we have secured additional raw materials from existing and alternate suppliers and have taken other mitigating actions to mitigate supply disruptions, we cannot guarantee that we can continue to do so in the future. In this event, our business, results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 6 

Backlog 
 Backlog (i.e., unfulfilled or remaining performance obligations) represents the sales we expect to recognize for our products and services for which control has not yet transferred to the customer. Backlog was 311.7 million as of December 31, 2022 as compared to 213.9 million as of December 31, 2021, an increase of 97.8 million or 45.7 . Backlog is adjusted on a quarterly basis for fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Substantially all backlog is expected to be delivered within 18 months, with a majority within 12 months. Backlog is not defined by United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and our methodology for calculating backlog may not be consistent with methodologies used by other companies. 
 Competition 
 The markets we serve are highly fragmented with numerous small and regional participants. We believe no single company competes with us across the full range of our solutions and products. Competition in the markets we serve is based on a number of considerations, including past performance, track record, customer approvals, lead times, technology, applications experience, know-how, reputation, product warranties, service and price. Demand for our product can vary period over period depending on conditions in the markets we serve. We believe our product performance and quality, reliability, durability, on-time delivery, and safety supported by advanced engineering and operational excellence differentiate us from many of our competitors, including those competitors who often offer products at a lower price. 
 Due to the size and shipping weight of many of our projects, localized manufacturing/fabrication capabilities are very important to our customers. As a result, competition varies widely by region and industry. The market for our engineered products is reasonably competitive and is characterized by technological stability, continuously evolving environmental regulations, and increasing customer requirements. We believe that the additional competitive factors in our markets include: 
 performance track record and reputation; 

comprehensive portfolio of solutions; 

brand recognition; 

high design standard; 

quality customer service and support; and 

financial and operational stability. 

We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors. 
 Government Regulations 
 We believe our operations are in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. We believe that changes in environmental laws and regulations create opportunity given the nature of our business. 
 Our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations. While there are not currently regulations proposed or pending that we believe will result in material capital, operating or other costs to the business at this time, such regulations could be proposed and/or passed into law in 2023 or beyond. Other regulations currently in place could be withdrawn and replaced with more stringent requirements in 2023 or beyond. New laws and regulations and the costs of compliance with such new laws and regulations can only be broadly appraised until their implementation becomes more defined through regulatory guidance and enforcement. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, employee and third-party nondisclosure/confidentiality agreements and license agreements to protect our intellectual property. We sell most of our products under a number of registered trade names, brand names and registered trademarks, which we believe are widely recognized in the industry. While we hold patents within a number of our businesses, we do not view our patents to be material to our business. 
 Commitment to Values and Ethics 
 
 At CECO, we act in accordance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code of Conduct ), which sets forth expectations and guidance for employees to make appropriate decisions. Our Code of Conduct covers topics such as anti-corruption, discrimination, harassment, data privacy, appropriate use of company assets, protecting confidential information, and reporting Code 
 7 

of Conduct violations. The Code of Conduct reflects our commitment to operating in a fair, honest, responsible and ethical manner and also provides direction for reporting complaints in the event of alleged violations of our policies, including through an anonymous helpline. Our executive officers and managers maintain an open door policy, and any form of retaliation is strictly prohibited. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 CECO recognizes that in order to drive innovation and operational excellence, we must identify, attract, retain and motivate world-class talent. As of December 31, 2022, CECO has approximately 1,000 employees, across nine countries. 126 of our US employees are unionized in our Pennsylvania, Tennessee and North Carolina facilities. 
 
 Talent, Leadership and People Development 
 
 To support personal and professional development, we have strategically committed resources to leadership and management development programs, product knowledge, job skills, and compliance training. In 2022, CECO continued to leverage an online learning platform so our employees can continue developing their skill sets and knowledge. Our learning platform offers over 16,000 courses and certifications ranging from job function to leadership and resource training. As of December 31, 2022, 85 of our employees have engaged with this learning platform and each is spending an average of approximately two hours per month building their knowledge and skills. Additionally, in 2021 we further invested in high performing leaders by partnering with top US Universities including Wharton, Yale, MIT University of CA Berkeley, University of Pennsylvania and more, to build strategic, leadership and operational excellence skills. We also partnered with the Center of Creative Leadership to further reinforce leadership skills by investing in executive level coaching of high performing leaders. We believe this investment in our team members and leaders results in a more knowledgeable and competent workforce today while strengthening our succession plan and leadership bench for the future. 
 
 We provide a variety of resources to help our employees grow in their current roles and build new skills to thrive in the workplace of the future. Strategic talent reviews are conducted annually across all business areas. Our Board of Directors Board is updated on the Company s people strategy on an annual basis, which is refined based on business drivers, market factors and key initiatives designed to drive the corporate strategy and business results and meets to review our succession planning strategy and leadership pipeline for key roles, taking into account the Company s long-term strategy. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 At CECO, the health and safety of our employees is one of our highest priorities. We believe that all injuries, occupational illnesses and incidents are preventable, and we are committed to operating with a zero-incident culture. Through our environmental, health and safety program we implement policies and training programs, as well as perform self-audits to ensure our colleagues leave the workplace safely every day. To better understand employee safety at the site level, we have safety committees and safety scorecards to share best practices between sites. 
 
 We currently share scorecard information monthly to foster visibility, accountability and commitment across our workplace, communicating and celebrating successful results across the enterprise. In addition to lagging indicators, such as injury performance, the scorecards highlight leading indicators such as safety observations and near-misses, as well as other proactive actions taken at each site to ensure worker safety. For the year ended December 31, 2022, CECO s domestic Total Recordable Incident Rate TRIR was 1.1 as compared to our benchmark industry average TRIR of 4.1 . 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and an Inclusive Culture 
 
 At CECO we believe a diverse and inclusive workforce is critical to inspiring innovative thinking, creative problem-solving, performance, and results, so we cultivate an environment where team members feel valued, engaged, and inspired to give their best. The unique characteristics that shape each individual help inform our decisions as a company, and this mindset allows CECO to realize new opportunities and add value to our customers, partners, and stockholders. 
 
 As part of our efforts to expand CECO s diverse workforce, we: 
 initiated and implemented recruitment efforts to attract and build a more diverse workforce, including expanding career opportunity postings on career websites to diverse job boards, as well as search engines that aggregate and display job openings by employers, including those dedicated to diverse candidates; 

are developing a comprehensive Diversity, Equity and Inclusive roadmap to align with our operational structure. 

8 

CECO s commitment to expanding our diverse workforce and enhancing our inclusive culture is driven by our recognition that a workplace that is reflective of our global customer base establishes a firm foundation to drive creativity and innovation, which lead to problem solving, development, performance, and business success. 
 Executive Officers of CECO 
 The following are the executive officers of the Company as of February 28, 2023. All officers serve for a one year term and until their successors are elected and qualified. 
 Todd Gleason (52) has served as a director and Chief Executive Officer since July 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Gleason most recently served, from April 2015 to July 2020, as President and Chief Executive Officer of Scientific Analytics Inc., a predictive analytic technologies and services company. Prior to that position, Mr. Gleason served from June 2007 to March 2015 in a number of senior officer and executive positions for Pentair plc, a water treatment company. During his tenure with Pentair, Mr. Gleason served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Officer from January 2013 to March 2015, President, Integration and Standardization from January 2010 to January 2013, and Vice President, Global Growth and Investor Relations from June 2007 to January 2010. Before joining Pentair, Mr. Gleason served as Vice President, Strategy and Investor Relations for American Standard Companies Inc. (later renamed to Trane Inc. prior to its acquisition by Ingersoll-Rand Company Limited), a global, diversified manufacturing company, and in a number of different roles (including as Chief Financial Officer, Honeywell Process Solutions) at Honeywell International Inc., a diversified technology and manufacturing company. Mr. Gleason holds a Masters of Science degrees in Management and Public Policy from Carnegie Mellon University and a Bachelors of Arts in International Studies and History from Wesleyan University. 
 Peter Johansson (58) has served as SVP, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer since August 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Johansson had more than 35 years of diversified industrial business experience with Accudyne Industries, IDEX Corporation, ITT Corporation, American Standard Companies (Trane Technologies, WABCO), and Honeywell. He has led complex organizations through transformational growth, and brings perspectives and capabilities around financial analysis, capital market programs and leading concepts in strategy formulation and deployment, business development programs and operational effectiveness. Mr. Johansson holds a Masters of Business Administration from the Anderson Graduate School of Management at UCLA, a Masters of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from California State University-Fullerton, and a Bachelors of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas. 
 Ramesh Nuggihalli (57) has served as Chief Operating Officer since April 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Nuggihalli held the Chief Operating Officer role for NovaTech, LLC, a private industrial automation company, from July 2018 to November 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Nuggihalli was the President and Managing Director of Xylem Asia, a provider of premium field, portable, online and laboratory analytical instruments and software serving the water sector. Before Xylem, he was the Managing Director of Pentair Middle East based out of Dubai, UAE, serving the energy sector. Mr. Nuggihalli has more than 20 years of experience working in more than 25 countries managing complex international businesses in emerging markets. Mr. Nuggihalli has held executive leadership roles at Tyco International, a security systems company, Ametek, a global manufacturer of electronic instruments and electromechanical devices, General Electric, Babcock Wilcox, an American renewable environmental and thermal energy technologies and service provider and SNC-Lavalin, a Canadian company based in Montreal that provides engineering, procurement, and construction services to various industries, including mining and metallurgy, oil and gas, environment and water, infrastructure, and clean power. Mr. Nuggihalli holds a Master of Business Administration from Wilfred Laurier University in Canada, a Master of Engineering degree from McGill University in Canada and a Bachelor s degree in Engineering from the University of Mysore, India. 
 Lynn Watkins-Asiyanbi (48) has served as SVP, Chief Administrative and Legal Officer, and Corporate Secretary since August 2022. Ms. Watkins-Asiyanbi previously served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since joining the Company in June 2022. Ms. Watkins-Asiyanbi brings more than 25 years of industrial business experience, with global industrial companies such as John Bean Technologies Corporation, W.W. Grainger, Inc., U.S. Foods, Inc., Mars, Inc. and General Mills. Lynn holds a joint J.D. and MBA from Northwestern University s Pritzker School of Law and the Kellogg School of Management and a bachelor s degree in Chemical Engineering and Economics from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. 
 Paul Gohr (41) has served as Chief Accounting Officer since May 2017. Mr. Gohr previously served as Vice President of Financial Reporting since joining the Company in September 2014. From 2004 to 2014, Mr. Gohr served in various roles of increasing responsibility within Grant Thornton LLP, a global public accounting firm, most recently as a Senior Manager of Audit Services. While at Grant Thornton LLP, Mr. Gohr served a broad base of both public and private companies with international operations, many of which were acquisitive in nature. Mr. Gohr is a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Gohr holds a Masters of Accountancy degree from Miami University and a Bachelor s degree in Business, Accountancy from Miami University. 
 9 

Available Information 
 We use the Investor Relations section of our website, www.cecoenviro.com , as a channel for routine distribution of important information, including news releases, investor presentations and financial information. We post filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC, including our annual, quarterly, and current reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K; proxy statements; and any amendments to those reports or statements. All such postings and filings are available on our website free of charge. The SEC also maintains a website, www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The content on any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K unless expressly noted. 
 10 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risk factors described below, together with the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before you decide to invest in our securities. The risks described below are the material risks of which we are currently aware; however, they may not be the only risks that we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently view as immaterial may also impair our business. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. If any of these risks develop into actual events, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and the trading price of your shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Our business may be adversely affected by global economic conditions. 
 A national or global economic downturn or credit crisis may have a significant negative impact on our financial condition, future results of operations and cash flows. Specific risk factors related to these overall economic and credit conditions include the following: 
 customers or potential customers may reduce or delay their procurement or new product development; 

key suppliers may have difficulties resulting in delays for our material purchases; 

vendors, suppliers and other third parties may fail to perform their contractual obligations; and 

customers may become insolvent and/or unable to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products and services. 

These risk factors could reduce our product sales, increase our operating costs, impact our ability to collect customer receivables, lengthen our cash conversion cycle and increase our need for cash, which would ultimately decrease our profitability and negatively impact our financial condition. They could also limit our ability to expand through acquisitions due to the tightening of the credit markets. 
 Our dependence upon fixed-price contracts could adversely affect our operating results. 
 The majority of our projects are currently performed on a fixed-price basis, while a limited number of projects are currently performed on a time and materials basis. Under a fixed-price contract, we agree on the price that we will receive for the entire project, based upon a defined scope, which includes specific assumptions and project criteria. If our estimates of the costs to complete the project are below the actual costs that we incur, our margins will decrease, or we may incur a loss. The revenue, cost and gross profit realized on a fixed-price contract will often vary from the estimated amounts because of unforeseen conditions or changes in job conditions and variations in labor and equipment productivity over the term of the contract. While our fixed-price contracts are typically not individually material to our operating results, if we are unsuccessful in mitigating these risks, we may realize gross profits that are different from those originally estimated and incur reduced profitability or losses on projects. Depending on the size of a project, these variations from estimated contract performance could have a significant effect on our operating results. In general, turnkey contracts to be performed on a fixed-price basis involve an increased risk of significant variations. Generally, our contracts and projects vary in length, depending on the size and complexity of the project, project owner demands and other factors. The foregoing risks are exacerbated for projects with longer-term durations and the inherent difficulties in estimating costs and of the interrelationship of the integrated services to be provided under these contracts whereby unanticipated costs or delays in performing part of the contract can have compounding effects by increasing costs of performing other parts of the contract. 
 Accounting for contract revenue may result in material adjustments that would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenues from fixed price contracts. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. A significant amount of our revenue is recognized over a period of time as we perform under the contract because control of the work in process transfers continuously to the customer. For performance obligations to deliver products with continuous transfer of control to the customer, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. Progress is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs to complete the performance obligation. For these contracts, the cost-to-cost measure best depicts the continuous transfer of goods or services to the customer. 
 Contract revenue and total direct cost estimates are reviewed and revised periodically as the work progresses and as change orders are approved, and adjustments are reflected in contract revenue in the period when these estimates are revised. These estimates are based 
 11 

on management s reasonable assumptions and our historical experience, and are only estimates. Variation of actual results from these assumptions, which are outside the control of management and can differ from our historical experience could be material. To the extent that these adjustments result in an increase, a reduction or the elimination of previously reported contract revenue, we would recognize a credit or a charge against current earnings, which could be material. 
 Our inability to deliver our backlog on time could affect our future sales and profitability, and our relationships with our customers. 
 Our backlog was 311.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 213.9 million at December 31, 2021. Our ability to meet customer delivery schedules for our backlog is dependent on a number of factors including, but not limited to, access to the raw materials required for production, an adequately trained and capable workforce, project engineering expertise for certain large projects, sufficient internal manufacturing plant capacity, available subcontractors and appropriate planning and scheduling of manufacturing resources. Our failure to deliver in accordance with customer expectations may result in damage to existing customer relationships and result in the loss of future business. Failure to deliver backlog in accordance with expectations could negatively impact our financial performance and cause adverse changes in the market price of our common stock. 
 Volatility of oil and natural gas prices can adversely affect demand for our products and services. 
 Volatility in oil and natural gas prices can impact our customers activity levels and spending for our products and services. Current energy prices are important contributors to cash flow for our customers and their ability to fund capital expenditures. Lower oil and natural gas prices generally lead to decreased spending by our customers. While higher oil and natural gas prices generally lead to increased spending by our customers, sustained high energy prices can be an impediment to economic growth, and can therefore negatively impact spending by our customers. Our customers also take into account the volatility of energy prices and other risk factors by requiring higher returns for individual projects if there is a higher perceived risk. Any of these factors could affect the demand for oil and natural gas and could have a material effect on our results of operations. 
 Increasing costs for manufactured components, raw materials, transportation, health care and energy prices may adversely affect our profitability. 
 We use a broad range of manufactured components and raw materials in our products, including raw steel, steel-related components, resin, filtration media and equipment such as fans and motors. Materials, wages and subcontracting costs comprise the largest components of our total costs. The current economic environment has resulted, and may continue to result, in price volatility and inflation of these costs. Further increases in the price of these items could further materially increase our operating costs and materially adversely affect our profit margins. Similarly, transportation, steel and health care costs have risen steadily over the past few years and represent an increasing burden for us. Although we try to contain these costs whenever possible, and although we try to pass along increased costs in the form of price increases to our customers, we may be unsuccessful in doing so, and even when successful, the timing of such price increases may lag significantly behind our incurrence of higher costs. 
 Our financial performance may vary significantly from period to period. 
 Our annual revenues and earnings have varied in the past and are likely to vary in the future. Our contracts generally stipulate customer-specific delivery terms and may have contract cycles of a year or more, which subjects these contracts to many factors beyond our control. In addition, contracts that are significantly larger in size than our typical contracts tend to intensify their impact on our annual operating results. Furthermore, as a significant portion of our operating costs are fixed, an unanticipated decrease in our revenues, a delay or cancellation of orders in backlog, or a decrease in the demand for our products, may have a significant impact on our annual operating results. Therefore, our annual operating results may be subject to significant variations and our operating performance in one period may not be indicative of our future performance. 
 Customers may cancel or delay projects. As a result, our backlog may not be indicative of our future revenue. 
 Customers may cancel or delay projects for reasons beyond our control. Our orders normally contain cancellation provisions that permit us to recover our costs, and, for most contracts, a portion of our anticipated profit in the event a customer cancels an order. If a customer elects to cancel an order, we may not realize the full amount of revenues included in our backlog. If projects are delayed, the timing of our revenues could be affected and projects may remain in our backlog for extended periods of time. Revenue recognition occurs over long periods of time and is subject to unanticipated delays. If we receive relatively large orders in any given quarter, fluctuations in the levels of our quarterly backlog can result because the backlog in that quarter may reach levels that may not be sustained in subsequent quarters. As a result, our backlog may not be indicative of our future revenues. With rare exceptions, we are not issued contracts until a customer is ready to start work on a project. Thus, it is our experience that the only relationship between the length of a project and the possibility that a project may be cancelled is simply the fact that there is more time involved. For 
 12 

example, in a year-long project as opposed to a three-month project, more time is available for the customer to experience a softening in its business, which may cause the customer to cancel a project. 
 We face significant competition in the markets we serve. 
 All of the product and solution categories in which we compete are highly fragmented and competitive. We compete in industrial markets against a number of local, regional and national manufacturers and suppliers in each of our product or service lines, many of which have been in existence longer than us and some of which have substantially greater financial resources than we do. Our products primarily compete on the basis of performance, quality, reliability, lead time, on-time delivery, and safety supported by advanced engineering and operational excellence. We must also be responsive to any technological developments and related changing customer requirements. Any failure by us to compete effectively in the markets we serve could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We may incur material costs as a result of existing or future product liability claims, or other claims and litigation that could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; and our insurance coverage may not cover all claims or may be insufficient to cover the claims. 
 Despite our quality assurance measures, we may be exposed to product liability claims, other claims and litigation in the event that the use of our products results, or is alleged to result, in bodily injury and/or property damage or our products actually or allegedly fail to perform as expected. Such claims may also be accompanied by fraud and deceptive trade practices claims. While we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability and other claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability and other claims. Furthermore, our insurance may not cover damages from breach of contract by us or based on alleged fraud or deceptive trade practices. Any future damages that are not covered by insurance or are in excess of policy limits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, product liability and other claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. 
 
 An unsuccessful defense of a product liability or other claim could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us. 
 Liability to customers under warranties may adversely affect our reputation, our ability to obtain future business and our results of operations. 
 We provide certain warranties as to the proper operation and conformance to specifications of the products we manufacture or produce. Failure of our products to operate properly or to meet specifications may increase our costs by requiring additional engineering resources and services, replacement of parts and equipment or monetary reimbursement to customers. We have in the past received warranty claims, are currently subject to warranty claims, and we expect to continue to receive warranty claims in the future. To the extent that we incur substantial warranty claims in any period, our reputation, our ability to obtain future business and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to our Business Model and Capital Structure 
 Our gross profit may be affected by shifts in our product mix. 
 Certain of our products have higher gross profit margins than others. Consequently, changes in the product mix of our sales from quarter-to-quarter or from year-to-year can have a significant impact on our reported gross profit margins. Certain of our products also have a much higher internally manufactured cost component. Therefore, changes from quarter-to-quarter or from year-to-year can have a significant impact on our reported gross profit margins. In addition, contracts with a higher percentage of subcontracted work or equipment purchases may result in lower gross profit margins. 
 Our manufacturing operations are dependent on third-party suppliers. 
 Although we are not dependent on any one supplier, we are dependent on the ability of our third-party suppliers to supply our raw materials, as well as certain specific component parts and sub-assemblies. The third-party suppliers upon which we depend may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, insolvency, lack of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure, fraud, loss of key personnel, health-related shutdowns, or other reasons. We cannot assure you that our third-party suppliers will dedicate sufficient resources to meet our scheduled delivery requirements or that our suppliers will have sufficient resources to satisfy 
 13 

our requirements during any period of sustained demand. Failure of suppliers to supply, or delays in supplying, our raw materials or certain components, or allocations in the supply of certain high demand raw components, for any reason, including, without limitation, disruptions in our suppliers due to cybersecurity incidents, terrorist activity, public health crises (such as COVID-19), fires or other natural disasters could materially adversely affect our operations and ability to meet our own delivery schedules on a timely and competitive basis. Additionally, our third-party suppliers may provide us with raw materials or component parts that fail to meet our expectations or the expectations of our customers, which could subject us to product liability claims, other claims and litigation. 
 Our use of subcontractors could potentially harm our profitability and business reputation. 
 Occasionally we act as a prime contractor in some of the projects we undertake. In our capacity as lead provider, and when acting as a prime contractor, we perform a portion of the work on our projects with our own resources and typically subcontract activities such as manufacturing, electrical work, concrete work, insulation, conveyors and controls. In our industry, the lead contractor is normally responsible for the performance of the entire contract, including subcontract work. Thus, when acting as a prime contractor, we are subject to risk associated with the failure of one or more subcontractors to perform as anticipated. 
 
 We employ subcontractors at various locations around the world to meet our customers needs in a timely manner, meet local content requirements and reduce costs. Subcontractors generally perform the majority of our manufacturing for international customers. We also utilize subcontractors in North America. The use of subcontractors decreases our control over the performance of these functions and could result in project delays, escalated costs and substandard quality. These risks could adversely affect our profitability and business reputation. In addition, many of our competitors, who have greater financial resources and greater bargaining power than we have, use the same subcontractors that we use and could potentially influence our ability to hire these subcontractors. If we were to lose relationships with key subcontractors, our business could be adversely impacted. 
 A significant portion of our accounts receivable are related to larger contracts, which increases our exposure to credit risk. 
 Significant portions of our sales are to customers who place large orders for custom products and whose activities are related to the power generation and oil gas industries. As a result, our exposure to credit risk is affected to some degree by conditions within these industries and governmental and or political conditions. We frequently attempt to reduce our exposure to credit risk by requiring progress or milestone payments and letters of credit as well as closely monitoring the credit worthiness of our customers. However, the continuing economic climate and other unanticipated events that affect our customers could have a materially adverse impact on our operating results. 
 Changes in billing terms can increase our exposure to working capital and credit risk. 
 Our products are generally sold under contracts that allow us to bill upon the completion of certain agreed upon milestones or upon actual shipment of the product, and certain contracts include a retention provision. We attempt to negotiate progress-billing milestones on all large contracts to help us manage the working capital and credit risk associated with these large contracts. Consequently, shifts in the billing terms of the contracts in our backlog from period to period can increase our requirement for working capital and can increase our exposure to credit risk. 
 Currency fluctuations may reduce profits on our foreign sales or increase our costs, either of which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Given that approximately 35 of our 2022 revenues are outside the United States, we are subject to the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Although our financial results are reported in U.S. dollars, a portion of our sales and operating costs are realized in foreign currencies. Our sales and profitability are impacted by the movement of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies in the countries in which we generate sales and conduct operations. Long-term fluctuations in relative currency values could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial conditions. 
 14 

If our goodwill or indefinite lived intangibles become impaired, we may be required to recognize charges that would adversely impact our results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles were 192.7 million, or 38.2 , of our total assets. Goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets are not amortized, but instead are subject to annual impairment evaluations (or more frequently if circumstances require). Major factors that influence our evaluations are estimates for future revenue and expenses associated with the specific intangible asset or the reporting unit in which the goodwill resides. This is the most sensitive of our estimates related to our evaluations. Other factors considered in our evaluations include assumptions as to the business climate, industry and economic conditions. These assumptions are subjective and different estimates could have a significant impact on the results of our analyses. While management, based on current forecasts and outlooks, believes that the assumptions and estimates are reasonable, we can make no assurances that future actual operating results will be realized as planned and that there will not be material impairment charges as a result. In particular, an economic downturn could have a material adverse impact on our customers thereby forcing them to reduce or curtail doing business with us and such a result may materially affect the amount of cash flow generated by our future operations. Any write-down of goodwill or intangible assets resulting from future periodic evaluations could adversely materially impact our results of operations. 
 We may incur costs as a result of certain restructuring activities, which may negatively impact our financial results, and we may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our restructuring plans. 
 We are continuously seeking the most cost-effective means and structure to serve our customers, protect our stockholders and respond to changes in our markets. From time to time, we may engage in restructuring activities in an effort to improve cost competitiveness and profitability. We may not achieve the desired or anticipated benefits from these restructuring activities. As a result, restructuring costs may vary significantly from year to year depending on the scope of such activities. Such restructuring costs and expenses could adversely impact our financial results. 
 We are party to asbestos-containing product litigation that could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our subsidiary, Met-Pro, along with numerous other third parties, has been named as a defendant in asbestos-related lawsuits filed against a large number of industrial companies including, in particular, those in the pump and fluid handling industries. In management s opinion, the complaints typically have been vague, general and speculative, alleging that Met-Pro, along with the numerous other defendants, sold unidentified asbestos-containing products and engaged in other related actions that caused injuries (including death) and loss to the plaintiffs. The Company s insurers have hired attorneys who, together with the Company, are vigorously defending these cases. The Company believes that its insurance coverage is adequate for the cases currently pending against the Company and for the foreseeable future, assuming a continuation of the current volume, nature of cases and settlement amounts. However, the Company has no control over the number and nature of cases that are filed against it, nor as to the financial health of its insurers or their position as to coverage. The Company also presently believes that none of the pending cases will have a material adverse impact upon the Company s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 
 See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding the asbestos-related litigation in which we are involved. 
 We have 112.7 million of indebtedness as of December 31, 2022, and incurrence of additional indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, remain in compliance with debt covenants, make payments on our debt and limit our growth. 
 Our outstanding indebtedness could have important consequences for investors, including the following: 
 it may be more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the agreement governing our Credit Facility (as defined in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K), and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of the agreements governing any additional indebtedness, including financial and other restrictive covenants, could result in an event of default under such agreements; 

the covenants contained in our debt agreements, including our Credit Facility, limit our ability to borrow money in the future for acquisitions, capital expenditures or to meet our operating expenses or other general corporate obligations; 

the amount of our interest expense may increase because a substantial portion of our borrowings is at variable rates of interest, which, if interest rates increase, could result in higher interest expense; 

we may need to use a portion of our cash flows to pay interest on our debt, which will reduce the amount of money we have for operations, working capital, capital expenditures, expansion, acquisitions or general corporate or other business activities; 

15 

we may have a higher level of debt than some of our competitors, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage; 

we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse developments in our industry or the economy in general; and 

our debt level could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate. 

Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors. We will not be able to control many of these factors. We cannot be certain that our earnings will be sufficient to allow us to pay the principal and interest on our existing or future debt and meet our other obligations. If we do not have enough money to service our existing or future debt, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing or future debt, sell assets, borrow more money or raise equity. We may not be able to refinance our existing or future debt, sell assets, borrow more money or raise equity on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 
 Our ability to execute our growth strategies may be limited by our ability to secure and retain additional financing on terms reasonably acceptable to us or at all. Certain of our competitors are larger companies that may have greater access to capital, and therefore may have a competitive advantage over us should our access to capital be limited. 
 We might be unable to protect our intellectual property rights and our products could infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which could expose us to costly disputes. 
 Although we believe that our products do not infringe patents or violate the proprietary rights of others, it is possible that our existing patent rights may not be valid or that infringement of existing or future patents or proprietary rights may occur. In the event our products infringe patents or proprietary rights of others, we may be required to modify the design of our products or obtain a license for certain technology. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to do so in a timely manner, upon acceptable terms and conditions, or at all. Failure to do any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect upon our business. Moreover, if our products infringe patents or proprietary rights of others, we could, under certain circumstances, become liable for damages, which also could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks related to our pension plan may adversely impact our results of operations and cash flow. 
 Significant changes in actual investment return on pension assets, discount rates and other factors may adversely affect our results of operations and pension plan contributions in future periods. GAAP requires that we calculate the income or expense of our plan using actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial markets and interest rates. We establish the discount rate used to determine the present value of the projected and accumulated benefit obligation at the end of each year based upon the available market rates for high quality, fixed-income investments. An increase in the discount rate would increase future pension expense and, conversely, a decrease in the discount rate would decrease future pension expense. Funding requirements for our pension plan may become more significant. The ultimate amounts to be contributed are dependent upon, among other things, interest rates, underlying asset returns and the impact of legislative or regulatory changes related to pension funding obligations. 
 We may be subject to substantial withdrawal liability assessments in the future related to multiemployer pension plans to which certain of our subsidiaries make contributions pursuant to collective bargaining agreements. 
 Under applicable federal law, any employer contributing to a multiemployer pension plan that completely ceases participating in the plan while the plan is underfunded is subject to payment of such employer s assessed share of the aggregate unfunded vested benefits of the plan. In certain circumstances, an employer can be assessed a withdrawal liability for a partial withdrawal from a multiemployer pension plan. If any of these adverse events were to occur in the future, it could result in a substantial withdrawal liability assessment that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We have made and may make future acquisitions or divestitures, which involve numerous risks that could impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our operating strategy has involved expanding or contracting our scope of products and services through selective acquisitions or divestitures and the formation or elimination of new business units that are then integrated or separated into or out of our family of turnkey system providers. We have acquired other businesses, product or service lines, assets or technologies that are complementary to our business. We may be unable to find or consummate future acquisitions at acceptable prices and terms. We continually evaluate potential acquisition opportunities in the ordinary course of business. 
 16 

Although we conduct what we believe to be a prudent level of investigation regarding the operating and financial condition of the businesses, product or service lines, assets or technologies we purchase, an unavoidable level of risk remains regarding their actual operating and financial condition. Until we actually assume operating control of these businesses, product or service lines, assets or technologies, we may not be able to ascertain their actual value or understand potential liabilities. This is particularly true with respect to acquisitions outside the United States. 
 
 In addition, acquisitions of businesses may require additional debt or equity financing, resulting in additional leverage or dilution of ownership. Our Credit Facility contains certain covenants that limit, or which may have the effect of limiting, among other things, acquisitions, capital expenditures, the sale of assets and the incurrence of additional indebtedness. 
 
 Societal responses to climate change could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers. 
 Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses also may change their behavior as a result of these concerns. We and our customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions and operating process changes. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities. Among the impacts to us could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in oil gas industries. In addition, we could face reductions in our creditworthiness or in the value of our assets securing loans. Our efforts to take these risks into account in making business decisions, including by increasing our business with climate-friendly companies, may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior. 
 Global climate change and related emphasis on environmental, social and governance ESG matters by various stakeholders could negatively affect our business. 
 Customer, investor and employee expectations relating to ESG have been rapidly evolving and increasing. In addition, government organizations are enhancing or advancing legal and regulatory requirements specific to ESG matters. The heightened stakeholder focus on ESG issues related to our business requires the continuous monitoring of various and evolving laws, regulations, standards and expectations and the associated reporting requirements. A failure to adequately meet stakeholder expectations may result in noncompliance, the loss of business, reputational impacts, diluted market valuation, an inability to attract customers and an inability to attract and retain top talent. In addition, our adoption of certain standards or mandated compliance to certain requirements could necessitate additional investments that could impact our profitability. 
 Climate changes, such as extreme weather conditions, create financial risk to our business. Global physical climate changes, including unseasonable weather conditions, could result in reduced demand or product obsolescence for certain of our customers products and/or price modifications for our customers products and the resources needed to produce them. This could in turn put pressure on our manufacturing costs and result in reduced profit margin associated with certain of our customer programs, or loss of customer programs that we may not be able to replace. 
 Risks Related to Human Capital Management 
 We may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees. 
 Our future success depends upon the continued service of our executive officers and other key management and technical personnel, and on our ability to continue to identify, attract, retain and motivate them. Implementing our business strategy requires specialized engineering and other talent, as our revenues are highly dependent on technological and product innovations. The market for employees in our industry is extremely competitive, and competitors for talent, particularly engineering talent, increasingly attempt to hire, and to varying degrees have been successful in hiring, our employees, including by establishing local offices near our headquarters. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, our business may be harmed. 
 Work stoppages or similar difficulties could significantly disrupt our operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 200 of our approximately 1,000 employees are represented by international or independent labor unions under various union contracts that expire from May 1, 2023 to November 12, 2025. It is possible that our workforce will become more unionized in the future. Although we consider our employee relations to generally be good, our existing labor agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at one or more of our facilities, including due to the effects of COVID-19, may have a material adverse effect on our business. Unionization activities could also increase our costs, which could have an adverse effect on our profitability. 
 17 

Additionally, a work stoppage at one of our suppliers could adversely affect our operations if an alternative source of supply were not readily available. Work stoppages by employees of our customers also could result in reduced demand for our products. 
 Information Technology and Cybersecurity Risks 
 Our dependence on information systems and the failure of such systems, could significantly disrupt our business and negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are highly dependent on information systems that are increasingly operated by third parties and as a result we have a limited ability to ensure their continued operation. We rely on information technology systems, networks and infrastructure in managing our day-to-day operations. In the event of systems failure or interruption, including those related to force majeure, telecommunications failures, criminal acts, including hardware or software break-ins or extortion attempts, or viruses, or other cybersecurity incidents, we will have limited ability to affect the timing and success of systems restoration and any resulting interruption in our ability to manage and operate our business could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 Increased information technology cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, and products. 
 Increased global information technology cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and communications. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems, networks and products remain potentially vulnerable to advanced persistent threats. Depending on their nature and scope, such threats could potentially lead to the compromise of confidential information and communications, improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations. We have cybersecurity insurance related to a breach event covering expenses for notification, credit monitoring, investigation, crisis management, public relations and legal advice. However, damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or exceed the amount of any insurance available or may result in increased cybersecurity and other insurance premiums. In response to an increased reliance on our information technology systems, we have taken proactive measures to strengthen our information technology systems, including completion of a National Institute of Standards and Technology NIST assessment, upgraded security patches across all servers, development of best-in-class hack protection service, implementation of recurring company-wide security training and enablement of advanced security for our major information systems. Management provides the Audit Committee with regular cybersecurity program updates including cybersecurity posture, risk management activities, and emerging risk. 
 
 Furthermore, the Company may have access to sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information that may be subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, or other contractually-imposed controls. Despite our use of reasonable and appropriate controls, material security breaches, theft, misplaced, lost or corrupted data, programming, or employee errors and/or malfeasance could lead to the compromise or improper use of such sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information, resulting in possible negative consequences, such as fines, ransom demands, penalties, loss of reputation, competitiveness or customers, or other negative consequences resulting in adverse impacts to our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Regulatory Compliance and International Operations Risks 
 Our business can be significantly affected by changes in regulatory standards. 
 The markets that the Company serves are characterized by competitively imposed process standards and regulatory requirements, each of which influences the demand for our products and services. Changes in legislative, regulatory or industrial requirements may render certain of our products and processes obsolete. Conversely, these changes may present new business opportunities for us. Acceptance of new products and services may also be affected by the adoption of new government regulations requiring stricter standards. Our ability to anticipate changes in regulatory standards and to respond with new and enhanced products on a timely basis will be a significant factor in our ability to grow and to remain competitive. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to achieve the technological advances that may be necessary for us to remain competitive or that certain of our products or services will not become obsolete. 
 18 

Changes in current environmental legislation and enforcement could have an adverse impact on the sale of our environmental control systems and products and on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our business is primarily driven by capital spending, clean air rules, plant upgrades by our customers to comply with laws and regulations governing the discharge of pollutants into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment or human health. These laws include, but are not limited to, United States federal statutes such as the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Air Interstate Rule, and the regulations implementing these statutes, as well as similar laws and regulations at state and local levels and in other countries. These United States laws and regulations may change and other countries may not adopt similar laws and regulations. Our business may be adversely impacted to the extent that environmental regulations are repealed, amended, implementation dates are delayed, or to the extent that regulatory authorities reduce enforcement. 
 Our operations outside of the United States are subject to political, investment and local business risks. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 35 of our total revenue was derived from products or services ultimately delivered or provided to end users outside the United States. As part of our operating strategy, we intend to expand our international operations through internal growth and selected acquisitions. Operations outside of the United States, particularly in emerging markets, are subject to a variety of risks that are different from or are in addition to the risks we face within the United States. Among others, these risks include: (i) local, economic, political and social conditions, including potential hyperinflationary conditions and political instability in certain countries; (ii) tax-related risks, including the imposition of taxes and the lack of beneficial treaties, that result in a higher effective tax rate for us; (iii) imposition of limitations on the remittance of dividends and payments by foreign subsidiaries; (iv) difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign local systems; (v) domestic and foreign customs, tariffs and quotas or other trade barriers; (vi) risk of nationalization of private enterprises by foreign governments; (vii) managing and obtaining support and distribution channels for overseas operations; (viii) hiring and retaining qualified management personnel for our overseas operations; and (ix) the results of new trade agreements and changes in membership to international coalitions or unions. 
 
 We are also exposed to risks relating to U.S. policy with respect to companies doing business in foreign jurisdictions. Changes in laws or policies governing the terms of foreign trade, in particular increased trade restrictions, tariffs or taxes on import from countries where we procure or manufacture products, such as China, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For instance, the U.S. and Chinese governments have imposed a series of significant incremental retaliatory tariffs to certain imported goods. Given the uncertainty regarding the duration of the imposed tariffs, as well as the potential for additional tariffs by the U.S., China or other countries, as well as other changes in tax policy, trade regulations or trade agreements, and the Company s ability to implement strategies to mitigate the impact of changes in tax policy, tariffs or other trade regulations, our exposure to the risks described above could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, compliance with foreign and domestic legal and regulatory requirements, including import, export, defense regulations and foreign exchange controls and anti-corruption laws, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom s Bribery Act, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulations and similar laws of other jurisdictions, could adversely impact our ability to compete against companies in such jurisdictions. Moreover, the violation of such laws or regulations, by us or our representatives, could result in severe penalties including monetary fines, criminal proceedings and suspension of export privileges. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We cannot assure you that our internal controls and procedures will always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. If we are found to be liable for such violations, we could suffer from criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, including loss of export privileges or authorization needed to conduct aspects of our international business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 The occurrence of one or more of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our international operations or upon our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Changes in laws or regulations or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement could adversely impact our financial performance and restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies. 
 New laws or regulations, or changes in existing laws or regulations, or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement, could increase our cost of doing business and restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies. In particular, there is continued uncertainty with respect to United States trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. Any changes the Biden administration makes to United States administrative policy could result in changes to existing trade agreements, greater restrictions on free trade generally and significant increases in tariffs on goods imported into the United States, particularly tariffs on products manufactured in Mexico and China, among other possible changes. A trade war or other governmental action related to tariffs or 
 19 

international trade agreements, and any resulting negative sentiments towards the United States as a result thereof, would likely have an adverse effect on our international operations or upon our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance and investors may not be able to resell shares they purchase at their purchase price. 
 The stock market has experienced and may in the future experience volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. The market price of our common stock has experienced, and may continue to experience, substantial volatility. During 2022, the sales price of our common stock on the NASDAQ ranged from 4.09 to 12.89 per share. We expect our common stock to continue to be subject to fluctuations. Broad market and industry factors may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Factors that could cause fluctuation in the common stock price may include, among other things: 
 actual or anticipated variations in operating results; 

adverse general economic conditions, including, but not limited to, withdrawals of investments in the stock markets generally or a tightening of credit available to potential acquirers of businesses, that result in lower average prices being paid for public company shares and lower valuations being placed on businesses; 

other domestic and international macroeconomic factors unrelated to our performance; 

health epidemics and other outbreaks; 

our failure to meet the expectations of the investment community; 

industry trends and the business success of our customers; 

loss of key customers; 

announcements of technological advances by us or our competitors; 

current events affecting the political and economic environment in the United States; 

conditions or trends in our industry, including demand for our products and services, technological advances and governmental regulations; 

litigation or other proceedings involving or affecting us; and 

additions or departures of our key personnel. 

The realization of any of these risks and other factors beyond our control could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly. 
 We are not currently paying dividends and cannot make assurances that we will pay dividends on our common stock and our indebtedness could limit our ability to pay dividends. 
 The timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to our stockholders fall within the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on many factors, including our financial condition, results of operations and capital requirements, as well as applicable legal or regulatory constraints, industry practice and other business considerations that our Board of Directors considers relevant. We have not paid a cash dividend on our common stock in any of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020 and currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the operations, growth and development of our business into the foreseeable future. 
 Our ability to issue preferred stock could adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock. 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 10,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series on terms that may be determined at the time of issuance by our Board of Directors. Accordingly, we may issue shares of any series of preferred stock that would rank senior to our common stock as to voting or dividend rights or rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 20 

Certain provisions in our charter documents have anti-takeover effects. 
 Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us. Such provisions, including those limiting who may call special stockholders meetings, together with the possible issuance of our preferred stock without stockholder approval, may make it more difficult for other persons, without the approval of our Board of Directors, to make a tender offer or otherwise acquire substantial amounts of our common stock or to launch other takeover attempts that a stockholder might consider to be in such stockholder s best interest. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Failure to maintain adequate internal controls could adversely affect our business. 
 Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to include in each of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K a report containing our management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and an attestation report of our independent auditor. These laws, rules and regulations continue to evolve and could become increasingly stringent in the future. We have undertaken actions to enhance our ability to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including, but not limited to, the engagement of consultants, the documentation of existing controls and the implementation of new controls or modification of existing controls as deemed appropriate. 
 
 We continue to devote substantial time and resources to the documentation and testing of our controls, and to plan for and the implementation of remedial efforts in those instances where remediation is indicated. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including remediating any material weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended in the future, we could be subject to regulatory actions, civil or criminal penalties or stockholder litigation. In addition, failure to maintain adequate internal controls could result in financial statements that do not accurately reflect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We believe that the out-of-pocket costs, the diversion of management s attention from running our day-to-day operations and operational changes caused by the need to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will continue to be significant. 
 There are inherent limitations in all internal control systems over financial reporting, and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 While we continue to take action to ensure compliance with the internal control, disclosure control and other requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the SEC, there are inherent limitations in our ability to control all circumstances. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial and Strategy Officer, do not expect that our internal controls and disclosure controls can prevent all errors and all frauds. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefit of controls must be evaluated in relation to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Further, controls can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more persons or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may be inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 If we are not able to maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. We can give no assurances that any additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future due to our failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 21 

Item 2. P roperties 
 The Company has 30 principal operating facilities across twelve states and nine countries. The Company s executive offices are located in Dallas, Texas. We maintain our facilities in good operating condition, and we believe they are suitable and adequate for the purposes for which they are intended to conduct business. Our current capacity, with limited capital additions, is expected to be sufficient to meet production requirements for the near future. It is anticipated that most leases coming due in the near future will be renewed at expiration. The property we own is subject to collateral mortgages to secure the amounts owed under the Credit Facility. Information on the number and location of principal operating facilities by segment was as follows as of December 31, 2022. 

Location of Facilities 

Segment 
 
 Owned 

Leased 

States 
 
 Countries 

Engineered Systems Segment 

1 

15 

Arizona, California, Connecticut, New York, Ohio, Texas 
 
 United States, The Netherlands, Canada, India, United Arab Emirates, Singapore, United Kingdom, People's Republic of China, South Korea 

Industrial Process Solutions Segment 

1 

11 

California, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Tennessee 
 
 United States, United Kingdom, The Netherlands, People's Republic of China 

Corporate 

2 

Ohio, Texas 
 
 United States 

2 

28 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 22 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related S tockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CECO. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph sets forth the cumulative total return to CECO s stockholders during the five years ended December 31, 2022, as well as the following indices: Russell 2000 Index, Standard and Poor s S P 600 Small Cap Industrial Machinery Index, and S P 500 Index. The following graph assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017, including the reinvestment of dividends, in each category. 
 
 Dividends 
 The timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to our stockholders fall within the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on many factors, including our financial condition, results of operations and capital requirements, as well as applicable legal or regulatory constraints, industry practice and other business considerations that our Board of Directors considers relevant. We have not paid a cash dividend on our common stock in any of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020 and currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the operations, growth and development of our business into the foreseeable future, or for other uses such as the continuation of our share repurchase program. Payment of dividends is also subject to the continuing compliance with our financial covenants under our Credit Facility. 
 Holders 
 The approximate number of registered stockholders of record of our common stock as of February 28, 2023 was 259, although there is a larger number of beneficial owners. 
 
 23 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 The following table provides information about our purchases of our equity securities for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

Issuer's Purchases of Equity Securities 

Period (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 1 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 

51,257 

9.79 

51,257 

13,000 

November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 

13,000 

December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 

13,000 

Total 

51,257 

9.79 

51,257 

(1) On May 10, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a 20.0 million share repurchase program as described within Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The program expires on April 30, 2025. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 6. [Res erved] 
 
 24 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Management s discussion and analysis MD A should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which include additional information about our accounting policies, practices and the transactions underlying our financial results. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes including various claims and contingencies related to lawsuits, taxes, environmental and other matters arising during the normal course of business. We apply our best judgment, our knowledge of existing facts and circumstances and actions that we may undertake in the future in determining the estimates that affect our consolidated financial statements. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis using our historical experience, as well as other factors we believe appropriate under the circumstances, such as current economic conditions, and adjust or revise our estimates as circumstances change. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 Overview 
 Business Overview 
 CECO is a leading environmentally focused, diversified industrial company, serving the broad landscape of industrial air, industrial water and energy transition markets globally providing innovative technology and application expertise. We help companies grow their business with safe, clean, and more efficient solutions that help protect people, the environment and industrial equipment. Our solutions improve air and water quality, optimize emissions management, and increase the energy and process efficiency for highly engineered applications in power generation, midstream and downstream hydrocarbon processing and transport, chemical processing, electric vehicle production, polysilicon fabrication, semiconductor and electronics production, battery production and recycling, specialty metals, aluminum and steel production, beverage can manufacturing, and industrial and produced water and wastewater treatment, and a wide range of other industrial end markets. 
 Industry Trends and Corporate Strategy 
 We are a global corporation with worldwide operations. As a global business, our operations are affected by worldwide, regional and industry-specific economic factors, wherever we operate or do business. Our geographic and industry diversity, and the breadth of our product and services portfolio, have helped mitigate the impact of any one industry or the economy of any single country on our consolidated operating results. 
 We believe growth for our products and services is driven by the increase in demand for air quality and water treatment solutions, the energy transition, a shift towards cleaner sources of fuel such as natural gas, hydrogen, nuclear, and renewable sources, and increased awareness of our customers about corporate social responsibility and interest to procure equipment and solutions that protects employees, the environment and their industrial equipment. 
 With a shift to cleaner, more environmentally responsible power generation, power providers and industrial power consumers are building new facilities that use cleaner fuels. In developed markets, natural gas is the largest source of electricity generation. We supply product offerings throughout the entire natural gas value chain and believe expansion will drive growth within our Engineered Systems segment for our gas separation filtration, pressure products, acoustical equipment , water treatment solutions and DeNOx SCR systems for natural-gas-fired power plants. Increases in global natural gas, installed miles of new pipeline, including future CO2 and hydrogen pipelines, and liquified natural gas LNG demand and supply all stand to drive the need for our products. 
 We also believe there is a growing demand to control and reduce air and water emissions from industrial facilities for which our pollution control equipment will serve. In 2021, the US Congress passed the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act with 550 billion of new federal spending aimed at rebuilding roads and bridges, climate resilience, and other environmental initiatives. Similar investments are being made in many other countries in which we do business. As industrial capital expenditures grow, corporations are seeking to do so with a smaller environmental impact. These regulatory and economic tailwinds coupled with shareholder pressure on companies to improve their sustainability and reduce their global carbon footprint serve as catalysts for a growing set of opportunities for our portfolio of equipment and solutions. 
 We continue to focus on increasing revenues and profitability in developing markets, where environmental awareness and associated regulatory standards are increasing, while continuing to strengthen and expand our product offerings and channels in our domestic market of the United States. Our enterprise strategy consists of a combined operational strategy and capital allocation strategy. 
 25 

Our operational strategy is implemented through our technology and application-based platforms aligned around target customers and end markets where our solutions are particularly valuable. Core elements of our operational strategy are commercial and operational excellence, margin expansion, recurring revenue growth, cash flow generation, product management, and project management execution. 
 Our capital allocation strategy supports the growth and value creation generated by our operational strategy. We will focus our capital deployment on building out our leading industrial air solutions portfolio, advancing our emerging industrial water treatment position, and supporting our customers as they make the transition to cleaner more sustainable forms of energy, while also shifting our portfolio mix towards businesses with more recurring revenue and more predictable cash flows, strong secular growth trends and less cyclicality. 
 Market Pressures 
 The senior management team monitors and manages the Company s ability to operate effectively as the result of market pressures, including lingering impacts of the coronavirus pandemic. In particular, we are currently experiencing shortages of raw materials and inflationary pressures for certain materials and labor. We expect these supply chain challenges and cost impacts to continue for the foreseeable future as markets recover. Although we have secured additional raw materials from existing and alternate suppliers and have taken other mitigating actions to mitigate supply disruptions, we cannot guarantee that we can continue to do so in the future. In this event, our business, results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Operations Overview 
 We operate our platforms serving their respective niche end markets. Our platforms are structured to win in their target markets with a core focus on understanding customer needs and providing best-in-class solutions. Our business model provides scalable efficiencies enabling us to serve our customers with a variety of products that we typically classify into three categories: make-to-order, configure-to-order, and engineer-to-order. For our project-based platforms, we use an asset light business model leveraging third-party subcontract fabrication partners in a global network to execute for our customers world-wide. Our platforms are focused on sales, application engineering, product management, project management, and supply chain execution for our customers. 
 Our operations management team has distinct industry expertise coupled with strong leadership skills resulting in a customer-first mindset across the business. Our operations management team works closely with our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer on global fulfillment strategies, operational excellence, resource allocation, and employee development. 
 Within our segments we have monthly business reviews to ensure we are serving customers, achieving our operating plan, and executing on strategic growth initiatives. These reviews include, but are not limited to pipeline reviews, quotation reviews, project management reviews, financial performance, manufacturing scorecards, safety, and customer feedback. In these reviews we focus on metrics such as quality, customer satisfaction, on-time-delivery, lead-times, price, inflation, project margins, backlog, and above all, safety. 
 In support of the platforms, centralized teams provide back-office functions for scale, efficiency, and compliance. These key functions include: accounting, treasury, tax, payroll, benefits management, legal, information technology, marketing, and internal control over financial reporting. We have excellent collaboration between our platforms and our centralized service teams ensuring optimal efficiency and alignment on growth and improvement initiatives. 
 Our reportable segments are: 
 Engineered Systems segment: Our Engineered Systems segment serves the power generation, hydrocarbon processing, water/wastewater treatment, oily water separation and treatment, marine and naval vessels, and midstream oil gas sectors. We are a key part of helping meet the global demand for environmental and equipment protection solutions with our highly engineered platforms including emissions control, fluid bed cyclones, thermal acoustics, separation filtration, and dampers expansion joints. 

Industrial Solutions segment: Our Industrial Process Solutions segment serves the broad industrial sector with solutions for air pollution and contamination control, fluid handling, and process filtration in applications such as aluminum beverage can production, automobile production, food and beverage processing, semiconductor fabrication, electronics production, steel and aluminum mill processing, wood manufacturing, desalination, and aquaculture markets. For Industrial Air applications, we assist companies maintain clean and safe operations for employees, reduce energy consumption, minimize waste for 

26 

customers, and ensure they meet regulatory standards for toxic emissions, fumes, volatile organic compounds, and odor elimination through our platforms including duct fabrication installation, industrial air, and fluid handling. 

Our contracts are obtained either through competitive bidding or as a result of negotiations with our customers. Contract terms offered by us are generally dependent on the complexity and risk of the project as well as the resources that will be required to complete the project. Our focus is on increasing our operating margins as well as our gross margin percentage, which translates into stronger operating results. 
 Our cost of sales is principally driven by a number of factors, including material and subcontract prices and labor cost and availability. Changes in these factors may have a material impact on our overall gross profit margins. 
 We break down costs of sales into five categories. They are: 
 Subcontracts Electrical work, concrete work, subcomponents and other subcontracts necessary to produce our products; 

Labor Our direct labor both in the shop and in the field; 

Material Raw material that we buy to build our products; 

Equipment Fans, motors, control panels and other equipment necessary for turnkey systems; and 

Factory overhead Costs of facilities and supervision wages necessary to produce our products. 

In general, subcontracts are the highest percentage of costs and also the most flexible followed by labor, material, and equipment. Due to the project nature and global orientation of several of our platforms, leveraging subcontract fabrication partners close to our customers increases our ability to meet customer delivery expectations at market competitive pricing. In periods where orders are infrequent, we do not have to maintain the fixed cost of a manufacturing plant. Across our various product lines, the relative relationships of these cost categories change and cause variations in gross margin percentage. Material and labor costs can increase fast, which also reduces gross margin percentage. As material cost inflation occurs, the Company seeks to pass this cost onto our customers as price increases. 
 Selling and administrative expense principally includes sales and engineering payroll and related fringes, advertising and marketing expenditures as well as all corporate and administrative functions and other costs that support our operations. The majority of these expenses are fixed. An advantage of our asset light model is that as revenue grows, we have significant operating leverage on our fixed selling and administrative cost structure. 
 Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). These GAAP financial statements include certain charges the Company believes are not indicative of its ongoing operational performance. 
 As a result, the Company provides financial information in this MD A that was not prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to the information prepared in accordance with GAAP. The Company provides this supplemental non-GAAP financial information, which the Company s management utilizes to evaluate its ongoing financial performance, and which the Company believes provides greater transparency to investors as supplemental information to its GAAP results. 
 The Company has provided the non-GAAP financial measures including non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating margin, and non-GAAP net income as a result of the adjustment for items that the Company believes are not indicative of its ongoing operations. These items include charges associated with the Company s acquisitions, divestitures and the items described below in Consolidated Results. The Company believes that evaluation of its financial performance compared with prior and future periods can be enhanced by a presentation of results that exclude the impact of these items. The Company has incurred substantial expense and generated substantial income associated with acquisitions and divestitures. While the Company cannot predict the exact timing or amounts of such charges, it does expect to treat these charges as special items in its future presentation of non-GAAP results. 
 27 

Results of Operations 
 Consolidated Results 
 Our consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net sales 

422.6 

324.1 

316.0 

Cost of goods sold 

294.4 

223.2 

210.9 

Gross profit 

128.2 

100.9 

105.1 

Percent of sales 

30.3 

31.1 

33.3 

Selling and administrative expenses 

93.4 

81.8 

76.9 

Percent of sales 

22.1 

25.2 

24.3 

Amortization and earnout expenses 

6.8 

7.8 

8.8 

Acquisition and integration expenses 

4.5 

0.8 

1.4 

Executive transition expenses 

1.2 

1.5 

Restructuring expenses 

0.1 

0.6 

2.3 

Intangible asset impairment 

0.9 

Operating income 

22.2 

9.9 

13.3 

Percent of sales 

5.3 

3.1 

4.2 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 To compare operating performance between the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company has adjusted GAAP operating income to exclude (1) amortization of intangible assets, earnout and retention expenses, (2) restructuring expenses primarily relating to severance, facility exits, and associated legal expenses, (3) acquisition and integration expenses, which include legal, accounting, and other expenses, (4) executive transition expenses, including severance for the Company's former executives, fees and expenses incurred in the search, for and hiring, of new executives and (5) intangible asset impairment. See Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures above. The following tables present the reconciliation of GAAP operating income and GAAP operating margin to non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP operating margin, and GAAP net income to non-GAAP net income. 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating income as reported in accordance with GAAP 

22.2 

9.9 

13.3 

Operating margin in accordance with GAAP 

5.3 

3.1 

4.2 

Amortization and earnout expenses 

6.8 

7.8 

8.8 

Acquisition and integration expenses 

4.5 

0.8 

1.4 

Executive transition expenses 

1.2 

1.5 

Restructuring expenses 

0.1 

0.6 

2.3 

Intangible asset impairment 

0.9 

Non-GAAP operating income 

34.8 

19.1 

28.2 

Non-GAAP operating margin 

8.2 

5.9 

8.9 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income as reported in accordance with GAAP 

17.4 

1.4 

8.2 

Amortization and earnout expenses 

6.8 

7.8 

8.8 

Acquisition and integration expenses 

4.5 

0.8 

1.4 

Executive transition expenses 

1.2 

1.5 

Restructuring expenses 

0.1 

0.6 

2.3 

Intangible asset impairment 

0.9 

Foreign currency remeasurement 

(1.3) 

2.0 

0.3 

Tax (benefit) expense of adjustments 

(2.8) 

(2.8) 

(3.9) 

Non-GAAP net income 

25.9 

9.8 

19.5 

Non-GAAP net income as a percentage of sales 

6.1 

3.0 

6.2 

28 

Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated net sales in 2022 were 422.6 million compared with 324.1 million in 2021, an increase of 98.5 million. The increase is broad-based, led by increases of 23.0 million in our thermal acoustics technologies, 22.2 million across our entire industrial process solutions platforms, 17.8 million in our emissions management technologies, 14.4 million in our dampers and expansion joint products, and 6.9 million in engineered cyclone systems. Approximately 80.9 , or 79.7 million, of the increase in net sales is attributable to organic revenue growth, while 18.8 million is attributable to current year acquisitions. 
 Gross profit increased by 27.3 million, or 27.1 , to 128.2 million in 2022 compared with 100.9 million in 2021. The increase in gross profit is primarily attributable to the increase in sales volume as described above. Gross profit as a percentage of sales decreased to 30.3 in 2022 compared with 31.1 in 2021 due to inflation, supply chain challenges, and lower project margin mix executed during 2022, partially offset by price increases. We continue to experience shortages of raw materials and inflationary pressures for certain materials and labor. We expect these supply chain challenges and cost impacts to continue for the foreseeable future as markets recover. Although we have secured additional raw materials from existing and alternate suppliers and have taken other mitigating actions to mitigate supply disruptions, such as implementing price increases and applying material surcharges, we cannot guarantee that we can continue to do so in the future. In this event, our business, results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Orders booked were 526.6 million in 2022 compared with 360.8 million in 2021. This 46 increase is attributable to increases of 66.8 million in our separation and filtration technologies, 53.9 million in our emissions management technologies, 22.0 million in industrial air control technologies and 21.4 million in our thermal acoustics technologies. Of the 165.8 million increase in orders, 143.2 million, or 86.4 , is attributable to organic growth while 22.6 million is attributable to current year acquisitions. 
 Selling and administrative expenses were 93.4 million in 2022 compared with 81.8 million in 2021. The increase is primarily attributed to acquisitions during 2022, as well as increased headcount in order to support our revenue growth. Selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales were 22.1 in 2022 compared with 25.2 in 2021. The decrease in percentage is primarily attributable to gaining operating leverage on increased organic revenues. 
 Amortization and earnout expense was 6.8 million in 2022 and 7.8 million in 2021. The decrease in expense is primarily attributable to a decrease of 1.3 million in earnout expense, partially offset by a 0.3 million increase in definite lived asset amortization. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on earnout expenses. 
 Acquisitions and integration expenses related to various merger and acquisition diligence activities, which include legal, accounting and banking expenses, were 4.5 million in 2022, as compared with 0.8 million in 2021. The increase is due to an increase in acquisition activity (including General Rubber LLC, Compass Water Solutions, Inc., Western Air Ducts Limited and DS21 Co., Ltd. as described in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) during 2022. 
 Operating income for 2022 was 22.2 million, an increase of 12.3 million from 9.9 million in 2021. Operating income as a percentage of sales for 2022 was 5.3 compared with 3.1 for 2021. The increase in operating income is primarily attributable to increases in net organic sales and gaining operating leverage. 
 Non-GAAP operating income was 34.8 million in 2022 and 19.1 million in 2021. The increase in non-GAAP operating income is primarily attributable to the increase in net organic sales. Non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of sales for 2022 was 8.2 compared with 5.9 for 2021. 
 Other income for 2022 was 6.9 million, an increase of 9.1 million from 2.2 million other expense in 2021. The increase in other income was primarily attributable to net foreign currency transaction gains in the current year based on changes in exchange rates at our foreign subsidiaries. 
 Interest expense increased to 5.4 million in 2022 from 3.0 million in 2021. The increase in interest expense is primarily due to increased debt balances to fund current year acquisitions. 
 Income tax expense was 5.4 million and 2.7 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective tax rate for 2022 was 22.9 compared with 57.6 in 2021. Income tax expense and the effective tax rate for 2022 were affected by certain permanent differences, including state income taxes, non-deductible incentive stock-based compensation, and differences in tax rates among the jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 29 

Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 See the Management Discussion and Analysis section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 for a discussion of our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, which information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Business Segments 
 
 The Company s operations are organized and reviewed by management along its product lines and end markets that the segment serves and are presented in two reportable segments. The results of the segments are reviewed through the Income from operations line on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The amounts presented in the Net Sales table below and in the following comments regarding our net sales at the reportable business segment level exclude both intra-segment and inter-segment net sales. The Income from Operations table and corresponding comments regarding operating income (loss) at the reportable segment level include both intra-segment and inter-segment operating income. 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net Sales (less intra-, inter-segment sales) 

(table only in thousands) 

Engineered Systems Segment 

263,224 

186,926 

205,494 

Industrial Process Solutions Segment 

159,403 

137,214 

110,517 

Total net sales 

422,627 

324,140 

316,011 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Income from Operations 

(table only in thousands) 

Engineered Systems segment 

36,200 

25,770 

34,170 

Industrial Process Solutions segment 

22,705 

15,054 

7,220 

Corporate and Other (1) 

(36,744) 

(30,967) 

(28,044) 

Total income from operations 

22,161 

9,857 

13,346 

(1) Includes corporate compensation, professional services, information technology, and other general, administrative corporate expenses. This figure excludes earnout expenses / income, which are recorded in the segment in which the expense / income occurs. 

Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Engineered Systems segment 
 Our Engineered Systems segment net sales increased 76.3 million to 263.2 million in 2022 compared with 186.9 million in 2021, an increase of 40.8 . The increase is broad-based, led by increases of 23.0 million in our thermal acoustics technologies, 17.8 million in our emissions management technologies, 14.4 million in our dampers and expansion joint products, and 6.9 million in engineered cyclone systems. Approximately 77.3 , or 59.0 million, of the increase in net sales is attributable to organic revenue growth, while 17.3 million is attributable to current year acquisitions. 
 Operating income for the Engineered Systems segment increased 10.4 million to 36.2 million for 2022 compared with 25.8 million in 2021, an increase of 40.3 . The increase in operating income in primarily attributable to higher gross profit related to increased sales of 76.3 million. 
 Industrial Process Solutions segment 
 Our Industrial Process Solutions segment net sales increased 22.2 million to 159.4 million in 2022 compared with 137.2 million in 2021, an increase of 16.2 . The increase is primarily attributable to increases across all products serving industrial air end markets. Approximately 93.2 , or 20.7 million, of the increase in net sales is attributable to organic revenue growth, while 1.5 million is attributable to current year acquisitions. 
 30 

Operating income increased 7.6 million to 22.7 million for 2022 compared with 15.1 million in 2021. The increase is primarily attributable to higher gross profit driven by increased net sales and a 1.1 million decrease in earnout expense, partially offset by a 2.9 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 Corporate and Other segment 
 Operating expense for the Corporate and Other segment increased 5.7 million to 36.7 million for 2022 compared with 31.0 million for 2021. The increase is primarily attributable to inflationary increases in wages and services, and executive transition expenses of 1.2 million, partially offset by a 2.5 million favorable insurance settlement received in the first quarter of 2022. 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 See the Management Discussion and Analysis section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 for a discussion of business segment results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, which information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 When we undertake large jobs, our working capital objective is to make these projects self-funding. We work to achieve this by obtaining initial down payments, progress billing contracts, when possible, utilizing extended payment terms from material suppliers, and paying sub-contractors after payment from our customers, which is an industry practice. Our investment in net working capital is funded by cash flow from operations and by our revolving line of credit. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had working capital of 94.0 million, compared with 72.3 million at December 31, 2021. The ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 1.64 to 1.00 at December 31, 2022 as compared with a ratio of 1.62 to 1.00 at December 31, 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash and cash equivalents totaled 45.5 million and 29.9 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 31.7 million and 24.8 million, respectively, of our cash and cash equivalents were held by non-U.S. subsidiaries, as well as being denominated in foreign currencies. 
 Debt consisted of the following: 

December 31, 

(table only in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Outstanding borrowings under Credit Facility Term loan payable in quarterly principal installments of 550 through September 2023, 825 through September 2025 and 1,100 thereafter with balance due upon maturity in December 2026. 

Term loan 

41,309 

43,511 

Revolving Credit Loan 

61,300 

22,000 

Total outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility 

102,609 

65,511 

Outstanding borrowings under the joint venture term debt 

10,083 

Unamortized debt discount 

(1,488) 

(1,731) 

Total outstanding borrowings 

111,204 

63,780 

Less: current portion 

(3,579) 

(2,203) 

Total debt, less current portion 

107,625 

61,577 

In 2022, the Company made repayments of 2.2 million on the term loan and 0.9 million on the joint venture term debt, and net borrowings on the revolving credit line of 39.3 million . 
 Credit Facility 
 The Company's outstanding borrowings in the United States consist of a senior secured term loan and a senior secured revolver loan with sub-facilities for letters of credit, swing-line loans and multi-currency loans (collectively, the Credit Facility ). 
 Under the terms of the Credit Facility, the Company is required to maintain certain financial covenants, including the maintenance of a Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility). Through September 30, 2023, the maximum Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio is 3.75, after which time it will decrease to 3.50 until the end of the term of the Credit Facility. 
 31 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with all related financial and other restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility. 
 Joint Venture Debt 
 On March 7, 2022, the Company's Effox-Flextor-Mader, Inc. joint venture EFM JV entered into a loan agreement secured by the assets of the EFM JV in the aggregate principal amount of 11.0 million for the acquisition of General Rubber, LLC GRC ), as further described in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Foreign Debt 
 In addition, the Company has a number of bank guarantee facilities and bilateral lines of credit in various foreign countries currently supported by cash, letters of credit or pledged assets and collateral under the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility allows letters of credit and bank guarantee issuances of up to 65.0 million from the bilateral lines of credit secured by pledged assets and collateral under the Credit Facility. 
 See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company s debt facilities. 
 Total unused credit availability under our Credit Facility and other non-U.S. credit facilities and agreements, exclusive of any potential asset base limitations, is as follows: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in millions) 

Credit Facility, revolving loans 

140.0 

140.0 

Draw down 

(61.3) 

(22.0) 

Letters of credit open 

(18.9) 

(14.5) 

Total unused credit availability 

59.8 

103.5 

Amount available based on borrowing limitations 

59.8 

45.9 

Overview of Cash Flows and Liquidity 

For the year ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Total operating cash flow provided by operating activities 

29,649 

13,298 

4,421 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(48,257) 

(2,083) 

(9,235) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

38,176 

(15,556) 

3,724 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

(4,978) 

(1,475) 

1,943 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

14,590 

(5,816) 

853 

Operating Activities 
 In 2022, 29.6 million of cash was provided by operating activities compared with 13.3 million provided by operating activities in 2021, an increase of 16.3 million. Cash flow from operating activities in 2022 had a favorable impact year-over-year primarily due to increases in net earnings, partially offset by increases in net working capital. 
 In 2021, 13.2 million of cash was provided by operating activities compared with 4.4 million in 2020, an increase of 8.8 million. Cash flow from operating activities in 2021 had a favorable impact year-over-year primarily due to certain improvements in net working capital, partially offset by decreases in net earnings. 
 Investing Activities 
 In 2022, 48.3 million of cash was used in investing activities, which consisted of 44.9 for current year acquisitions and 3.4 million for acquisition of property and equipment. 
 In 2021, 2.1 million of cash was used in investing activities, which consisted of 2.6 million for acquisition of property and equipment, offset by 0.5 million of proceeds from the disposal of assets held for sale. 
 32 

Financing Activities 
 Financing activities in 2022 provided cash of 38.2 million, which consisted primarily of 39.3 million net borrowings on our revolving credit line and 11.0 million borrowings of joint venture term debt, both of which were used to finance current year acquisitions. These were partially offset by 3.1 million paydown of our term debt, 7.0 million for the repurchase and retirement of our common stock, 1.4 million in distributions to non-controlling interest, and 0.6 million in payments on our capital leases. 
 Financing activities in 2021 used cash of 15.6 million, which consisted primarily of 5.7 million net payments on our revolving credit line, 2.7 million paydown of our term debt, 5.0 million for the repurchase and retirement of our common stock, 0.8 million in deferred financing fees paid, 0.8 million in earnout payments, and 0.6 million in payments on our capital leases. 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and borrowing availability under the Credit Facility. We believe that cash flows from operating activities, together with our existing cash and borrowings available under our Credit Facility, will be sufficient for at least the next twelve months to fund our current anticipated uses of cash. After that, our ability to fund these expected uses of cash and to comply with the financial covenants under our debt agreements will depend on the results of future operations, performance and cash flow. Our ability to fund these expected uses from the results of future operations will be subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business, regulatory, legislative and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 Our material cash requirements included (i) debt repayments under with respect to our Credit Facility and joint venture term debt, (ii) interest expense, (iii) purchase obligations for costs associated with uncompleted sales contracts, (iv) operating and capital lease obligations and (v) contingent liabilities related to acquisitions, including earnout liabilities and retention payments. 
 We are party to many contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties, and such commitments require a material amount of cash. The following table summarizes the Company s material cash requirements from known contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments Due by Period 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Total 

Less than 1 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

More than 5 years 

Term Loan Debt, including joint venture debt 

51,392 

3,579 

10,093 

37,720 

Revolving Credit Loan 

61,300 

61,300 

Interest expense (estimated) 

25,438 

7,508 

14,145 

3,785 

Purchase obligations (1) 

131,225 

131,225 

Operating lease obligations 

12,861 

3,405 

5,354 

2,211 

1,891 

Capital lease obligations 

7,316 

907 

1,868 

1,944 

2,597 

Liabilities related to acquisitions (2) 

2,700 

1,200 

1,500 

Totals 

292,232 

147,824 

32,960 

106,960 

4,488 

(1) Primarily consists of purchase obligations for costs associated with uncompleted sales contracts. 

(2) Includes notes payable and expected earnout liability. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. We believe that, of our significant accounting policies, the following accounting policies involve a higher degree of judgments, estimates, and complexity. 
 Use of Estimates 
 Preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related contingent liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenues, bad debts, warranties, share based compensation, income taxes, goodwill and intangible asset valuation, and contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 33 

Revenue Recognition 
 A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from fixed-price contracts. We account for a contract after it has been approved by all parties to the arrangement, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. 
 We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. A significant amount of our revenue is recognized over a period of time as we perform under the contract because control of the work in process transfers continuously to the customer. For performance obligations to deliver products with continuous transfer of control to the customer, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. Progress is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs to complete the performance obligation. For these contracts, the cost-to-cost measure best depicts the continuous transfer of goods or services to the customer. 
 The judgments and estimates involved include management s ability to accurately estimate the contracts progress to completion at each financial reporting period. In addition, certain contracts are highly dependent on the work of contractors and other subcontractors participating in a project, over which we have no or limited control, and their performance on such project could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our contracts. Delays resulting from these contractors and subcontractors, changes in the scope of the project, weather, and labor availability also can have an effect on a contract s profitability. Changes to job performance, job conditions, and estimated profitability may result in revisions to contract revenue and costs and are recognized in the period in which the revisions are made. 
 Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period in which such losses are determined. No provision for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts was needed at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Inventories 
 The Company s inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value using the first-in, first-out inventory costing method. Inventory quantities are regularly reviewed and provisions for excess or obsolete inventory are recorded primarily based on the Company s forecast of future demand and market conditions. Significant unanticipated changes to the Company s forecasts could require a change in the provision for excess or obsolete inventory. 
 Long-lived assets 
 Property, plant and equipment and finite life intangible assets are reviewed whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate possible impairment. If events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate possible impairment, our impairment review is based on an undiscounted cash flow analysis at the lowest level at which cash flows of the long-lived assets are largely independent of other groups of our assets and liabilities. This analysis requires management judgment with respect to changes in technology, the continued success of product lines, and future volume, revenue and expense growth rates. We conduct annual reviews for idle and underutilized equipment, and review business plans for possible impairment. Impairment occurs when the carrying value of the assets exceeds the future undiscounted cash flows expected to be earned by the use of the asset or asset group. When impairment is indicated, the estimated future cash flows are then discounted to determine the estimated fair value of the asset or asset group and an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value. 
 Additionally, we also evaluate the remaining useful life each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of depreciation or amortization. If the estimate of a long-lived asset s remaining useful life is changed, the remaining carrying amount of the asset is amortized prospectively over that revised remaining useful life. 
 The Company completes an annual (or more often if circumstances require) impairment assessment of its indefinite life intangible assets. As a part of its annual assessment, typically, the Company first qualitatively assesses whether current events or changes in circumstances lead to a determination that it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that the fair value of an asset is less than its carrying amount. If there is a qualitative determination that the fair value of a particular asset is more likely than not greater than its carrying value, we do not need to proceed to the quantitative estimated fair value test for that asset. If this qualitative assessment indicates a more likely than not potential that the asset may be impaired, the estimated fair value is determined by the relief from royalty method. If the estimated fair value of an asset is less than its carrying value, an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its estimated fair value. 
 During 2022 and 2021, our annual impairment test indicated no impairment of our indefinite-lived tradenames. Accordingly, we recognized no impairment charges in our financial results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For additional information on impairment testing results, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 34 

Goodwill 
 The Company completes an annual (or more often if circumstances require) goodwill impairment assessment on October 1 on a reporting unit level, at or below the operating segment level. As a part of its annual assessment, the Company first qualitatively assesses whether current events or changes in circumstances lead to a determination that it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If there is a qualitative determination that the fair value of a particular reporting unit is more likely than not greater than its carrying value, the Company does not need to quantitatively test for goodwill impairment for that reporting unit. If this qualitative assessment indicates a more likely than not potential that the asset may be impaired, the estimated fair value is calculated using a weighting of the income method and the market method. If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment charge is recorded. 
 The Company bases its measurement of the fair value of a reporting unit using a 50/50 weighting of the income method and the market method. The income method is based on a discounted future cash flow approach that uses the significant assumptions of projected revenue, projected operational profit, terminal growth rates, and the cost of capital. Projected revenue, projected operational profit and terminal growth rates are significant assumptions because they are three primary drivers of the projected cash flows in the discounted future cash flow approach. Cost of capital is a significant assumption as it is the discount rate used to calculate the current fair value of those projected cash flows. The market method is based on financial multiples of comparable companies and applies a control premium. Significant estimates in the market approach include identifying similar companies with comparable business factors such as size, growth, profitability, risk and return on investment and assessing comparable revenue and operating income multiples in estimating the fair value of a reporting unit. Based on the analysis, the resultant estimated fair value of all of the reporting units exceeded their carrying value as of December 31, 2022. For additional information on goodwill impairment testing results, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income taxes are determined using the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . Income tax expense includes federal, state and foreign income taxes. 
 Deferred income taxes are provided using the asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases and are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. Tax credits and other incentives reduce income tax expense in the year the credits are claimed. 
 Management must assess the need to accrue or disclose uncertain tax positions for proposed potential adjustments from various federal, state and foreign tax authorities who regularly audit the Company in the normal course of business. In making these assessments, management must often analyze complex tax laws of multiple jurisdictions, including many foreign jurisdictions. The accounting guidance prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The Company records the related interest expense and penalties, if any, as tax expense in the tax provision. 
 Management must assess the realizability of the Company s deferred tax assets. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carry forward periods), projected future taxable income, and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. The amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced. 
 The Company has made an accounting policy election to record the U.S. income tax effect of future global intangible low-taxed income GILTI inclusions in the period in which they arise, rather than establishing deferred taxes with respect to the expected future tax liabilities associated with future GILTI inclusion. 
 Certain of the Company s undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries are not permanently reinvested. A liability has been recorded for the deferred taxes on such undistributed foreign earnings. The amount is attributable primarily to the foreign withholding taxes that would become payable should the Company repatriate cash held in its foreign operations. 
 35 

Other significant accounting policies 
 Other significant accounting policies, not involving the same level of uncertainties as those discussed above, are nevertheless important to an understanding of our financial statements. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, which discusses accounting policies that must be selected by us when there are acceptable alternatives. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to certain market risks, primarily changes in interest rates. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as foreign currency exchange and interest rates. For the Company, these exposures are primarily related to changes in interest rates. The amount of interest expense may increase because a substantial portion of our borrowings is at variable rates of interest, which, if interest rates increase, could result in higher interest expense. We do not currently hold any derivatives or other financial instruments purely for trading or speculative purposes. 
 The carrying value of the Company s total long-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt at December 31, 2022 was 112.7 million. Market risk was estimated as the potential decrease (increase) in future earnings and cash flows resulting from a hypothetical 10 increase (decrease) in the Company s estimated weighted average borrowing rate at December 31, 2022. Most of the interest on the Company s debt is indexed to SOFR market rates. The estimated annual impact of a hypothetical 10 change in the estimated weighted average borrowing rate at December 31, 2022 is 0.8 million. 
 The Company has wholly-owned subsidiaries in several countries, including in the Netherlands, Canada, the People s Republic of China, United Kingdom, Singapore, India, United Arab Emirates and South Korea. In the past, we have not hedged our foreign currency exposure. Future changes in exchange rates may positively or negatively impact our revenues, operating expenses and earnings. Transaction gains (losses) included in Other income (expense), net line of the Consolidated Statements of Income were 6.3 million, (3.1) million and 1.3 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 36 

Item 8. Financial Stateme nts and Supplementary Data 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements of CECO Environmental Corp. and subsidiaries for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and other data are included in this report following the signature page of this report and incorporated into this Item 8 by reference: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP, Cincinnati, Ohio, PCAOB # 
 
 F- 1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 
 F- 6 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 9 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are controls and other procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and made known to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The management of the Company does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur due to simple errors or mistakes. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions regarding the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The management of the Company is responsible for the preparation and accuracy of the financial statements and other information included in this report. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) (the Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, its internal control over financial reporting was effective based on the Framework. 
 There are inherent limitations on the effectiveness of any system of internal controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective internal controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 37 

Item 9A includes the audit report of BDO USA, LLP on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 38 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 CECO Environmental Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 Dallas, Texas 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited CECO Environmental Corp. and Subsidiaries (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria . 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, shareholders equity and accumulated other comprehensive loss, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated March 6, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

March 6, 2023 
 
 39 

Item 9B. Othe r Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 

40 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 The information called for by this Item 10 of Part III of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act within 120 days from December 31, 2022 (the Proxy Statement ). Reference is also made to the information appearing in Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Business Executive Officers of CECO. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 The information called for by this Item 11 of Part III of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information called for by this Item 12 of Part III of Form 10-K will be incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

December 31, 2022 
 
 (a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options and rights, compensation plans 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2007 Equity Incentive Plan 1 

225,000 

12.57 

2017 Equity and Incentive Plan 2 

405,469 

2021 Equity and Incentive Plan 3 

723,283 

2,063,083 

2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 4 

1,203,992 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 5 

1,262,276 

10.65 

Total 

2,616,028 

3,267,075 

(1) The 2007 Equity Incentive Plan 2007 Plan was replaced with the 2017 Equity and Incentive Plan 2017 Plan and no further grants will be made under the 2007 Plan. The 2007 Plan remains in effect solely for the continued administration of the awards currently outstanding under the 2007 Plan. 

(2) The 2017 Equity and Incentive Plan was replaced with the 2021 Equity and Incentive Plan and no further grants will be made under the 2017 Plan. The 2017 Plan remains in effect solely for the continued administration of the awards currently outstanding under the 2017 Plan. 

(3) The 2021 Equity and Incentive Plan was approved by our stockholders on May 25, 2021. We have reserved 2.6 million shares of our common stock for issuance under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 

(4) The Employee Stock Purchase Plan was approved by our stockholders on June 11, 2020. 

(5) On July 6, 2020, in connection with Mr. Gleason s appointment as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Company granted Mr. Gleason 0.1 million restricted stock units, 0.3 million in nonqualified stock options granted at market value, and approximately 0.9 million in premium-priced nonqualified stock options with an exercise price equal to two times market value. Mr. Gleason s restricted stock units and option grants were approved by the Board of Directors of the Company. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on Mr. Gleason s inducement grants. 

41 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information called for by this Item 13 of Part III of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou nting Fees and Services 
 The information called for by this Item 14 of Part III of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. 
 42 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Fin ancial Statement Schedules 
 1. Financial statements are set forth in this report following the signature page of this report. 
 2. Financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or because the required information is shown in the financial statements or in the notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibit Index. The exhibits listed below, as part of Form 10-K, are numbered in conformity with the numbering used in Item 601 of Regulation S-K and relate to SEC File No. 0-07099, unless otherwise indicated. 

Exhibit Number 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 13, 2017) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019) 

10.1 
 
 Summary term sheet governing arrangement of consulting services provided by Icarus Investment Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018) 

10.2 
 
 Summary term sheet governing arrangement of consulting services provided by JMP Fam Holdings Inc. to the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2016) 

10.4 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of January 9, 2017, by and between the Company and Matthew Eckl (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 10, 2017) 

10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of July 6, 2020, by and between CECO Environmental Corp. and Todd Gleason (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 4, 2020) 

10.6 
 
 Nonqualified Stock Option Inducement Award Agreement, by and between CECO Environmental Corp. and Todd Gleason, dated as of July 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission File No. 333-239707) filed on July 6, 2020) 

10.7 
 
 Nonqualified Premium Stock Option Inducement Award Agreement, by and between CECO Environmental Corp. and Todd Gleason, dated as of July 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission File No. 333-239707) filed on July 6, 2020) 

10.8 
 
 Restricted Stock Units Inducement Award Agreement, by and between CECO Environmental Corp. and Todd Gleason, dated as of July 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission File No. 333-239707) filed on July 6, 2020) 

10.9 
 
 Second Amended and Restated CECO Environmental Corp. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 3, 2015) 

43 

10.10 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the Second Amended and Restated CECO Environmental Corp. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the Second Amended and Restated CECO Environmental Corp. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010) 

10.12 
 
 CECO Environmental Corp. 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-218030) filed on May 16, 2017) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the CECO Environmental Corp. 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2017) 

10.14 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the CECO Environmental Corp. 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2017) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Directors under the CECO Environmental Corp. 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2017) 

10.16 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Employees under the CECO Environmental Corp. 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2017) 

10.17 
 
 CECO Environmental Corp. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 16, 2020) 

10.18 
 
 CECO Environmental Corp. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2021) 

10.19 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Directors under the CECO Environmental Corp. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021) 

10.20 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Employees under the CECO Environmental Corp. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021) 

10.21 
 
 CECO Environmental Corp. Executive Change in Control Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021) 

10.22 
 
 Separation Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2022, by and between CECO Environmental Corp. and Matthew Eckl (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 7, 2022) 

10.23 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2019, among the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, the Lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 12, 2019) 

10.24 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2019, among the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021) 

44 

10.25 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2021, among the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. 

10.26 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Employees under the CECO Environmental Corp. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 

10.27 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Directors under the CECO Environmental Corp. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

23.1 
 
 Consent of BDO USA, LLP 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (18 U.S. Section 1350) 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (18 U.S. Section 1350) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed or furnished herewith 
 Management contracts or compensation plans or arrangement 
 Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish on a supplemental basis a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 45 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. 

By: 
 /S/ P ETER J OHANSSON 

Peter Johansson 

Chief Financial and Strategy Officer 

March 6, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Principal Executive Officer: 

/S/ T ODD G LEASON 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Todd Gleason Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Principal Financial Officer: 

/S/ P ETER J OHANSSON 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Peter Johansson Chief Financial and Strategy Officer 

Principal Accounting Officer: 

/S/ P AUL G OHR 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Paul Gohr Chief Accounting Officer 

Directors: 

/S/ J ASON D EZWIREK 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Jason DeZwirek Chairman of the Board and Director 

/S/ ROBERT E. KNOWLING JR. 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Robert E. Knowling Jr. Director 

/S/ D AVID B . L INER 
 
 March 6, 2023 

David B. Liner Director 

/S/ C LAUDIO A. M ANNARINO 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Claudio A. Mannarino Director 

/S/ M UNISH N ANDA 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Munish Nanda Director 

/S/ V ALERIE G ENTILE S ACHS 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Valerie Gentile Sachs Director 

/S/ R ICHARD F. W ALLMAN 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Richard F. Wallman Director 

46 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 CECO Environmental Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 Dallas, Texas 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CECO Environmental Corp. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, shareholders equity and accumulated other comprehensive loss, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated March 6, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Over Time Revenue Recognition Using the Cost-to-Cost Input Approach 
 
 As described in Note 1 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company derives a significant portion of its revenues from fixed-price contracts within the Engineered Systems and Industrial Process Solutions segments. The revenue for such contracts is recognized over a period of time based on the ratio of contract costs incurred to date compared to total estimated costs. Under this method, the Company must continually assess the total estimated costs and progress toward completion for each contract. Changes in these estimates can have a material impact on the amount of revenue and gross profit recognized each period. 
 
 We identified the accuracy of revenue recognized over time as a critical audit matter. The determination of estimated cost and progress to completion requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions, which includes an analysis of total estimated labor, material and subcontract costs, historical experience, current performance to date and the conditions to complete each contract. This analysis requires significant management judgment, which affects the amount of revenue recognized by the Company. 
 F- 1 

Auditing these complex judgments and assumptions involves especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence available and effort required to address these matters. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Testing the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls relating to the determination of estimated costs to complete a project including the monthly review of open over time projects and review of estimated cost calculations to complete open projects. These controls include the review of the reasonableness of the assumptions used and the appropriateness of methodologies used to determine costs to complete. 

Testing the completeness, existence, and accuracy of estimated project cost calculations for a sample of contracts by validating the underlying project data and assumptions used as inputs through the inspection of relevant source documents including project plans or budgets and activity reports, invoices of costs incurred to date, results of recent similar historical projects, other third-party subcontractor support, inquiry of project managers, and confirmations. 

Performing a retrospective review on a sample basis of estimated project costs to actual project costs for completed contracts and investigating variances outside of predetermined thresholds through the inspection of relevant source documents. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2008. 
 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 
 
 March 6, 2023 
 F- 2 

CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

(dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Prepaid income taxes 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets from operating leases 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets finite life, net 

Intangible assets indefinite life 

Deferred income taxes 

Deferred charges and other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Current portion of debt 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Debt, less current portion 

Deferred income tax liability, net 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (See Note 12) 

Shareholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, issued 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Capital in excess of par value 

Accumulated loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total CECO shareholders equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of the above statements. 
 
 F- 3 

CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STAT EMENTS OF INCOME 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Selling and administrative expenses 

Amortization and earnout expenses 

Acquisition and integration expenses 

Executive transition expenses 

Restructuring expenses 

Intangible asset impairment 

Income from operations 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Net income attributable to CECO Environmental Corp. 

Income per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of the above statements. 
 
 F- 4 

CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Translation (loss) income 

() 

() 

Minimum pension liability adjustment 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of the above statements. 
 
 F- 5 

CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Capital in 

Other 

Total 

Common Stock 

excess of 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Treasury Stock 

Noncontrolling 

Shareholders' 

(in thousands) 
 
 Shares 

Amount 

par value 

Loss 

Loss 

Shares 

Amount 

Interest 

Equity 

Balance January 1, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2020 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Restricted stock units issued 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Share based compensation earned 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Adjustment for minimum pension liability, net of tax of 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Translation gain 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Noncontrolling interest acquired (See Note 14) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted stock units issued 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Share based compensation earned 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock repurchase and retirement (See Note 9) 

() 

() 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Adjustment for minimum pension liability, net of tax of 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Translation loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Noncontrolling interest distribution 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

- 

- 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Exercise of stock options 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted stock units issued 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Share based compensation earned 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stock repurchase and retirement (See Note 9) 

() 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Adjustment for minimum pension liability, net of tax of 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Translation loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Noncontrolling interest distribution 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Fair value of noncontrolling interest equity issued (See Note 14) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

- 

- 

The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of the above statements. 
 F- 6 

CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Translation loss 

Minimum pension liability adjustment 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

January 1, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

2020 activity 

() 

Balance December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

2021 activity 

() 

Balance December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

2022 activity 

(5,635) 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of the above statements. 
 F- 7 

CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Unrealized foreign currency (gain) loss 

() 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Fair value adjustments to earnout liabilities 

() 

Earnout payments 

() 

() 

Loss (gain) on sale of property and equipment 

() 

Amortization of debt discount 

Share based compensation expense 

Bad debt expense 

Inventory reserve expense 

Deferred income tax (benefit) expense 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Cost and estimated earnings of billings on uncompleted contracts 

() 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

Deferred charges and other assets 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts 

() 

Income taxes payable 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisitions of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Net proceeds from sale of assets 

Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings on revolving credit lines 

Repayments on revolving credit lines 

() 

() 

() 

Borrowings of long-term debt 

Repayments of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Repayments of notes payable 

() 

Deferred financing fees paid 

() 

() 

Payments on capital leases and sale-leaseback financing liability 

() 

() 

() 

Earnout payments 

() 

Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan and exercise of stock options 

Distributions to non-controlling interest 

(1,425) 

() 

Common stock repurchases 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

Cash paid (received) during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

() 

The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of the above statements. 
 F- 8 

CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

or less to be cash equivalents. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Restricted Cash is cash in support of letters of credit issued by various foreign subsidiaries of the Company. The Company occasionally enters into letters of credit with durations in excess of one year. 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

days from the invoice date unless otherwise determined by specific contract terms, generally due to retainage provisions. The Company s estimate of the allowance for credit losses for trade receivables is primarily determined based upon the length of time that the receivables are past due and management estimates of probable losses based upon an analysis of prior collection experience, specific account risks and economic conditions. Accounts are deemed uncollectible based on past account experience and the current financial condition of the account. 
 
 ; machinery and equipment generally two to ). Upon sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment, the applicable amounts of asset cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and the net amount, less any proceeds from sale, is recorded in income. 
 for technology, five to for customer lists, and years for tradenames. 

million in customary closing fees in 2021 that were capitalized and classified as a debt discount (see Note 8 for further details on the Credit Facility). Amortization expense was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, remaining capitalized deferred financing costs of million and million, respectively, are included as a discount to debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 months and each contract generally contains only performance obligation, to provide goods or services to the customer. The Company determines the transaction price for each contract based on the consideration the Company expect to receive for the products or services being provided under the contract. The Company recognizes revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. A significant amount of the Company's revenue is recognized over a period of time as the Company performs under the contract because control of the work in process transfers continuously to the customer. For performance obligations to deliver products with continuous transfer of control to the customer, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. Progress is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs to complete the performance obligation. For these contracts, the cost-to-cost measure best depicts the continuous transfer of goods or services to the customer. Annual revenue recognized over a period of time is approximately 70 of total revenue. For contracts where the duration is short, total contract revenue is insignificant, or control does not continuously transfer to the customer, revenues are recognized at the point in time control passes to the customer, which occurs generally upon shipment of product. Annual revenue recognized at a point in time is approximately 30 of total revenue. Progress payments are generally made over the duration of the contract. Shipping and handling activities after control of the products has transferred to the customer are considered fulfillment activities. Sales taxes are recorded on a net basis. Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities Contract assets consist of costs and earnings in excess of billings, costs incurred for contracts recognized at a point in time, and retainage. Costs and earnings in excess of billings represent the estimated value of unbilled work for contracts with performance obligations recognized over time and are separately classified as current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Costs incurred for contracts recognized at a point in time are classified within inventories as work-in-process. Retainage represents a portion of the contract billings that have been billed, but for which the contract allows the customer to retain a portion of the billed amount until final settlement. Retainage is not considered to be a significant financing component because the intent is to protect the customer. Retainage is classified within accounts receivable and deferred charges and other assets depending on when it is due. Almost all of the Company s contract assets are classified as current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts are current liabilities, which relate to fixed-price contracts recognized over time, and represents payments in advance of performing the related contract work. Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts is not considered to be a significant financing component because it is generally used to meet working capital demands that can be higher in the early stages of a contract. Contract liabilities, classified in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, include advance payments received from customers for which revenue has not been recognized for contracts where revenue is recognized at a point in time. Contract liabilities are reduced when the associated revenue from the contract is recognized, which is generally within one year. The revenue streams within the Company are consistent with those disclosed for the Company's reportable segments. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on product offerings and segments. Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period in which such losses are determined. Changes to job performance, job conditions, and estimated profitability may result in revisions to contract revenue and costs and are recognized in the period in which the revisions are made. There was provision for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts at December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 Should it become probable that the claim will not result in additional contract revenue, the Company removes the related contract revenues from its previous estimate of total revenues, which effectively reduces the estimated profit margin on the job and negatively impacts profit for the period. 

assessment. The amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced. The Company has made an accounting policy election to record the U.S. income tax effect of future global intangible low-taxed income GILTI inclusions in the period in which they arise, rather than establishing deferred taxes with respect to the expected future tax liabilities associated with future GILTI inclusion. Certain of the Company s undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries are not permanently reinvested. A liability has been recorded for the deferred taxes on such undistributed foreign earnings. The amount is attributable primarily to the foreign withholding taxes that would become payable should the Company repatriate cash held in its foreign operations. 

Denominator 

Basic weighted-average shares outstanding 

Common stock equivalents arising from stock options and restricted stock awards 

Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 

Options and unvested restricted stock units are included in the computation of diluted earnings per share using the treasury stock method. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, outstanding options and unvested restricted stock units of million, million and million, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share due to their having an anti-dilutive effect. Once a restricted stock award vests, it is included in the computation of weighted average shares outstanding for purposes of basic and diluted earnings per share. 
 mi llion, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 A 

F- 13 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value was determined considering market conditions, credit worthiness and the current terms of debt, which is considered Level 2 on the fair value hierarchy. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, was held outside of the United States, principally in the Netherlands, United Kingdom, China, and Canada. Concentrations of credit risk Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, and accounts receivable. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents with various major financial institutions. The Company perform periodic evaluations of the financial institutions in which its cash is invested. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade and contract receivables are limited due to the large number of customers and various geographic areas. Additionally, the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers financial condition. 

Trade receivables 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Total accounts receivable 

Balances billed, but not paid by customers under retainage provisions in contracts, amounted to approxima tely milli on and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Retainage receivables on contracts in progress are generally collected within a year or two subsequent to contract completion, and are recorded in either accounts receivable, net or deferred charges and other assets within the Consolidated Balance Sheets depending on timing of expected collection. Provision for credit losses was million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, while accounts charged to the allowance w ere mill ion, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Obsolescence allowance 

() 

() 

Total inventories 

million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Items charged to the allowance for inventory write-offs were zero, million and million, during 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 F- 14 

Machinery and equipment 

Property, plant and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

() 

Balance of goodwill at December 31, 2021 

Acquisitions 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

() 

Balance of goodwill at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has an aggregate amount of goodwill acquir ed of million and million, respectively, and an aggregate amount of impairment losses of million which was recognized in 2017. 

Transfer to finite life classification 

() 

Foreign currency adjustments 

() 

() 

Balance end of year 

During 2021 , the Company reassessed the useful lives of certain tradenames and determined that million of tradenames would have useful lives of versus indefinite. The Company completes an annual (or more often if circumstances require) impairment assessment of its goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets on October 1 at the reporting unit level. The Company bases its measurement of the fair value of a reporting unit using a 50/50 weighting of the income method and the market method. The income method is based on a discounted future cash flow approach that uses the significant assumptions of projected revenue, projected operational profit, terminal growth rates, and the cost of capital. Projected revenue and operational profit, and terminal growth rates were determined to be significant assumptions because they are three primary drivers of the projected cash flows in the discounted future cash flow approach. Cost of capital was also determined to be a significant assumption as it is the discount rate used to calculate the current fair value of those projected cash flows. The market method is based on financial multiples of comparable companies and applies a control premium. Significant estimates in the market approach include identifying similar companies with comparable business factors such as size, growth, profitability, risk and return on investment and assessing comparable revenue and operating income multiples in estimating the fair value of a reporting unit. Based on this analysis, the estimated fair value of all of the Company's reporting units exceeded their carrying value as of October 1, 2022 . There was goodwill impairment in 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company also performed an impairment analysis for all indefinite life intangible assets, which consists of tradenames, as of October 1, 2022. The Company based its measurement of the fair value of the indefinite life intangible assets utilizing the relief from royalty method. The significant assumptions used under the relief from royalty method are projected revenue, royalty rates, terminal growth rates, and the cost of capital. Projected revenue, royalty rates and terminal growth rates were determined to be significant assumptions because they are three primary drivers of the projected royalty cash flows in the relief from royalty method. Cost of capital was also determined to be a significant assumption as it is the discount rate used to calculate the current fair value of those projected royalty cash flows. Changes in any of the significant assumptions used can materially affect the expected cash flows, and such impacts can result in material non-cash impairment charges. Under this approach, the estimated fair value of the indefinite life intangible assets exceeded their carrying value for segments as of the testing date. Accordingly, the Company recognized no impairment charges in its financial results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . In 2020, the Company recognized impairment charges of million. As described above, the fair value measurement methods used in the Company s goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets impairment analyses utilizes a number of significant unobservable inputs or Level 3 assumptions. These assumptions include, among others, projections of the Company's future operating results, the implied fair value of these assets using an income approach by preparing a discounted cash flow analysis and other subjective assumptions. The Company s finite lived intangible assets consisted of the following: 

Customer lists 

Tradenames 

Foreign currency adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total finite life intangible assets 

Amortization expense of finite life intangible assets was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization over the next five years for finite l ife intangibles is million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, and million in 2027. 

Compensation and related benefits 

Accrued warranty 

Contract liability 

Short-term operating lease liability 

Other 

Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Fair value of earnout at acquisition date 

Fair value adjustment 

() 

Payments and other 

() 

() 

Earnout accrued at end of year 

As additional consideration in the acquisition of Compass Water Solutions, Inc. Compass ), the former owners of Compass are entitled to earn-out payments based upon specified financial results through April 30, 2023. Based on projections at the acquisition date of May 3, 2022, the Company estimated the fair value of the earnout to be million. During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company decreased the earnout by million based on the estimated fair value at December 31, 2022. The fair value adjustment is recorded in Amortization and earnout expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Income. As additional consideration in the acquisition of Environmental Integrated Solution EIS ), the former owners were entitled to earnout payments based upon a multiple of specified financial results through December 31, 2021. During 2021, the Company increased the earnout by million based on the estimated fair value at December 31, 2021. The fair value adjustment is recorded in Amortization and earnout expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The change in fair value was a result of EIS performing above initial acquisition operational expectations. Earnout payments of million and million were paid during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 principal installments of through September 2023, through September 2025 and thereafter with balance due upon maturity in December 2026. 

Term loan 

Revolving Credit Loan 

Total outstanding borrowings under Credit Facility 

Outstanding borrowings under the joint venture term debt 

Unamortized debt discount 

() 

() 

Total outstanding borrowings 

Less: current portion 

() 

() 

Total debt, less current portion 

Scheduled principal payments under the Credit Facility and joint venture term debt are million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025 , million in 2026, and milli on in 2027. Credit Facility On December 17, 2021, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility amended and restated the Company s prior credit agreement. Pursuant to the Credit Facility, the lenders provided a term loan in the aggregate principal amount of million and a senior secured revolving credit commitment up to an aggregate principal amount of million. This revolving credit commitment allows the Company the ability to borrow loans denominated in different currencies. Additionally, the Credit Facility extended the maturity date to , replaces LIBOR interest with Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR interest for USD loans, Sterling Overnight Interbank Average Rate SONIA for GBP loans, and Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR for CAD loans, and redefined certain financial covenants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , million and million of letters of credit were outstanding, respectively. Total unused credit availability under the Company s senior secured term loan and senior secured revolver loan with sub-facilities for letters of credit, swing-line loans and senior secured multi -currency loans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Revolving loans may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until December 17, 2026, at which time all outstanding balances of the Credit Facility must be repaid. At the Company s option, revolving loans and the term loans accrue interest at a per annum rate based on (a) either the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus , or (ii) the Agent s prime lending rate, (b) Daily Simple SOFR plus the Daily Simple SOFR Adjustment of plus 1.0 , (c) 1.0 , plus a margin ranging from to depending on the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio, or (d) a one/three/six-month Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus the Term SOFR Adjustment ranging from to plus to depending on the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio. Interest on swing line loans is the Base Rate. Interest on Base Rate loans is payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each calendar quarter and at maturity. Interest on Term SOFR rate loans is payable on the last date of each applicable Interest Period (as defined in the agreement), but in no event less than once every three months and at maturity. The weighted average stated interest rate on outstanding borrowings was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Under the terms of the Credit Facility, the Company is required to maintain certain financial covenants, including the maintenance of a Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility). Through September 30, 2023, the maximum Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio is , after which time it will decrease to until the end of the term of the Credit Facility. The Company has granted a security interest in substantially all of its assets to secure its obligations pursuant to the Credit Facility. The Company s obligations under the Credit Facility are guaranteed by the Company s U.S. subsidiaries and such guaranty obligations are secured by a security interest on substantially all the assets of such subsidiaries, including certain real property. The Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement may also be guaranteed by the Company s material foreign subsidiaries to the extent no adverse tax consequences would result to the Company. In connection with the Credit Facility, the Company paid million in customary closing fees during 2021 that were deferred and classified as a debt discount, as a result of the Credit Facility being accounted for as a debt modification. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with all related financial and other restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility. Joint Venture Debt On March 7, 2022, the Company's Effox-Flextor-Mader, Inc. joint venture EFM JV entered into a loan agreement secured by the assets of the EFM JV in the aggregate principal amount of million for the acquisition of General Rubber, LLC GRC ), as further described in Note 14. As of December 31, 2022, million was outstanding under the loan. Principal will be paid back to the lender monthly with the final installment due by February 27, 2027. Interest is accrued at the per annum rate based on EFM JV's choice of the 1/3/6 month Term SOFR rate plus 3.25 , with a floor rate of 3.75 . Interest is paid monthly on the last day of each month. The interest rate at December 31, 2022 was . As of December 31, 2022, the EFM JV was in compliance with all related financial and other restrictive covenants under this loan agreement. This loan balance does not impact the Company s borrowing capacity or the financial covenants under the Credit Facility. Foreign Debt 

 million from the bilateral lines of credit secured by pledged assets and collateral under the Credit Facility. As of Decembe r 31, 2022 , million in bank guarantees were outstanding. In addition, a subsidiary of the Company located in the Netherlands has a Euro-denominated bank guarantee agreement secured by local assets under which million in bank guarantees were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the borrowers of these facilities and agreements were in compliance with all related financial and other restrictive covenants. 
 further grants will be made under the 2017 Plan, but outstanding awards under the 2017 Plan will continue to be unaffected in accordance with their terms. The 2021 Plan permits the granting of stock options with an exercise price equal to or greater than the fair market value of the Company s common stock at the date of the grant, and other stock-based awards, including appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares and dividend equivalents. A total of million shares of common stock were authorized for issuance. As of December 31, 2022, million shares remain available for future issuance. Stock options granted to employees generally vest equally over a period of from the date of the grant. Stock awards granted to employees generally vest over a period of three to from the date of the grant. On July 6, 2020, in connection with the appointment of the Chief Executive Officer, the Company granted its Chief Executive Officer approximately restricted stock units with a fair value of million, which are being expensed over the vesting period of . The Company also granted its Chief Executive Officer approximately million stock options with a fair value of million that are being expensed over the vesting period of . T hese grants of restricted stock units and stock options 2020 Inducement Awards were approved by the Board of Directors of the Company and are not included in any of the aforementioned Plans. Share-based compensation expense for stock options and restricted stock awards under these plans was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The tax benefit related to share based compensation expense w as m illion, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Employee Stock Purchase Plan The 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP was approved by shareholders on June 11, 2020. The ESPP is administered by the Compensation Committee. The ESPP allows employees to purchase shares of common stock at a discount from market price and pay for the shares through payroll deductions. Eligible employees can enter the plan at specific offering dates that occur in intervals. The aggregate maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be granted under the ESPP is million shares over the term of the ESPP, subject to adjustment in the event there is a reorganization, merger, consolidation, recapitalization, reclassification, stock split-up, or similar transaction with respect to the common stock. As of December 31, 2022, million shares remain available for future issuance. The Company recognized employee stock purchase plan expense of , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Stock Options The estimated weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during 2020, was per opti on, using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following assumptions: Expected Volatility : The Company utilizes a volatility factor based on the Company s historical stock prices for a period of time equal to the expected term of the stock option utilizing weekly price observations. For 2020, the Company utilized weighted-average volatility factors of . Expected Term : Due to limited historical exercise data, the Company utilizes the simplified method of determining the expected term based on the vesting schedules and terms of the stock options. For 2020, the Company utilized weighted-average expected term factors of years. Risk-Free Interest Rate : The risk-free interest rate factor utilized is based upon the implied yields currently available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues over the expected term of the stock options. For 2020, the Company utilized a weighted-average risk-free interest rate factor of . 

years 

Forfeitures 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

years 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

years 

(Shares in thousands) 
 
 Shares 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term 
 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 000) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

years 

Forfeitures 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

years 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

years 

(Shares in thousands) 
 
 Shares 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term 
 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 000) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2019 

years 

Forfeitures 

() 

Granted 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

years 

Exercisable at December 31, 2020 

years 

Restricted Stock Awards 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

The Company received million, and of cash from employees exercising options in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. The Company received approximately from a non-employee director exercising options during 2021. The intrinsic value of options exercised during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, and , respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested shares of stock options, restricted stock and performance units was million at December 31, 2022 and will be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of years. Common Stock Repurchase On May 10, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program under which the Company may purchase up to million of its outstanding shares of common stock through April 30, 2025. The authorization permits the Company to repurchase shares in the open market, through accelerated share repurchases, block trades, Rule 10b5-1 trading plans or through privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Through December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased and retired approximately shares of common stock at a cost of million under the program. On August 3, 2021, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program under which CECO may purchase up to million of its outstanding shares of Company stock. The authorization permitted the Company to repurchase shares in the open market, through accelerated share repurchases, block trades, 10b5-1 plans or through privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. The Company completed its purchases authorized under the plan in October 2021, repurchasing approximately shares of common stock at a cost of million under the program. All treasury shares were retired following the repurchase. Dividends The Company's dividend policy and the payment of cash dividends under that policy are subject to the Board of Director s continuing determination that the dividend policy and the declaration of dividends are in the best interest of the Company s stockholders. Future dividends and the dividend policy may be changed at the Company s discretion at any time. Payment of dividends is also subject to the continuing compliance with financial covenants under the Credit Facility. The Company has not paid a cash dividend on its common stock in any of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020 and currently intends to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the operations, growth and development of its business in the foreseeable future. 

 10. P 

Interest cost 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

Employer contribution 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded status at end of year 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations for the year ended December 31: 

Discount rate 

The funded status as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was m illion, million and million, respectively and is recognized in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets within other long-term liabilities. 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of net loss 

Net periodic benefit income 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of net actuarial loss 

() 

() 

() 

Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Expected return on assets 

The basis of the long-term rate of return assumption reflects the current asset mix for the pension plan of approximately to debt securities and to equity securities with assumed average annual returns of approximately to for debt securities and to for equity securities. The investment portfolio for the pension plan will be adjusted periodically to maintain the current ratios of debt securities and equity securities. Additional consideration is given to the historical returns for the pension plan as well as future long range projections of investment returns for each asset category. The long-term rate of return also considers administrative expenses of the plan. Benefits under the plan is not based on wages and, therefore, future wage adjustments have no effect on the projected benefit obligation. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company updated the mortality tables (RP-2021 Total Mortality Table, RP-2020 Total Mortality Table, and RP-2019 Total Mortality Table for each respective year) in the underlying assumptions used to determine the benefit obligation. Pension plan assets are invested in trusts comprised primarily of investments in various debt and equity funds. A fiduciary committee establishes the target asset mix and monitors asset performance. The expected rate of return on assets includes the determination of a real rate of return for equity and fixed income investment applied to the portfolio based on their relative weighting, increased by an underlying inflation rate. The Company's 

Equity securities 

Debt securities 

Total 

Estimated pension plan cash obligations are million, million, million, million, and million for 2023 through 2027, respectively, and a total of million for the years 2028 through 2032. Fair Value Measurements of Pension Plan Assets Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for pension assets measured at fair value: Cash and cash equivalents : Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash on deposit in money market funds. Cash and cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. Equity securities : Equity securities consist of various managed funds that invest primarily in common stocks. These securities are valued at the net asset value of shares held by the plan at year end. The net asset value is calculated based on the underlying shares and investments held by the funds. Debt securities : Debt securities consist of U.S. government and agency securities, corporate bonds and notes, and managed funds that invest in fixed income securities. U.S governmental and agency securities are valued at closing prices reported in the active market in which the individual securities are traded. Corporate bonds and notes are valued using market inputs including benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers and reference data including market research publications. Inputs may be prioritized differently at certain times based on market conditions. Managed funds are valued at the net asset value of shares held by the plan at year end. The net asset value is calculated based on the underlying investments held by the fund. The preceding methods described may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, although the Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the valuation of the fair value of assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. 

Equity securities 

Debt securities 

Total assets 

The levels assigned to the defined benefit plan assets as of December 31, 2021, are summarized in the tables below: 

(table only in thousands) 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Pension assets, at fair value: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Equity securities 

Debt securities 

Total assets 

The Company contributes to a number of multiemployer defined benefit pension plans under the terms of collective-bargaining agreements that cover its union-represented employees. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: Assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. 

 If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. 

 If the Company chooses to stop participating in some of its multiemployer plans, CECO may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. 

 /001 

FIF: Yes - RP: Yes - 

Sheet Metal Workers Local 224 Pension Plan 
 
 /001 

FIF: Yes - Implemented 

n/a 

Sheet Metal Workers Local No. 177 Pension Fund 
 
 /001 

Is not subject 

Kirk and Blum was listed in the Sheet Metal Workers Local No. 177 Pension Fund s Form 5500 as providing more than five percent of total contributions for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company was not listed in any of the other plans Forms 5500 as providing more than five percent of the total contributions for the plans and plan years. At the date the financial statements were issued, Forms 5500 were not available for the plan years ended December 31, 2022. The Company has no current intention of withdrawing from any plan and, therefore, liability has been provided in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Amounts charged to pension expense under the above plans including the mult i-employer plans totaled million, m illion and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company has a 401(k) savings retirement plan for employees of certain of its subsidiaries. The plan allows the Company to make discretionary contributions and provides for employee salary deferrals of up to . The Company made aggregate matching contributions and discretionary contributions of million, million, and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

Finance lease cost: 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Interest on lease liability 

Total finance lease cost 

Total lease cost 

(a) includes variable lease costs which are immaterial 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

Operating leases 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Finance leases 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Other liabilities 

Total finance lease liabilities 

years 

Finance leases 
 
 years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 

() 

Lease liability 

million which together with all legal fees other than corporate counsel expenses have substantially been paid by the Company s insurers. The average cost per settled claim, excluding legal fees, was approximately . Based upon the most recent information available to the Company regarding such claims, there were a total of 247 cases pending against the Company as of December 31, 2022 (with Illinois, New York, Pennsylvania and West Virginia having the largest number of cases), as compared with cases that were pending as of December 31, 2021. During 2022, 139 new cases were filed against the Company, and the Company was dismissed from 84 cases and settled 31 cases. Most of the pending cases have not advanced beyond the early stages of discovery, although a number of cases are on schedules leading to or are scheduled for trial. The Company believes that its insurance coverage is adequate for the cases currently pending against the Company and for the foreseeable future, assuming a continuation of the current volume, nature of cases and settlement amounts. However, the Company has no control over the number and nature of cases that are filed against it, nor as to the financial health of its insurers or their position as to coverage. The Company also presently believes that none of the pending cases will have a material adverse impact upon the Company s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. Other The Company is also a party to routine contract and employment-related litigation matters and routine audits of state and local tax returns arising in the ordinary course of its business. The final outcome and impact of open matters, and related claims and investigations that may be brought in the future, are subject to many variables, and cannot be predicted. In accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies, and related guidance, the Company records reserves for estimated losses relating to claims and lawsuits when available information indicates that a loss is probable and the amount of the loss, or range of loss, can be reasonably estimated. The Company expenses legal costs as they are incurred. The Company is 

Foreign 

Certain of the Company s undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries are not permanently reinvested, as management intends to repatriate foreign-held cash as needed to meet domestic cash needs for operating, investing, and financing activities. A liability o f million has been recorded for the deferred taxes on such undistributed foreign earnings as of December 31, 2022. The deferred taxes are attributable primarily to the foreign withholding taxes that would become payable should the Company repatriate cash held in its foreign operations. 

() 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

The income tax expense (benefit) differs from the statutory rate due to the following: 

(table only in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Tax expense at statutory rate 

Increase (decrease) in tax resulting from: 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Change in uncertain tax position reserves 

() 

Other permanent differences 

Impact of rate differences and adjustments 

United States tax credits and incentives 

() 

Foreign tax credits and incentives 

() 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign withholding taxes on repatriation of foreign earnings 

Earnout expense (income) 

() 

Investment in joint venture 

() 

Net effect GILTI and FDII 

Other 

Reserves on assets 

Share-based compensation awards 

Minimum pension 

Net operating loss carry-forwards 

Tax credit carry-forwards 

Investment in joint venture 

Leases 

Research and development costs 

Other 

Valuation allowances 

() 

() 

Gross deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 

() 

() 

Goodwill and intangibles 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and inventory 

() 

() 

Withholding tax on unremitted foreign earnings 

() 

() 

Leases 

() 

() 

Revenue recognition 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2022, state and local net operating loss carry forwards t otal million, which expire from to . The Company has recorded a valuation allowance on certain of these net operating loss carry forwards to reflect expected realization. The Company also has net operating loss carry forwards in foreign jurisdictions totaling million. A valuation allowance of million has been established against these losses in foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company has recorded a valuation reserve in the amount of million and million, respectively. The changes in the valuation allowance resulted in additional income tax expense (benefit) of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carry forward periods), projected future taxable income, and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on this assessment, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences, net of the existing valuation allowances at December 31, 2022. The amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced. The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 740. The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. 

Additions for tax positions taken in prior years 

Reductions of tax positions taken in prior years 

Reductions for settlements on tax positions of prior years 

Balance as of December 31, 

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The reserve for uncertain tax positions include s milli on of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The favorable settlement of all uncertain tax positions would impact the Company s effective income tax rate. Tax years going back to 2017 remain open for all significant state and foreign authorities. 

 of the equity interests of General Rubber LLC GRC for million in cash, which was financed with a combination of a draw on the Company's revolving credit facility and issuance of term debt by the EFM JV. As additional consideration, the former owners of GRC were issued of the equity interest in the EFM JV, resulting in the Company holding of the equity in the joint venture. The fair value ascribed to the equity interest of the former owners of GRC was approximately million. As of December 31, 2022, there were million in current assets, million in long-lived assets, and million in total liabilities related to the EFM JV included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, EFM JV accounted for million in revenue. GRC engineers and manufactures non-metallic expansion joints and flow control products including rubber expansion joints, ducting expansion joints, and industrial pinch and duck bill valves, serving the industrial water and wastewater markets. The acquisition diversifies and expands the EFM JV product offerings within the Engineered Systems segment. 

Property and equipment 

Goodwill 

Intangible - finite life 

Total assets acquired 

Current liabilities assumed 

() 

Deferred income tax liability 

() 

Net assets acquired 

The Company acquired customer lists and tradename intangible assets valued at million and million, respectively. These assets were determined to have useful lives of years. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, GRC accounted for million in revenue and million of net income included in the Company s results. Compass Water Solutions, Inc. On May 3, 2022, the Company acquired of the equity interests of Compass Water Solutions, Inc. Compass for million in cash, which was financed with a draw on the Company s revolving credit facility, and million in notes payable to the former owners over two years. As additional consideration, the former owners are entitled to earn-out payments based upon a multiple of specified financial results through April 30, 2023. Based on projections at the acquisition date, the Company estimated the fair value of the earn-out to be million. As of December 31, 2022, the earnout liability recorded in Accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets is million. Compass is a leading global supplier of membrane-based industrial water and wastewater treatment systems that help customers achieve regulatory compliance of water discharge at the lowest lifecycle cost. The acquisition diversifies and expands the Company's industrial water product offerings within the Engineered Systems segment. 

Property and equipment 

Goodwill 

Intangible - finite life 

Total assets acquired 

Current liabilities assumed 

() 

Deferred income tax liability 

() 

Net assets acquired 

The Company acquired customer lists and tradename intangible assets valued at million and million, respectively. These assets were determined to have useful lives of years. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Compass accounted for million in revenue and million of net loss included in the Company s results. Western Air Ducts Ltd. On June 22, 2022, the Company acquired of the equity interests of Western Air Ducts Limited for million in cash, which was financed with a draw on the Company s revolving credit facility, and deferred cash consideration of million payable in one year. The deferred consideration is recorded in Accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Western Air Ducts is a leading European supplier of dust and fume extraction solutions, providing consultation, design, manufacturing, installation, and service. The acquisition diversifies and expands the Company's industrial air product offerings within the Industrial Process Solutions segment. 

Property and equipment 

Goodwill 

Intangible - finite life 

Total assets acquired 

Current liabilities assumed 

() 

Deferred income tax liability 

() 

Net assets acquired 

The Company acquired customer lists and tradename intangible assets valued at million and million, respectively. These assets were determined to have useful lives of years. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Western Air Ducts accounted fo r million in revenue and million of net loss included in the Company's results. DS21 Co., Ltd. On September 19, 2022, the Company acquired of the equity interests of DS21 Co., Ltd. DS21 for million, including million in cash, which was financed with a draw on the Company s revolving credit facility, and deferred cash consideration of million payable in one year. DS21 is a South Korean-based design and manufacturing firm specializing in innovative water and wastewater treatment solutions. The addition of DS21 advances the Company's leadership position in niche oily water and produced water treatment, demineralization water treatment and ultra-pure water supply applications within the Company's Engineered Systems segment. 

Property and equipment 

Intangible - finite life 

Deferred income taxes 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Current liabilities assumed 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Net assets acquired 

The Company acquired customer lists and tradename intangible assets valued at million and million, respectively. These assets were determined to have useful lives of years. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, DS21 accounted fo r million in revenue and million of net loss included in the Company's results. Environmental Integrated Solutions On June 4, 2020, the Company acquired of the equity interests of Environmental Integrated Solutions EIS for million in cash, which was financed through the revolving credit facility. As additional consideration, the former owners were entitled to earn-out payments based upon a multiple of specified financial results through December 31, 2021, which was estimated to be million at the acquisition date. See Note 7 for additional information on the earnout. EIS engineers products that clean air through a variety of technologies including volatile organic compounds VOC abatement, odor control, regenerative thermal oxidizers, and other air pollution control solutions, which complements the Industrial Process Solutions segment businesses. 

Property and equipment 

Other assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible - finite life 

Total assets acquired 

Current liabilities assumed 

() 

Deferred income tax liability 

() 

Net assets acquired 

The Company acquired customer lists and tradename intangible assets valued at million and million, respectively. These assets were determined to have useful lives of years. Mader On July 31, 2020, the Company entered into the JV Agreement with Mader in which CECO contributed the net assets of its Effox-Flextor damper business and Mader contributed the net assets of its damper business. Under the terms of the JV Agreement, CECO will hold of the equity in the joint venture, and voting interest. The Company determined CECO was the primary beneficiary of this variable interest entity and therefore the noncontrolling equity interest is in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The results of the EFM JV are included in the Engineered Systems segment. million. 

Property and equipment 

Goodwill 

Deferred income tax asset 

Total assets assumed 

Current liabilities assumed 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

Long term debt 

() 

Net assets acquired 

The approximate fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to the acquisitions occurring in 2022 are based on preliminary estimates and assumptions. These preliminary estimates and assumptions could change significantly during the purchase price measurement period as the Company finalizes the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. These changes could result in material variances between the Company's future financial results, including variances in the estimated purchase price, fair values recorded and expenses associated with these items. Goodwill recognized represents value the Company expects to be created by combining the various operations of the acquired businesses with the Company s operations, including the expansion into markets within existing business segments, access to new customers and potential cost savings and synergies. Goodwill related to these acquisitions is not deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition and integration expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income are related to acquisition activities, which include retention, legal, accounting, banking, and other expenses. 

Net income attributable to CECO Environmental Corp. 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The pro forma results have been prepared for informational purposes only and include adjustments to amortize acquired intangible assets with finite life, reflect additional interest expense on debt used to fund the acquisition, and to record the income tax consequences of the pro forma adjustments. These pro forma results do not purport to be indicative of the results of operations that would have occurred had the purchase been made as of the beginning of the periods presented or of the results of operations that may occur in the future. 

 reportable segments. The results of the segments are reviewed through to the Income from operations line on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those in the consolidated financial statements. The Company s reportable segments are organized as groups of similar products and services, as described as follows: Engineered Systems segment: The Company's Engineered Systems segment serves the power generation, hydrocarbon processing, water/wastewater treatment, oily water separation and treatment, marine and naval vessels, and midstream oil gas sectors. The Company is a key part of helping meet the global demand for environmental and equipment protection solutions with its highly engineered platforms including emissions control, fluid bed cyclones, thermal acoustics, separation filtration, and dampers expansion joints. 

 Industrial Process Solutions segment: The Company's Industrial Process Solutions segment serves the broad industrial sector with solutions for air pollution and contamination control, fluid handling, and process filtration in applications such as aluminum beverage can production, automobile production, food and beverage processing, semiconductor fabrication, electronics production, steel and aluminum mill processing, wood manufacturing, desalination, and aquaculture markets. For Industrial Air applications, the Company assists companies maintain clean and safe operations for employees, reduce energy consumption, minimize waste for customers, and ensure they meet regulatory standards for toxic emissions, fumes, volatile organic compounds, and odor elimination through the Company's platforms including duct fabrication installation, industrial air, and fluid handling. 

Industrial Process Solutions segment 

Total net sales 

Industrial Process Solutions segment 

Corporate and Other (1) 

() 

() 

() 

Income from operations 

(1) 

Industrial Process Solutions segment 

Corporate and Other 

Property and equipment additions 

(table only in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Engineered Systems segment 

Industrial Process Solutions segment 

Corporate and Other 

Depreciation and amortization 

December 31, 

(table only in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Identifiable Assets 

Engineered Systems segment 

Industrial Process Solutions segment 

Corporate and Other (2) 

Identifiable assets 

(2) 

Industrial Process Solutions segment 

Goodwill 

Intra-segment and Inter-segment Revenues 

() 

() 

Industrial Process Solutions segment 

() 

() 

Total net sales 

() 

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Less Inter-Segment Sales 

(table only in thousands) 
 
 Total Sales 

Intra-Segment Sales 

Industrial Process Solutions 

Engineered Systems 

Net Sales to Outside Customers 

Net Sales 

Engineered Systems segment 

() 

() 

Industrial Process Solutions segment 

() 

() 

Total net sales 

() 

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Less Inter-Segment Sales 

(table only in thousands) 
 
 Total Sales 

Intra-Segment Sales 

Industrial Process Solutions 

Engineered Systems 

Net Sales to Outside Customers 

Net Sales 

Engineered Systems segment 

() 

() 

Industrial Process Solutions segment 

() 

() 

Total net sales 

() 

() 

() 

No single customer represented greater than of consolidated net sales or accounts receivable for 2022, 2021, or 2020. For 2022, 2021, and 2020 , sales outside the United States accounted for approximately , , and , respectively, of consolidated net sales. The largest portions of sales outside the Unite d States in 2022 were in Europe ), and Asia ). Of consolidated long-lived assets, million and million were located outside of the United States as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The largest portion of long-lived assets located outside the United States at December 31, 2022 were in Europe million). 

 industries. This acquisition advances the Company's leadership position within the industrial silencing and noise attenuation market by adding a range of solutions and access to new geographic markets and industrial segments. The purchase price is approximately million and was financed using a combination of cash and debt under the Company's existing Credit Facility, as well as a potential earnout payment to the sellers. The impact for this acquisition is not included in the Company's results for the year ended December 31, 2022. The initial accounting for the acquisition was not complete at the time the financial statements were issued due to the timing of the acquisition and the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As a result, complete disclosures required under ASC 805, Business Combinations cannot be made at this time. 

 F- 34 

<EX-10>
 2
 ceco-ex10_25.htm
 EX-10.25

EX-10 

EX-10.25 
 EXECUTION VERSION 
 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED	CREDIT 
 AGREEMENT dated and effective as of December 17, 2021 (this Amendment ), is among CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., in its capacity as the administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), each of the Subsidiary Guarantors party hereto and each of the Lenders (as defined below) party hereto. 
 
 Recitals: 
 
 A. The Company, the lenders party thereto (the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 11, 2019 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of October 30, 2020, prior to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement (as defined below). 

B. The Subsidiary Guarantors and the Administrative Agent have entered into an Amended and Restated Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement dated as of June 11, 2019 (the Subsidiary Guaranty ). 

C. The Company has advised the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that it desires to amend the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth herein. 

D. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto have agreed to so amend the Existing Credit Agreement. 

In furtherance of the foregoing, the parties agree as follows: 
 
 1. Amendments to Existing Credit Agreement . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in reliance upon the representations and warranties set forth herein: 

(a) The Existing Credit Agreement (other than the Exhibits and Schedules attached thereto) is hereby amended in its entirety to read in the form of Annex A attached hereto (as so amended, the Credit Agreement ). 

(b) A new Schedule 2.01LC (L/C Commitments) is hereby added to the Credit Agreement to read in the form thereof included as Annex B attached hereto. 

(c) Each of Schedules 2.07(a) (Term Loan Facility Amortization Schedule) and 10.02 (Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices) attached to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read in the form thereof included as part of Annex C attachedhereto. 

(d) Each of Exhibits A (Form of Loan Notice), D (Form of Compliance Certificate) and J (Form of Notice of Loan Prepayment) attached to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read in the form thereof included as part of Annex D attachedhereto. 

(e) Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that immediately upon the effectiveness of this Amendment all outstanding Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars and Term Loans shall be converted to Daily Simple SOFR Loans, with this Section 1(e) satisfying any 

EX-10.25 
 requirement for the delivery of a Loan Notice as contemplated by Section 2.02 of the Credit Agreement. As of the effective date of this Amendment, there are no outstanding Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies. 
 
 The amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement and the above referenced Schedules and Exhibits to the Existing Credit Agreement are limited to the extent specifically set forth above and no other terms, covenants or provisions of the Loan Documents are intended to be effected hereby. 
 
 Section 2. Conditions Precedent . The effectiveness of this Amendment and the amendments contemplated hereby is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
 
 (a) Documentation . The Administrative Agent shall have received the following: 

(i) counterparts of this Amendment, duly executed and delivered by the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the Administrative Agent and all of the Lenders; 

(ii) counterparts of the letter agreement referenced in clause (b) of the definition of Fee Letter , duly executed by the Company and Bank of America; 

(iii) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party certifying as to (A) copies of the Organization Documents of such Loan Party (or as to no change since last delivered to the Administrative Agent on June 11, 2019) and a good standing (or equivalent) certificate as of a recent date for such Loan Party from the relevant authority of its jurisdiction of incorporation (to the extent applicable), (B) copies of resolutions, written consents or other applicable action authorizing the transactions contemplated the Loan Documents (after giving effect to this Amendment) and (C) the identity, authority, signature and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party; 

(iv) favorable opinions of counsel to the Loan Parties addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as to the matters concerning the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; and 

(v) such searches of UCC filings as the Administrative Agent may require in the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation, as applicable, of each Loan Party. 

(b) Fees and Expenses . The Company shall have paid (i) all fees payable to the Arranger and the Lenders pursuant to that certain engagement letter dated as of November 18, 2021 (the Engagement Letter between the Company and the Arranger and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced at least two days prior to the datehereof. 

(c) Existing Credit Agreement . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that, concurrently with the closing, all accrued and unpaid interest and fees owing to the Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement have been paid in full. 

Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in this Section 2 and the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Administrative Agent shall provide notice of such effectiveness to the Company and the Lenders. 

2 
 152288857 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Section 3.	 Representations and Warranties . 
 
 (a) In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, the Company represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as follows: 

(i) After giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Company and each other Loan Party contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement and in each other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Amendment, the representations and warranties contained in Sections 5.05(a) and (b) of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b) , respectively, of the Credit Agreement. 

(ii) Since December 31, 2020, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(iii) No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will exist after giving effect to this Amendment. 

(b) In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, each of the Company and each Subsidiary Guarantor represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

Section 4.	 Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Ratification and Confirmation of Loan Documents . Each of the Company and each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby consents, acknowledges and agrees to the amendments set forth herein and hereby confirms and ratifies in all respects the Loan Documents to which such Person is a party (including without limitation, with respect to each Subsidiary Guarantor, the continuation of its payment and performance obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty and, with respect to both the Company and each Subsidiary Guarantor, the continuation and extension of the liens granted under the Collateral Documents to secure the Secured Obligations), in each case after giving effect to the amendments contemplated hereby. 

(b) Fees and Expenses . The Company shall pay on demand all reasonable costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution, and delivery of this Amendment and any other documents prepared in connection herewith, including, without limitation, the reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent, in each case, as set forth in Section 10.04(a) of the Credit Agreement. 

(c) Headings . Section and subsection headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. 

3 

152288857 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (d) Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial; Etc . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, and shall be further subject to the provisions of Sections 10.14 and 10.15 of the Credit Agreement. 

(e) Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or electronic transmission (including .pdf file) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 

(f) Entire Agreement . This Amendment, together with the Engagement Letter and the other Loan Documents (collectively, the Relevant Documents ), sets forth the entire understanding and agreement of the parties hereto in relation to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior negotiations and agreements among the parties relating to such subject matter. No promise, condition, representation or warranty, express or implied, not set forth in the Relevant Documents shall bind any party hereto, and no such party has relied on any such promise, condition, representation or warranty. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that, except as otherwise expressly stated in the Relevant Documents, no representations, warranties or commitments, express or implied, have been made by any party to the other in relation to the subject matter hereof or thereof. None of the terms or conditions of this Amendment may be changed, modified, waived or canceled orally or otherwise except in writing in accordance with Section 10.01 of the Credit Agreement. 

(g) Enforceability . Should any one or more of the provisions of this Amendment be determined to be illegal or unenforceable as to one or more of the parties hereto, all other provisions nevertheless shall remain effective and binding on the parties hereto. 

(h) Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (subject to Section 10.06 of the Credit Agreement). 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Pages Follow] 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Signature Page 
 152288857 
 
 EX-10.25 
 
 The following parties have caused this Amendment to be executed as of the date first written above. 

COMPANY: 

CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Matthew Eckl 

Name: 
 Matthew Eckl 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS: 

AARDING THERMAL ACOUSTICS USA INC. 

CECO ENVIRONMENTAL IP INC. 

CECO GROUP, INC. 

CECO INDUSTRIAL SOLUTIONS, INC. 

CECO MEXICO HOLDINGS LLC 

EMTROL LLC 

FKI, LLC 

H.M. WHITE, INC. 

MET-PRO TECHNOLOGIES LLC 

PEERLESS MFG. CO. 

THE KIRK BLUM MANUFACTURING COMPANY 

By: 
 /s/ Matthew Eckl 

Name: 
 Matthew Eckl 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Signature Page 
 152288857 
 
 EX-10.25 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , 

as Administrative Agent 

By: 
 
 /s/ Kyle D Harding 

Name: 
 
 Kyle D Harding 

Title: 
 
 Vice President 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Signature Page 
 152288857 
 
 EX-10.25 

LENDERS: 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as a Lender 

By: 
 /s/ Gregg Bush 

Name: 
 Gregg Bush 

Title: 
 Senior Vice President 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Signature Page 
 152288857 
 
 EX-10.25 

CITIZENS BANK, N.A. , as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ Cynthia Matje 

Name: 
 
 Cynthia Matje 

Title: 
 
 Senior Vice President 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Signature Page 
 152288857 
 
 EX-10.25 

CITIBANK, N.A. , as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ John Torres 

Name: 
 
 John Torres 

Title: 
 
 Senior Vice President 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Signature Page 
 152288857 
 
 EX-10.25 

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL 

ASSOCIATION , as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ John R. Gray 

Name: 
 
 John R. Gray 

Title: 
 
 Vice President 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Signature Page 
 152288857 
 
 EX-10.25 

BMO HARRIS BANK, N.A. , as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ James Stephens 

Name: 
 
 James Stephens 

Title: 
 
 Vice President 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Signature Page 
 152288857 
 
 EX-10.25 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a 

Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ Mark Haddad 

Name: 
 
 Mark Haddad 

Title: 
 
 Vice President 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Signature Page 
 152288857 
 
 EX-10.25 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL 

ASSOCIATION , as a Lender 

By: 
 
 /s/ Cynthia Nwaubani 

Name: 
 
 Cynthia Nwaubani 

Title: 
 
 Vice President 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Signature Page 
 152288857 
 
 EX-10.25 
 ANNEX A 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 [See attached.] 

152288857 
 
 EX-10.25 

Published Deal CUSIP Number: 12514DAJ4 Published Revolving Credit Facility CUSIPNumber: 12514DAK1 Published Term Loan Facility CUSIPNumber: 12514DAL9 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 Dated as of June 11, 2019 among 
 CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. 
 and 
 CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES, 
 as Borrowers, 
 THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and 
 an L/C Issuer, 
 
 CITIZENS BANK, N.A. 
 and CITIBANK, N.A., 
 as Co-Syndication Agents, 
 
 FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Documentation Agent, and 
 BOFA SECURITIES, INC., 
 as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner 

152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Section 

Page 

ARTICLE I. 

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 

1.1 
 
 Defined Terms 
 1 

1.2 
 
 Other Interpretive Provisions 
 37 

1.3 
 
 Accounting Terms 
 38 

1.4 
 
 Rounding 
 39 

1.5 
 
 Times of Day 
 39 

1.6 
 
 Letter of Credit Amounts 
 39 

1.7 
 
 Adjustments for Specified Transactions 
 39 

1.8 
 
 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents 
 40 

1.9 
 
 Additional Alternative Currencies 
 40 

1.10 
 
 Change of Currency 
 41 

1.11 
 
 Interest Rates 
 42 

ARTICLE II. 

THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 

2.1 
 
 Loans 
 42 

2.2 
 
 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 
 43 

2.3 
 
 Letters of Credit 
 45 

2.4 
 
 Swing Line Loans 
 54 

2.5 
 
 Prepayments 
 56 

2.6 
 
 Termination or Reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments 
 60 

2.7 
 
 Repayment of Loans 
 60 

2.8 
 
 Interest 
 61 

2.9 
 
 Fees 
 62 

2.10 
 
 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate 
 62 

2.11 
 
 Evidence of Debt 
 63 

2.12 
 
 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback 
 63 

2.13 
 
 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 
 65 

2.14 
 
 Designated Borrowers 
 66 

2.15 
 
 Increase Option 
 67 

2.16 
 
 Cash Collateral 
 70 

2.17 
 
 Defaulting Lenders 
 71 

2.18 
 
 Designation of Unrestricted and Restricted Subsidiaries 
 74 

ARTICLE III. 

TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 

3.1 
 
 Taxes 
 75 

3.2 
 
 Illegality 
 79 

3.3 
 
 Inability to Determine Rates 
 80 

3.4 
 
 Increased Costs 
 82 

3.5 
 
 Compensation for Losses 
 83 

3.6 
 
 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 
 84 

3.7 
 
 Survival 
 84 

1 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 ARTICLE IV. 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 

4.1 
 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension 
 84 

4.2 
 Conditions to all Credit Extensions 
 87 

ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

5.1 
 Existence, Qualification and Power 
 87 

5.2 
 Authorization; No Contravention 
 88 

5.3 
 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 
 88 

5.4 
 Binding Effect 
 88 

5.5 
 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 
 88 

5.6 
 Litigation 
 89 

5.7 
 No Default 
 89 

5.8 
 Ownership of Property; Liens 
 89 

5.9 
 Environmental Compliance 
 89 

5.10 
 Insurance 
 89 

5.11 
 Taxes 
 89 

5.12 
 ERISA Compliance 
 90 

5.13 
 Subsidiaries; Equity Investments; Loan Parties 
 91 

5.14 
 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 
 91 

5.15 
 Disclosure 
 91 

5.16 
 Compliance with Laws 
 92 

5.17 
 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc 
 92 

5.18 
 OFAC 
 92 

5.19 
 Solvency 
 92 

5.20 
 [Reserved.] 
 92 

5.21 
 Labor Matters 
 92 

5.22 
 Collateral Documents 
 92 

5.23 
 Representations as to Foreign Obligors 
 93 

5.24 
 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions; Use of Proceeds 
 93 

5.25 
 Affected Financial Institution 
 94 

5.26 
 Borrower ERISA Status 
 94 

5.27 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification 
 94 

5.28 
 Covered Entity 
 94 

2 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

6.1 
 Financial Statements 
 94 

6.2 
 Certificates; Other Information 
 95 

6.3 
 Notices 
 97 

6.4 
 Payment of Obligations 
 97 

6.5 
 Preservation of Existence, Etc 
 97 

6.6 
 Maintenance of Properties 
 98 

6.7 
 Maintenance of Insurance 
 98 

6.8 
 Compliance with Laws 
 98 

6.9 
 Books and Records 
 98 

6.10 
 Inspection Rights 
 98 

3 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

6.11 
 Use of Proceeds 
 98 

6.12 
 Additional Subsidiaries 
 99 

6.13 
 Compliance with Environmental Laws 
 100 

6.14 
 Further Assurances 
 101 

6.15 
 Approvals and Authorizations 
 102 

6.16 
 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions 
 103 

ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

7.1 
 Liens 
 101 

7.2 
 Investments 
 102 

7.3 
 Indebtedness 
 104 

7.4 
 Fundamental Changes 
 105 

7.5 
 Dispositions 
 106 

7.6 
 Restricted Payments 
 107 

7.7 
 Change in Nature of Business 
 107 

7.8 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 107 

7.9 
 Burdensome Agreements 
 107 

7.10 
 Use of Proceeds 
 108 

7.11 
 Financial Covenants 
 108 

7.12 
 Amendment or Modification of Organization Documents 
 109 

7.13 
 Accounting Changes 
 109 

7.14 
 Post-Closing Actions 
 109 

ARTICLE VIII. 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 

8.1 
 Events of Default 
 109 

8.2 
 Remedies Upon Event of Default 
 111 

8.3 
 Application of Funds 
 112 

ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

9.1 
 Appointment and Authority 
 113 

9.2 
 Rights as a Lender 
 113 

9.3 
 Exculpatory Provisions 
 114 

9.4 
 Reliance by Administrative Agent 
 115 

9.5 
 Delegation of Duties 
 115 

9.6 
 Resignation of Administrative Agent 
 115 

9.7 
 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Arranger and Other Lenders 
 116 

9.8 
 No Other Duties, Etc 
 117 

9.9 
 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim; Credit Bidding 
 117 

9.10 
 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 
 118 

4 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

9.11 
 Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit 
 119 

9.12 
 Certain ERISA Matters 
 119 

9.13 
 Recovery of Erroneous Payments 
 120 

5 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 

10.1 
 Amendments, Etc 
 121 

10.2 
 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication 
 123 

10.3 
 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement 
 125 

10.4 
 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 
 125 

10.5 
 Payments Set Aside 
 127 

10.6 
 Successors and Assigns 
 128 

10.7 
 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 
 132 

10.8 
 Right of Setoff 
 133 

10.9 
 Interest Rate Limitation 
 133 

10.10 
 Integration; Effectiveness 
 134 

10.11 
 Survival of Representations and Warranties 
 134 

10.12 
 Severability 
 134 

10.13 
 Replacement of Lenders 
 134 

10.14 
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc 
 135 

10.15 
 Waiver of Jury Trial 
 136 

10.16 
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 
 136 

10.17 
 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts 
 137 

10.18 
 USA PATRIOT Act 
 138 

10.19 
 Keepwell 
 138 

10.20 
 Judgment Currency 
 138 

10.21 
 Amendment and Restatement; No Novation 
 139 

10.22 
 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 139 

10.23 
 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 139 

6 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 SCHEDULES 

1.01A 
 Specified Existing Capital Leases 

1.01B 
 Existing Letters of Credit 

2.01 
 Commitments and Applicable Percentages 

2.01LC 
 L/C Commitments 

2.07(a) 
 Term Loan Facility Amortization Schedule 

2.18 
 Unrestricted Subsidiaries 

5.12(d) 
 Pension Plans 

5.13 
 Subsidiaries; Equity Investments; Loan Parties 

5.21 
 Collective Bargaining Agreements and Multiemployer Plans 

1.1 
 Existing Liens 

1.2 
 Existing Investments 

1.3 
 Existing Indebtedness 

7.14 
 Post-Closing Actions 

10.02 
 Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices 

EXHIBITS 

Form of 

A 
 Loan Notice 

B 
 Swing Line Loan Notice 

D-1 
 Revolving Credit Note 

D-2 
 Term Loan Note 

E 
 Compliance Certificate 

F 
 Assignment and Assumption 

G 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 

H 
 Letters of Credit Report 

I 
 Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement 

I 
 Designated Borrower Notice 

J 
 Notice of Loan Prepayment 

7 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is 
 entered into as of June 11, 2019, among CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), certain Restricted Subsidiaries of the Company party hereto pursuant to Section 2.14 (each a Designated Borrower and, together with the Company, the Borrowers and, each a Borrower ), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender ), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and each other L/C Issuer from time to time party hereto. 
 
 RECITALS: 
 
 A. The Borrowers, the lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent have entered into that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 3, 2015 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ). 

B. The Borrowers have requested, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders have agreed to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement and extend certain credit facilities to the Borrowers. 

In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I. 
 DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 
 1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
 Aarding B.V. means Aarding Thermal Acoustics B.V., a private limited company incorporated in the Netherlands. 
 
 Acquisition means, by any Person, the acquisition by such Person, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of (a) more than 50 of the voting Equity Interests of another Person (including the purchase of an option, warrant or convertible or similar type security to acquire such a controlling interest at the time it becomes exercisable by the holder thereof), whether by purchase of such Equity Interest or upon exercise of an option or warrant for, or conversion of securities into, such Equity Interest, or (b) assets of another Person which constitute all or substantially all of the assets of such Person, a division of such Person or a line or lines of business conducted by such Person. 
 
 Act has the meaning specified in Section 10.18 . 
 
 Additional Commitment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.15(a) . 
 
 Additional Commitments Amendment has the meaning set forth in Section 2.15(d) . 
 
 Additional Commitments Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.15(e) . 
 
 Additional Commitments Limit means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the greater of (a) 75,000,000 and (b) the amount of additional Consolidated Funded Indebtedness that would cause the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio to equal 3.00 to 1.00 (calculated as of the last day of the most 
 
 1 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

2 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 recently ended fiscal quarter for which financial information is available, but giving pro forma effect to such Additional Commitment Amendment, the Indebtedness to be incurred in connection therewith (assuming, in the case of any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, that such Additional Commitments and all other Revolving Credit Commitments are fully drawn) and, if applicable, the Permitted Acquisition consummated in connection therewith (calculated in accordance with Section 1.07 and, without duplication, assuming that all other Additional Loans outstanding on such date of determination were outstanding as of the last day of such fiscal quarter). 
 
 Additional Lenders has the meaning set forth in Section 2.15(c) . 
 
 Additional Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.15(a) . 
 
 Additional Term Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2.15(a) . 
 Administrative Agent means Bank of America, in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
 Administrative Agent s Office means, with respect to any currency, the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 with respect to such currency, or such other address or account with respect to such currency as the Administrative Agent hereafter may designate by written notice to the Company and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in substantially the form provided by the Administrative Agent or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution, or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Aggregate	Commitments 	means	the	Commitments	of	all	the	Lenders. Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments means the Revolving Credit Commitments of all 
 Revolving Credit Lenders. 
 Agreed Currency means Dollars or any Alternative Currency, as applicable. 
 
 Agreement means this Credit Agreement. 
 Alternative Currency means (a) with respect to Revolving Credit Loans, (i) Euro, Sterling and Canadian Dollars and (ii) each other currency (other than Dollars) that is approved in accordance with Section 1.09 with respect to Revolving Credit Loans and (b) with respect to Letters of Credit issued by any L/C Issuer pursuant to the Revolving Credit Facility, (i) Euro, Sterling, Canadian Dollars and Rupees and 
 (ii) each other currency (other than Dollars) that is approved in accordance with Section 1.09 with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer. 

Alternative Currency Daily Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Credit Extension: 
 
 (a) denominated in Sterling, the rate per annum equal to SONIA determined pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SONIA Adjustment; and 

3 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (b) denominated in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent such Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a daily rate), the daily rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.09(a) plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.09(c) ; 

provided , that, if any Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in an Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. 
 
 Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate. All Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency. 
 
 Alternative Currency Equivalent means, at any time, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in the applicable Alternative Currency as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, by reference to Bloomberg (or such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates), to be the exchange rate for the purchase of such Alternative Currency with Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the date two (2) Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made; provided , however , that if no such rate is available, the Alternative Currency Equivalent shall be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, using any reasonable method of determination its deems appropriate in its sole discretion (and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifesterror). 
 
 Alternative Currency Loan means an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable. 
 
 Alternative Currency Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments and (b) 50,000,000. The Alternative Currency Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 
 Alternative Currency Term Rate means, for any Interest Period, with respect to any Credit Extension: 
 
 (a) denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the day that is two TARGET Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; 

(b) denominated in Canadian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) (in such case, the CDOR Rate on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; or 

(c) denominated in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent such Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a term rate), the term rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.09(a plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.09(c) ; 

4 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 provided , that , if any Alternative Currency Term Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Term Rate. All Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency. 
 
 Amendment No. 2 Effective Date means December 17, 2021. 
 
 Applicable Authority means (a) with respect to SOFR, the SOFR Administrator or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or the SOFR Administrator and 
 (b) with respect to any Alternative Currency, the applicable administrator for the Relevant Rate for such Alternative Currency or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator. 
 
 Applicable Percentage means (a) in respect of the Term Loan Facility, with respect to any Term Loan Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Term Loan Facility represented by (i) on or prior to the funding of its Term Loan on the Closing Date, the sum of such Lender s Term Loan Commitment at such time plus the principal amount of such Term Loan Lender s Term Loan outstanding at such time and (ii) thereafter, the aggregate principal amount of such Term Loan Lender s Term Loans outstanding at such time and (b) in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments represented by such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 . If the commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender to make Revolving Credit Loans and the obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated, or if the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Revolving Credit Lender in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Revolving Credit Lender in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. On and after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, the initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender in respect of each Facility is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
 Applicable Rate means the following percentages per annum, based upon the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(a) : 

Pricing Level 
 Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio 
 Commitment Fee 
 Term SOFRLoans, Daily SOFRLoans, Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans, Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans and Letter of CreditFee 
 Base Rate Loans 

I 
 Less than 1.50 to 1.00 
 0.20 
 1.75 
 0.75 

5 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

II 
 Greater than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00 but less than 2.00 to 1.00 
 0.25 
 2.00 
 1.00 

III 
 Greater than or equal to 2.00 to 1.00 but less than 2.50 to 1.00 
 0.30 
 2.25 
 1.25 

IV 
 Greater than or equal to 2.50 to 1.00 but less than 3.00 to 1.00 
 0.35 
 2.50 
 1.50 

V 
 Greater than or equal to 3.00 to 1.00 
 0.40 
 2.75 
 1.75 

Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) ; provided , however , that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then, upon the request of the Required Term Loan Lenders (in the case of the Term Loan Facility) or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders (in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility), as the case may be, Pricing Level V shall apply in respect of the Term Loan Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility, as applicable, in each case as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered until the first Business Day after such Compliance Certificate is delivered. The Applicable Rate in effect from the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date until the first Business Day following the delivery of the Compliance Certificate for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2021, shall be determined based upon Pricing Level III. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, the determination of the Applicable Rate for any period shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.10(b) . 
 
 Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage means with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Percentage in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility at such time. 
 
 Applicable Time means, with respect to any borrowings and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. 
 
 Applicant Borrower has the meaning specified in Section 2.14 . 
 
 Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 
 Arranger means BofA Securities, Inc., in its capacity as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner. 
 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b) ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by MarkitClear or other electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 

6 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any capital lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a capital lease. 
 
 Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. 
 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 , and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender to make Revolving Credit Loans and of the obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02 . 
 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 
 Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
 
 Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of 
 (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1 , (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, (c) Daily Simple SOFR for such date plus 1.00 and (d) 1.00 . The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) , (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. 

Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. All Base Rate Loans are only available to U.S. Borrowers and shall be denominated in Dollars. 
 
 Base Rate Revolving Credit Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan that is a Base Rate Loan. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

7 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 
 Borrower and Borrowers each has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 
 Borrowing means a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a Swing Line Borrowing or a Term Loan Borrowing, as the context may require. 
 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located; provided that: 
 
 (a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, means a Business Day that is also a TARGET Day; 

(b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Sterling, means a day other than a day banks are closed for general business in London because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of the United Kingdom; and 

(c) if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than Euro in respect of an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan (other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency. 

Canadian Dollar and C mean the lawful currency of Canada. 
 
 Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person for any period, any expenditure in respect of the purchase or other acquisition of any fixed or capital asset (excluding normal replacements and maintenance which are properly charged to current operations). 
 
 Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the L/C Issuers, the Revolving Credit Lenders or PSLOC Banks, as collateral for L/C Obligations, Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit or obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders to fund participations in respect of L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) the L/C Issuers. Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
 
 Cash Equivalents means any of the following types of Investments: 

8 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (a) readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than 360 days from the date of acquisition thereof; provided that the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof; 

(b) time deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of, any commercial bank that (i) (A) is a Lender or (B) is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, (ii) issues (or the parent of which issues) commercial paper rated as described in clause (c) of this definition and (iii) has combined capital and surplus of at least 

1,000,000,000, in each case with maturities of not more than 90 days from the date of acquisition thereof; 
 
 (c) commercial paper issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States and rated at least Prime-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by Moody s or at least A-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by S P, in each case with maturities of not more than 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof; and 

(d) Investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in money market investment programs registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, which are administered by financial institutions that have the highest rating obtainable from either Moody s or S P, and the portfolios of which are limited solely to Investments of the character, quality and maturity described in clauses (a) , (b) and (c) of this definition. 

Cash Management Agreement means any agreement to provide treasury or cash management services, including deposit accounts, overnight draft, credit cards, debit cards, p-cards (including purchasing cards and commercial cards), funds transfer, automated clearinghouse, zero balance accounts, returned check concentration, controlled disbursement, lockbox, account reconciliation and reporting and trade finance services and other cash management services (including any Treasury Management Agreement). 
 
 Cash Management Bank means any Person in its capacity as a party to a Cash Management Agreement that, (a) at the time it enters into a Cash Management Agreement with a Loan Party, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, or (b) at the time it (or its Affiliate) becomes a Lender, is a party to a Cash Management Agreement with a Loan Party, in each case in its capacity as a party to such Cash Management Agreement (even if such Person ceases to be a Lender or such Person s Affiliate ceased to be a Lender). 
 
 CECO B.V. means CECO Environmental Netherlands B.V., a private limited company incorporated in the Netherlands. 
 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption, phase-in or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 

9 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Change of Control means an event or series of events by which: 
 
 (a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right )), directly or indirectly, of 35 or more of the equity securities of the Company entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Company on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right); or 

(b) during any period of 12 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Company cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body. 

Closing Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 . 
 
 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 
 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 Collateral means all of the property that is or is intended under the terms of the Collateral Documents to be subject to Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, including all of the Collateral referred to therein. 
 
 Collateral Documents means, collectively, each Security Agreement, each Security Joinder Agreement, each Pledge Agreement, each Pledge Joinder Agreement, each Pledge Agreement Supplement and each of the other security agreements, pledge agreements, collateral assignments or other similar agreements, instruments or documents that creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 
 Commitment means a Term Loan Commitment or a Revolving Credit Commitment, as the context may require. 
 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 
 Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 
 
 Company has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 
 10 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

11 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Company Guaranty means the Amended and Restated Company Guaranty Agreement dated as of the Closing Date, made by the Company in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 
 Competitor means (a) any Person (a Direct Competitor that is a bona fide direct competitor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the same industry or a substantially similar industry which offers a substantially similar product or service as the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (b) any Person whose primary business is owning a Direct Competitor. 
 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D . 
 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR, SONIA or any proposed Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency, Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate , SOFR , SONIA , Daily Simple SOFR , Term SOFR , Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definition of Business Day , U.S. Government Securities Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for such Agreed Currency (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such Agreed Currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, for the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, subject to Section 1.07 , an amount equal to: 
 
 (a) Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus 

(b) the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income (without duplication): 

(i) Consolidated Interest Charges for such period, 

(ii) the provision for Federal, state, local and foreign income taxes by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, 

(iii) depreciation and amortization expense for such period, 

(iv) any earn-out or deferred purchase price and similar expenses in connection with Investments permitted hereby that reduced Consolidated Net Income for such period, 

12 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (v) non-recurring cash expenses (including, without limitation, as part of a restructuring, business optimization, consolidation, relocation or integration); provided that the aggregate amount permitted to be added back pursuant to this clause (v) with respect to any particular period of four consecutive fiscal quarters shall not exceed the greater of (A) 5,000,000 or (B) 10 of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (calculated without giving effect to this clause (v) , Section 1.07(b) or the last paragraph of this definition which deems Consolidated EBITDA to be a certain amount for certain fiscal quarters), 

(vi) expenses associated with foreign exchange remeasurements; provided that the aggregate amount permitted to be added back pursuant to this clause (vi) with respect to any particular period of four consecutive fiscal quarters shall not exceed 1,000,000, 

(vii) other items reducing Consolidated Net Income that do not constitute a cash charge or cash expense in such period or in any future period, including, without limitation, goodwill impairment charges, stock compensation or other stock related charges (excluding amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period), 

(viii) fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, 

(ix) non-recurring charges, costs and expenses incurred in connection with proposed or closed Dispositions, Acquisitions or Investments (including, without limitation, legal costs and accounting fees), incurrence of Indebtedness or issuance of Equity Interests (in each case, whether or not consummated), including amendments thereof, and 

(x) deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid in connection with the any early extinguishment or conversion of Indebtedness, Swap Contracts or other derivative instruments (including deferred financing expenses written off and premiums paid), 

minus 
 
 (c) the following to the extent included in calculating such Consolidated Net Income: 

(i) Federal, state, local and foreign income tax credits of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, 

(ii) any gain or benefit associated with foreign exchange remeasurements, and 

(iii) all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely for purposes of determining compliance with the maintenance financial covenants pursuant to Section 7.11 and not for any other purpose (including, without limitation, any incurrence tests or determining the Applicable Rate), for each four-quarter period ending next following the consummation of the General Rubber Joint Venture Investment, Consolidated EBITDA shall be increased by an amount equal to (a) 3,500,000, in the case of the first such four-quarter period, (b) 
 2,625,000, in the case of the second such four-quarter period, (c) 1,750,000, in the case of the third such four-quarter period and (d) 875,000, in the fourth such four-quarter period, in each case net of any cash dividends or distributions received by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries on account of the General Rubber Joint Venture Investment and only to the extent that the Administrative Agent has 

13 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 completed a reasonably satisfactory review of the final quality of earnings report with respect to the Person contemplated to be acquired with the proceeds of the General Rubber Joint Venture Investment and the results of the relevant joint venture are not otherwise included in the results of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries (e.g. the joint venture entity is a Restricted Subsidiary); it being agreed and acknowledged that the form and scope of the draft quality of earnings report shared with the Administrative Agent on December 6, 2021 is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of 
 (a) the remainder of (i) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of the four fiscal quarters most recently ended minus (ii) Capital Expenditures during such period (excluding (A) Capital Expenditures constituting payments in respect of capital leases and Capital Expenditures financed by Indebtedness permitted hereunder, (B) amounts expended as consideration for Acquisitions permitted hereunder to the extent such amounts would otherwise be included as Capital Expenditures and (C) Capital Expenditures paid for with proceeds of casualty insurance as evidenced in writing and submitted to the Administrative Agent together with any Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) minus (iii) Federal, state, localand foreign income taxes paid by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period to (b) Consolidated Fixed Charges for such period. 
 
 Consolidated Fixed Charges means, for any period, for the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of (a) Consolidated Interest Charges paid in cash during such period, (b) scheduled principal payments of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness during such period (it being acknowledged and agreed that, solely for purposes of calculating the foregoing, (i) scheduled principal payments of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness (other than in respect of the Term Loans) shall be those originally scheduled either at the time of incurrence of such Consolidated Funded Indebtedness or as subsequently modified by an agreement expressly modifying such originally scheduled principal payments (without giving effect to any reduction in such originally scheduled principal payments as a result of the application of any principal prepayments) and (ii) scheduled principal payments of the Term Loans shall be those set forth on Schedule 2.07(a) as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, except that, to the extent any prepayment of the Term Loans is made after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, such scheduled principal payments shall be reduced by an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the actual reduction to such scheduled principal payments from such prepayment and (B) the amount by which such scheduled principal payment would have been reduced if the prepayment had been applied on a pro rata basis to all remaining scheduled principal payments (including the final payment due at maturity) of the Term Loans (regardless of the actual application of such prepayment), (c) dividends and distributions paid in cash by the Company to its shareholders or cash redemptions by the Company of its Equity Interests during such period and (d) any earn-out or deferred purchase price and similar payments in connection with Investments that are paid in cash during such period. 
 
 Consolidated Funded Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, for the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, and without duplication, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of all obligations, whether current or long-term, for borrowed money (including Obligations hereunder) and all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments, (b) all purchase money Indebtedness, (c) all direct obligations arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments (excluding from such calculation direct obligations with respect to (i) undrawn performance standby letters of credit, (ii) undrawn performance-based bankers acceptances and undrawn performance- based bank guarantees, (iii) performance-based surety bonds on which no claims have been asserted and 
 (iv) undrawn letters of credit, undrawn bankers acceptances and undrawn bank guarantees securing customer contracts, but in all cases including (x) any payment and reimbursement obligations due in respect of the foregoing, and (y) all obligations with respect to financial standby letters of credit, bankers acceptances and bank guarantees or bonds providing assurance with respect to financial obligations), (d) 

14 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 all obligations in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (x) trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business and (y) earnout and similar payments in connection with Acquisitions permitted hereby), (e) Attributable Indebtedness in respect of capital leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations (for the purpose of calculating the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio only, excluding (i) the Specified Existing Capital Leases and (ii) any Attributable Indebtedness from capital leases arising from any sale-leaseback transaction permitted hereunder the Net Cash Proceeds of which are used substantially contemporaneously with the receipt thereof to prepay Term Loans hereunder pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i) ), (f) without duplication, all Guarantees with respect to outstanding Indebtedness of the types specified in clauses (a) through (e) above of Persons other than the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, and (g) all Indebtedness of the types referred to in clauses (a) through (f) above of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary is a general partner or joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made nonrecourse to the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary (it being understood that any Indebtedness owed by the Company to any Restricted Subsidiary, by any Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or by any Restricted Subsidiary to another Restricted Subsidiary will be netted out for purposes of calculating Consolidated Funded Indebtedness to the extent such netting would be made when making calculations on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP). 
 
 Consolidated Interest Charges means, for any period, for the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees, charges and related expenses of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with borrowed money (including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price of assets, in each case to the extent treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, and (b) the portion of rent expense of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to such period under capital leases (subject to Section 1.03(b) that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, for the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, subject to Section 1.07 , the net income (or loss) of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but excluding therefrom (to the extent otherwise included therein) (a) any extraordinary gains or losses, (b) any gains attributable to a sale of assets (other than inventory sold in the ordinary course of business) and the write- up of assets, (c) any equity interest of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company in the unremitted earnings of any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary, (d) the net income of any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Restricted Subsidiary of such income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its Organization Documents or any agreement, instrument or Law applicable to such Restricted Subsidiary, except that the Company s equity in any net loss of any such Restricted Subsidiary shall be included in determining Consolidated Net Income and (e) any income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or the date that such Person s assets are acquired by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that , to the extent not already included therein, Consolidated Net Income for any period shall be increased by the amount of cash dividends or other distributions actually paid to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary by any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary during such period in respect of the income earned by such Person in such period or in any prior period (to the extent not previously included in Consolidated Net Income) (and in the case of a dividend or other distribution to a Restricted Subsidiary, such Restricted Subsidiary is not precluded from further distributing such amount to the Company as described in the foregoing clause (d) ). 
 
 Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) the difference of (i) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness as of such date minus (ii) 100 of unrestricted cash or 

15 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties maintained in the United States or Canada with a Lender to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of the four fiscal quarters most recently ended. 
 
 Consolidated Total Assets means, as of any date of determination, the net book value of all assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries on such date determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 
 Credit Extension means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension. 
 
 Daily Simple SOFR means the rate per annum equal to SOFR determined for any day pursuant to the definition thereof plus the Daily Simple SOFR Adjustment. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. If the rate as sodetermined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Daily Simple SOFR Adjustment means, with respect to Daily Simple SOFR, 0.11448 (11.448 basis points). 
 
 Daily Simple SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily SOFR (other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate). 
 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 
 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 
 Default Rate means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2 per annum; provided , however , that with respect to a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2 per annum, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate plus 2 per annum. 
 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.17(b) , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including, in the case of any Revolving Credit Lender, in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Company, the Administrative 
 
 16 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

17 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Company, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Company that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Company), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.17(b) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Company, each L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 
 
 Delaware LLC means any limited liability company organized or formed under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 
 Delaware Divided LLC means any Delaware LLC which has been formed upon consummation of a Delaware LLC Division. 
 
 Delaware LLC Division means the statutory division of any Delaware LLC into two or more Delaware LLCs pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. 
 
 Designated Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 
 Designated Borrower Notice has the meaning specified in Section 2.14 . 
 
 Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 
 2.14 . 
 
 Designated Non-U.S. Borrower Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments and (b) 50,000,000. The Designated Non-U.S. Borrower Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 
 Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any Sanction. 
 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer 
 
 18 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

19 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith and including any disposition of property to a Delaware Divided LLC pursuant to a Delaware LLC Division. 
 
 Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 
 Dollar Equivalent means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in an Alternative Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with the Alternative Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable) by the applicable Bloomberg source (or such other publicly available source for displaying exchange rates) on date that is two (2) Business Days immediately preceding the date of determination (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable, using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer pursuant to clauses (b or c above shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States. 
 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 
 Electronic Copy shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.17 . 
 
 Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iii) and (v) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii) ). 
 
 Eligible Currency means any lawful currency other than Dollars that is readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars in the international interbank market available to the Lenders in such market and as to which a Dollar Equivalent may be readily calculated. If, after the designation by the Lenders of any currency as an Alternative Currency, any change in currency controls or exchange regulations or any change in the national or international financial, political or economic conditions are imposed in the country in which such currency is issued, result in, in the reasonable opinion of the 
 
 20 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

21 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Administrative Agent (in the case of any Revolving Credit Loans to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) or the applicable L/C Issuer (in the case of any Letter of Credit to be denominated in an Alternative Currency), (a) such currency no longer being readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars, (b) a Dollar Equivalent being no longer readily calculable with respect to such currency or (c) providing such currency being impracticable for the Lenders (each of clauses (a ), b and c ), a Disqualifying Event ), then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and the Company, and such country s currency shall no longer be an Alternative Currency until such time as the Disqualifying Event(s) no longer exist(s). Within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers shall repay all Loans in such currency to which the Disqualifying Event applies or convert such Loans into the Dollar Equivalent of Loans in Dollars, subject to the other terms contained herein. 
 
 Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Company, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of theforegoing. 
 
 Environmental Permit means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law. 
 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, 

22 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan; (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (g) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; or (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Company or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 
 Euro and mean the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . 
 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Subsidiary Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Subsidiary Guarantor of, or the grant by such Subsidiary Guarantor of a Lien to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation thereof) by virtue of such Subsidiary Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to Section 10.19 and any other keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of such Subsidiary Guarantor and any and all guarantees of such Subsidiary Guarantor s Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) at the time the Guarantee of such Subsidiary Guarantor, or a grant by such Subsidiary Guarantor of a Lien, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition. 
 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Company under Section 10.13 or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(ii) , (a)(iii) or (c) , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 
 Existing Credit Agreement is defined in Recital A . 
 
 Existing Letters of Credit means those letters of credit described on Schedule 1.01B . 

23 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 
 require. 

24 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Facility means the Term Loan Facility or the Revolving Credit Facility, as the context may 
 Facility Termination Date means the date as of which all of the following shall have occurred: 

25 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (a) the Aggregate Commitments have terminated, (b) all Obligations have been paid in full (other than (x) contingent indemnification obligations and (y) obligations and liabilities under Secured Cash Management Agreements, Secured Hedge Agreements and Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit as to which arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Cash Management Bank, Hedge Bank or PSLOC Bank shall have been made) and (c) all Letters of Credit and Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit have terminated or expired (other than Letters of Credit or Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit as to which other arrangements with respect thereto reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers or the applicable PSLOC Bank, as applicable, shall have been made). 

FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards 
 Board. 
 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and any applicable intergovernmental agreements with respect to the foregoing. 
 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Fee Letters means (a) the letter agreement dated as of November 18, 2021, between the Company and the Arranger, as amended, and (b) the letter agreement dated as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, between the Company and Bank of America, as amended. 
 
 Foreign Lender means, with respect to any Borrower, (a) if such Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if such Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
 
 Foreign Obligor means a Loan Party that is a Foreign Subsidiary. 
 
 Foreign Subsidiary means (a) any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary, (b) any Domestic Subsidiary all or substantially all of the assets of which consist of equity or debt of one or more Subsidiaries of the type described in the preceding clause (a) and (c) any Subsidiary of any Subsidiary of the type described in the preceding clauses (a) or (b) . 
 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 
 Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Credit Lender, (a) with respect to any L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations on account of Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other 

26 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Revolving Credit Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of Swing Line Loans other than Swing Line Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
 
 General Rubber Joint Venture Investment means a one-time loan made by a Loan Party to EFM Equipment Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company EFM ), the proceeds of which shall be used, substantially concurrently with the making of such loan, in connection with the Acquisition by EFM of General Rubber Corporation, so long as the aggregate principal amount of such loan does not exceed 
 20,000,000, the making of such loan and consummation of such acquisition each occur on or prior to June 30, 2022 (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree) and such loan is evidenced by a note in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and pledged and delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents. 
 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including the Financial Conduct Authority, the Prudential Regulation Authority and any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 

27 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Guaranties means, collectively, the Company Guaranty and the Subsidiary Guaranties. 
 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 
 Hedge Bank means any Person that, (a) at the time it enters into a Swap Contract not prohibited under Article VII , is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, or (b) at the time it (or its Affiliate) becomes a Lender, is party to a Swap Contract, in each case, in its capacity as a party to such Swap Contract. 
 
 Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP: 
 
 (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; 

(b) all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments; 

(c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; 

(d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business that are (i) not past due for more than 90 days after the date on which such trade account payable was created or (ii) being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the applicable Person); 

(e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; 

(f) capital leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations; 

(g) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and 

(h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 

For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of any capital lease or Synthetic Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. 

28 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes other than Excluded Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan	Document and 
 (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . 

Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . 
 
 Insurance and Condemnation Event means the receipt by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary of any proceeds of insurance (other than proceeds of business interruption insurance to the extent such proceeds constitute compensation for lost earnings) or condemnation award payable by reason of theft, loss, physical destruction or damage, taking or similar event with respect to any of their respective property. 
 
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided , however , that if any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; (b) as to any Daily Simple SOFR Loan, the last Business Day of each month and the Maturity Date; (c) as to any Base Rate Loan (including a Swing Line Loan), the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date; (d) as to any Swing Line Loan, such other date as may be specified in any Treasury Management Agreement; (e) as to any Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each month and the Maturity Date; and (f) as to any Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided , however , that if any Interest Period for an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall be Interest Payment Dates. 
 
 Interest Period means, as to each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan, as applicable, is disbursed or converted to or continued as an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan, as applicable, and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter (in each case subject to availability for the interest rate applicable to the relevant currency), as selected by the Company in its Loan Notice; provided that: 
 
 (a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; 

(b) any Interest Period pertaining to an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and 

(c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 

Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other 
 
 29 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit. For purposes of covenant 

30 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. 
 
 Investment Amount means the sum of (a) 20,000,000, plus (b) the cumulative amount of all dividends and distributions received in cash by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date in respect of Investments made pursuant to Section 7.02(f) or 7.02(g)(ii) , plus (c) the cumulative amount of all gains received in cash by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date in respect of Investments made pursuant to Section 7.02(f) or 7.02(g)(ii) as a result of the sale, transfer or other disposition of its ownership interest in any such Investment. 
 
 IP Rights has the meaning specified in Section 5.17 . 
 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 ISP means the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time). 
 
 Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Company (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of such L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. 
 
 Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
 
 L/C Advance means, with respect to each Revolving Credit Lender, such Lender s funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage. All L/C Advances shall be denominated in Dollars. 
 
 L/C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Revolving Credit Borrowing. All L/C Borrowings shall be denominated in Dollars. 
 
 L/C Commitment has the meaning specified in the definition of L/C Issuer . 
 
 L/C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. 
 
 L/C Issuer means, individually or collectively as the context may indicate, (a) Bank of America, in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder or any successor to Bank of America in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, (b) Citibank, N.A., in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder or any successor to Citibank, N.A. in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder and 
 (c) to the extent approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, any other Revolving Credit Lender selected by the Company, which consents to its appointment by the Company as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder and becomes an L/C Issuer hereunder pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder or any successor to such Lender in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, each with the commitment set forth opposite such L/C Issuer s name on Schedule 2.01LC under the caption 

31 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

32 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 L/C Commitment or in the joinder agreement pursuant to which such L/C Issuer becomes a party hereto as an L/C Issuer, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement (each such commitment, a L/C Commitment ). Any L/C Issuer may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such L/C Issuer, in which case the term L/C Issuer shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 
 
 L/C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 
 
 Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and, unless the context requires otherwise, includes the Swing Line Lender. 
 
 Lender Parties and Lender Recipient Parties mean, collectively, the Lenders, the Swing Line Lenders and the L/C Issuers. 
 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Company and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender (including in its capacity as an L/C Issuer) shall include its applicable Lending Office. 
 
 Letter of Credit means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder and shall include the Existing Letters of Credit. Letters of Credit may be issued in Dollars or in an Alternative Currency. 
 
 Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the applicable L/C Issuer. 
 
 Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is seven days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 
 
 Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(h) . 
 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments and (b) 75,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 
 
 Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to a Borrower under Article II in the form of a Revolving Credit Loan, a Swing Line Loan or a Term Loan. 

33 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, each Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement, each Note, each Collateral Document, each Issuer Document, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 , the Fee Letters, the Company Guaranty, each Subsidiary Guaranty and each Subsidiary Guaranty Joinder Agreement and any amendments, modifications or supplements hereto or to any other Loan Document or waivers hereof or to any other Loan Document. 
 
 Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Term Loan Borrowing, (b) a Revolving Credit Borrowing, 
 (c) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (d) a continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company. 

Loan Parties means, collectively, the Company, each Subsidiary Guarantor and each Designated Borrower. 
 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent) or financial condition of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document or of the ability of any Loan Party to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party. 
 
 Material Subsidiary means, as of any date of determination, each direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company that either (a) has assets as of such date equal to 5 or more of the Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the four fiscal quarter period of the Company most recently ended for which financial information is available or (b) had revenues in such four fiscal quarter period equal to 5 or more of the consolidated total revenues of the Company and its Subsidiaries. For the purpose of the foregoing calculations, (i) revenues shall be calculated giving effect to any pro forma adjustments, with respect to any Specified Transaction, in a manner consistent with the adjustments described in Section 1.07 and (ii) the assets and revenues of a Subsidiary shall be deemed to include the assets andrevenues of its Subsidiaries. 
 
 Maturity Date means December 17, 2026; provided , however , that if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 
 
 Mefiag B.V. means Mefiag B.V., a private limited company incorporated in the Netherlands. 
 
 Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided to reduce or eliminate Fronting Exposure during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to 103 of the Fronting Exposure of any L/C Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer and outstanding at such time, (b) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.16(a)(i) , (a)(ii) or (a)(iii) , an amount equal to 103 of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, and (c) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers in their sole discretion. 
 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 

34 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 
 Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the Company or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. 
 
 Net Cash Proceeds means: 
 
 (a) with respect to any Disposition by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any Insurance and Condemnation Event, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such transaction (including any cash or Cash Equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received) over (ii) the sum of (A) the principal amount of any Indebtedness that is secured by the applicable asset and that is required to be repaid in connection with such transaction (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents), (B) the reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with such transaction and (C) income taxes reasonably estimated to be actually payable within two years of the date of the relevant transaction as a result of any gain recognized in connection therewith; provided that, if the amount of any estimated taxes pursuant to subclause (C) exceeds the amount of taxes actually required to be paid in cash in respect of such transaction, the aggregate amount of such excess shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds; and 

(b) with respect to the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, the excess of (i) the sum of the cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such transaction over (ii) the underwriting discounts and commissions, and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, incurred by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary in connection therewith. 

Netherlands Designated Borrowers means, collectively, CECO B.V., Aarding B.V. and Mefiag 
 B.V. 
 
 Non-Consenting Lender means, as applicable, (a) any Lender that does not approve any consent, 
 waiver or amendment that (i) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 and (ii) has been approved by the Required Lenders, (b) any Revolving Credit Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (i) requires the approval of all Revolving Credit Lenders or all affected Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 
 10.1 and (ii) has been approved by the Required Revolving Credit Lenders or (c) any Term Loan Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (i) requires the approval of all Term Loan Lenders or all affected Term Loan Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 and (ii) has been approved by the Required Term Loan Lenders. 

Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such 
 time. 
 
 Note means a Term Loan Note or a Revolving Credit Note, as the context may require. 
 
 Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit J or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company. 

35 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, Letter of Credit, Secured Cash Management Agreement, Secured Hedge Agreement or Secured Permitted Standalone Letter of Credit, in each case whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding; provided that the Obligations of a Subsidiary Guarantor shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the charter or certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization or association and, as applicable, operating or limited liability agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06 ). 
 
 Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to Term Loans, Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the Dollar Equivalent Amount of the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Term Loans, Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Line Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date; and (b) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Company of Unreimbursed Amounts. 
 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent, the applicable L/C Issuer, or the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

36 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 
 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 
 Pension Act means the Pension Protection Act of 2006. 
 
 Pension Funding Rules means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum funding standards with respect to Pension Plans and set forth in Sections 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. 
 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan or a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed to by the Company and any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code. 
 
 Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary as to which the following conditions are satisfied: 
 
 (a) immediately before and immediately after giving effect to any such Acquisition (including any assumption or incurrence of Indebtedness in connection therewith), no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 

(b) either the required majority of the Board of Directors (or other equivalent governing body) of the Person so to be acquired (or that owns the assets to be acquired) incumbent at the time such Acquisition is proposed has acquiesced to such Acquisition, or such Acquisition is otherwise deemed in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent to be a friendly Acquisition; 

(c) the lines of business of the Person to be (or the property of which is to be) so acquired shall be permitted by Section 7.07 ; and 

(d) the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in pro forma compliance with the covenants set forth in Section 7.11 , such compliance to be determined on the basis of financial information for the fiscal period most recently ended for which financial information is available and calculated in accordance with Section 1.07 ; provided that with respect to each Acquisition or series of related Acquisitions involving aggregate consideration of 15,000,000 or more, the Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a Compliance Certificate demonstrating the pro forma compliance required by this clause (d) . 

Permitted Liens means the Liens permitted by Section 7.01 . 
 
 Permitted Standalone Letter of Credit means any commercial letter of credit, standby letter of credit, bankers acceptance or bank guarantee issued by a PSLOC Bank for the account of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary on a bilateral basis and not as part of the facilities provided under the Loan Documents; provided that the aggregate face amount of all such letters of credit, bankers acceptances and bank guarantees shall not exceed 65,000,000 at any time. 

37 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan), maintained for employees of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate or any such Plan to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate is required to contribute on behalf of any of its employees. 
 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 
 Pledge Agreements means, collectively, (a) the Amended and Restated Securities Pledge Agreement (the U.S. Pledge Agreement dated as of the date hereof, made by the Company and certain other Loan Parties in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties specified therein and (b) any other securities pledge agreement now or hereafter in effect executed by one or more Loan Parties that are Foreign Subsidiaries in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of any of the Secured Parties, each of which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in each case, as supplemented from time to time by the execution and delivery of Pledge Joinder Agreements and Pledge Agreement Supplements. 
 
 Pledge Agreement Supplement means each Pledge Agreement Supplement, substantially in the form thereof attached to a Pledge Agreement, executed and delivered by a Loan Party to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Pledge Joinder Agreement means each Pledge Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form thereof attached to a Pledge Agreement, executed and delivered by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 PSLOC Bank means any Person that, (a) at the time it issues a Permitted Standalone Letter of Credit for the account of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, or (b) at the time it (or its Affiliate) becomes a Lender, is party to a Permitted Standalone Letter of Credit, in each case, in its capacity as the issuer of such Permitted Standalone Letter of Credit. 
 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 
 Qualified Supply Chain Finance Program means a supply chain finance program offered to vendors of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, pursuant to which program the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary sells accounts receivable owing to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary by such vendors; provided , that (a) the sale of such accounts receivable is made without recourse for credit risk to the Company or its Subsidiaries and otherwise on terms customary for supply chain finance arrangements (as determined in good faith by the Company), but which shall not constitute a factoring or financing or securitization transaction and (b) any Liens arising under any Qualified Supply Chain Finance Program shall not at any time encumber any property other than the identified accounts receivable (and related assets customarily included in such transactions) sold pursuant thereto. 
 
 Rate Determination Date means two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then Rate Determination Date means such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent). 

38 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder. 
 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . 
 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 
 Relevant Rate means with respect to any Credit Extension denominated in (a) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR or SOFR, as applicable, (b) Sterling, SONIA, (c) Euros, EURIBOR, and (d) Canadian Dollars, the CDOR Rate, as applicable. 
 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA. 
 
 Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Revolving Credit Loans or Term Loans, a Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice. 
 
 Required Facility Lenders means (a) for the Revolving Credit Facility, the Required Revolving Credit Lenders and (b) for the Term Loan Facility, the Required Term Loan Lenders. 
 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing more than 50 of the Total Credit Exposures of all Lenders. The Total Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time; provided that, the amount of any participation in any Swing Line Loan and Unreimbursed Amounts that any Defaulting Lender which is a Revolving Credit Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the Swing Line Lender or an L/C Issuer, as the case may be, in making such determination. 
 
 Required Revolving Credit Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having more than 50 of the sum of the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure plus the aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments. The Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Revolving Credit Commitment of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Revolving Credit Lenders at any time; provided that, the amount of any participation in any Swing Line Loan and Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the Swing Line Lender or an L/C Issuer, as the case may be, in making such determination. 
 
 Required Term Loan Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having more than 50 of the sum of the Outstanding Amount of Term Loans plus the unfunded Term Loan Commitments. The Outstanding Amount of Term Loans and unfunded Term Loan Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Term Loan Lenders at any time. 
 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning as defined in Section 2.12(b)(ii) . 
 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan Party, or in the case of a Netherlands Designated Borrower, an authorized signatory, solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant 
 
 39 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

40 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 to Section 4.01 , the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II , any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, each Responsible Officer will provide an incumbency certificate and to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, appropriate authorization documentation, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the Company s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Person thereof). 
 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company that is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 
 Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Revolving Credit Loan, each of the following: 
 (i) each date of a Borrowing of an Alternative Currency Loan, (ii) each date of a continuation of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan pursuant to Section 2.02 , and (iii) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall in good faith and reasonably determine or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders shall in good faith and reasonably require; and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following: (i) each date of issuance, amendment and/or extension of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of any payment by the applicable L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (iii) in the case of all Existing Letters of Credit denominated in Alternative Currencies, the Closing Date and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer shall in good faith and reasonably determine or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders shall in good faith and reasonably require. 
 
 Revolving Credit Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type, in the same currency and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(a) . 
 
 Revolving Credit Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(a) , (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations, and (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the Dollar amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 under the caption Revolving Credit Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of its outstanding Revolving Credit Loans and such Lender s participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans at such time. 

41 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Revolving Credit Facility means, at any time, the revolving credit facility provided in this Agreement pursuant to the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, including the participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans thereunder. 
 
 Revolving Credit Lender means, at any time, any Lender that has a Revolving Credit Commitment or Revolving Credit Exposure at such time. 
 
 Revolving Credit Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a) . 
 
 Revolving Credit Note means a promissory note made by a Borrower in favor of a Revolving Credit Lender evidencing Revolving Credit Loans made by such Revolving Credit Lender to such Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 . 
 
 Rupees means the lawful currency of India. 
 
 Same Day Funds means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars, immediately available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in an Alternative Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Alternative Currency. 
 
 Sanction(s) means any international economic sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury HMT or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 
 S P means Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S P Global Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . 
 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 
 Secured Cash Management Agreement means any Cash Management Agreement that isentered into by and between any Loan Party and any Cash Management Bank. 
 
 Secured Hedge Agreement means any Swap Contract permitted hereunder that is entered into by and between any Loan Party and any Hedge Bank. 
 
 Secured Parties means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L/C Issuers, the Hedge Banks, the Cash Management Banks, the PSLOC Banks, each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.05 , and the other Persons the Obligations owing to which are or are purported to be secured by the Collateral under the terms of the Collateral Documents. 
 
 Secured Permitted Standalone Letter of Credit means any Permitted Standalone Letter of Credit specifically designated as such to the Administrative Agent in writing by the Company and the relevant PSLOC Bank as a Secured Permitted Standalone Letter of Credit provided that in no event shall any Permitted Standalone Letter of Credit be a Secured Permitted Standalone Letter of Credit if it is secured by Liens permitted by Section 7.01(k) . 

42 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Security Agreements means, collectively, (a) the Amended and Restated Security Agreement (the U.S. Security Agreement dated as of the date hereof, made by the Company and certain other Loan Parties in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties specified therein and (b) any other security agreement now or hereafter in effect executed by one or more Loan Parties that are Foreign Subsidiaries in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of any of the Secured Parties, each of which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in each case as supplemented from time to time by the execution and delivery of Security Joinder Agreements. 
 
 Security Joinder Agreement means each Security Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form thereof attached to a Security Agreement, executed and delivered by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator). 
 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of SOFR, or any successor administrator of SOFR designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other Person acting as the SOFR Administrator at such time. 
 
 SONIA means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the fifth Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time); provided however that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SONIA means such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately priorthereto. 
 
 SONIA Adjustment means, with respect to SONIA, 0.0326 per annum. 
 
 Special Notice Currency means at any time an Alternative Currency, other than the currency of a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development at such time located in North America or Europe. 
 
 Specified Disposition means any disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or Equity Interests of any Subsidiary of the Company or any division, business unit, product line or line of business. 
 
 Specified Existing Capital Leases means those capital leases described on Schedule 1.01A . 
 
 Specified Transactions means (a) any Specified Disposition and (b) any Permitted Acquisition. 
 
 Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital, and (e) such Person is able to pay its debts and liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the ordinary course of business. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 
 Sterling and mean the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 
 43 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

44 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantors means, collectively, the Subsidiaries party to a Subsidiary Guaranty (including by execution of a Subsidiary Guaranty Joinder Agreement). 
 
 Subsidiary Guaranties means, collectively, (a) the Amended and Restated Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement (the U.S. Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of the date hereof, made by certain Restricted Subsidiaries of the Company in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties specified therein and (b) means any other subsidiary guaranty agreement now or hereafter in effect executed by one or more Loan Parties that are Foreign Subsidiaries in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of any of the Secured Parties, each of which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in each case as supplemented from time to time by the execution and delivery of Subsidiary Guaranty Joinder Agreements. 
 
 Subsidiary Guaranty Joinder Agreement means each Subsidiary Guaranty Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form thereof attached to a Subsidiary Guaranty, executed and delivered by a Restricted Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . 
 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 
 Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Subsidiary Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a) , the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 

45 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Swing Line Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.04 . 
 
 Swing Line Lender means Bank of America in its capacity as provider of Swing Line Loans, or any successor swing line lender hereunder. 
 
 Swing Line Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a) . 
 
 Swing Line Loan Notice means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b) , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B or such other form as approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company. 
 
 Swing Line Sublimit means, at any time, an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 10,000,000 and 
 (b) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments. 

Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
 
 TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. 
 
 TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Term Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b) . 
 
 Term Loan Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Term Loan Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(b) . 
 
 Term Loan Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make a Term Loan to the Company pursuant to Section 2.01(b) on the Closing Date in a principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 under the caption Term Loan Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 Term Loan Facility means, at any time, the term loan facility provided pursuant to	 Section 
 2.01(b) . 
 
 Term Loan Lender means, at any time, any Lender that has a Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Term Loan at such time. 

46 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Term Loan Note means a promissory note made by the Company in favor of a Term Loan Lender evidencing the Term Loan made by such Term Loan Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2 . 
 
 Term SOFR means, for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the Term SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period; and provided further that if the Term SOFR determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, the Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Term SOFR Adjustment means, with respect to Term SOFR, (a) 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) for an Interest Period of one-month s duration, (b) 0.26161 (26.161 basis points) for an Interest Period of three-months duration and (c) 0.42826 (42.826 basis points) for an Interest Period of six-months duration. 

47 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 
 SOFR. 

48 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Term 
 
 Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or 

49 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). 
 
 Threshold Amount means 7,500,000. 
 
 Total Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments, Revolving Credit Exposure and outstanding Term Loans of such Lender at suchtime. 
 
 Total Revolving Credit Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans and L/C Obligations. 
 
 Treasury Management Agreement means any treasury management services, autoborrow, sweep or similar agreement entered into between the Company and the Swing Line Lender from time totime. 
 
 Type means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, a Daily Simple SOFR Loan, a Term SOFR Loan, an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan. 
 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York; provided that, if perfection or the effect of perfection or non-perfection or the priority of any security interest in any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or non- perfection or priority. 
 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investmentfirms. 

50 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 
 Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that has been designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 2.18 and has not been re-designated as a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with such Section 2.18 . As of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date, each of EFM Equipment Company, LLC, Effox-Flextor-Mader Inc. and Flextor, Inc. are Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 
 
 U.S. Borrowers means, collectively, the Company and each Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary (other than a Domestic Subsidiary of the type described in clause (b) or (c) of the definition of Foreign Subsidiary). 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. 
 
 U.S. Loan Party means, collectively, each U.S. Borrower and each other Loan Party that is a Domestic Subsidiary (other than a Domestic Subsidiary of the type described in clause (b) or (c) of the definition of Foreign Subsidiary). 
 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 
 U.S. Pledge Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of Pledge Agreements. 
 
 U.S. Security Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of Security Agreements. 
 
 U.S. Subsidiary Guaranty has the meaning specified in the definition of Subsidiary Guaranties. 
 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(III) . 
 
 Withholding Agent means any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail- In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 
 1.2 Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unlessotherwisespecifiedherein or insuchother Loan Document: 

51 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto , herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law, rule or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 

(b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including ; the words to and until each mean to but excluding ; and the word through means to and including . 

(c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretationof this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(d) Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 

1.3 Accounting Terms. 

(a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 

52 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (b) Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Company or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Company shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that , until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Without limiting the foregoing, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the Audited Financial Statements for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto (including, for the avoidance of doubt, as a result of new set of standards in FASB ASC 842), unless the parties hereto shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes, as provided for above (it being understood that until so amended, the Company shall comply with the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence). 

(c) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that the Company is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. 

1.4 Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearestnumber). 

1.5 Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 

1.6 Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided , however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 

1.7 Adjustments for Specified Transactions. For each four-quarter period ending next following the date of any Specified Transaction, for purposes of determining the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio, Consolidated EBITDA shall be computed as if such Specified Transaction (and all other Specified Transactions that have been consummated during the applicable period) occurred as of the first day of the applicable period of measurement and: 

(a) all income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property or person disposed of in a Specified Disposition shall be excluded and all income statement items(whether positive or negative) attributable to the property or person acquired in a Permitted Acquisition shall be included provided that such income statement items to be included are reflected in financial statements or other financial data reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and based upon reasonable assumptions and calculations which are expected to have a continuous impact); and 

53 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (b) non-recurring costs, extraordinary expenses and other pro forma adjustments attributable to such transaction may be included to the extent that such costs, expenses oradjustments: 

(i) are reasonably expected to be realized within twelve (12) months of such Specified Transaction as set forth in reasonable detail on a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company delivered to the Administrative Agent; and 

(ii) are calculated on a basis consistent with GAAP and Regulation S-X of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; 

provided that the foregoing costs, expenses and adjustments shall be without duplication of any costs, expenses or adjustments that are already included in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA or clause (a) above. 
 
 1.8 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents. 

(a) The Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Credit Extensions and Outstanding Amounts denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amounts until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by Loan Parties hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable. 

(b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Revolving Credit Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of an Alternative Currency Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Revolving Credit Borrowing, Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case maybe. 

1.9 Additional Alternative Currencies. 

(a) The Company may from time to time request that Alternative Currency Loans be made and/or Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of Alternative Currency; provided that such requested currency is an Eligible Currency. In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Alternative Currency Loans, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Credit Lenders; and in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and at least one of the L/C Issuers (it being acknowledged and agreed that no L/C Issuer shall be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit denominated in a currency requested by the Company pursuant to this Section 1.09(a) if such currency has not been approved by such L/CIssuer). 

(b) Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m., twenty (20) Business Days prior to the date of the desired Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and, in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the L/C Issuers, in its or their sole discretion). In the case of any such request pertaining to Alternative Currency Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Credit Lender thereof; and in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the L/C Issuers thereof. Each Revolving Credit Lender (in the case of any 

54 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

55 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 such request pertaining to Alternative Currency Loans) or each L/C Issuer (in the case of a request pertaining to Letters of Credit) shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11:00 a.m., ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Alternative Currency Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit, as the case may be, in such requested currency. 
 
 (c) Any failure by a Revolving Credit Lender or an L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to respond to such request within the time period specified in the last sentence of Section 1.09(b) shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to permit Alternative Currency Loans to be made or Letters of Credit to be issued in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and all the Revolving Credit Lenders consent to making Alternative Currency Loans in such requested currency and the Administrative Agent and such Revolving Credit Lenders reasonably determine that an appropriate interest rate is available to be used for such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Company and (i) the Administrative Agent and such Revolving Credit Lenders may amend the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate to the extent necessary to add the applicable rate for such currency and any applicable adjustment for such rate and (ii) to the extent the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Revolving Credit Borrowings of Alternative Currency Loans. If the Administrative Agent and at least one of the L/C Issuers consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Company and (iii) pursuant to the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers may amend the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, to the extent necessary to add the applicable rate for such currency and any applicable adjustment for such rate and (iv) to the extent the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency, for purposes of any Letter of Credit issuances by the consenting L/C Issuers. If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.09 , the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Company. 

1.10 Change of Currency. 

(a) Each obligation of the Borrowers to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro as its lawful currency after the date hereof shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption. If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the London interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as its lawful currency; provided that if any Revolving Credit Borrowing in the currency of such member state is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect, with respect to such Revolving Credit Borrowing, at the end of the then current Interest Period. 

(b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro. 

(c) Each provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a 

56 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 change in currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency. 
 
 1.11 Interest Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to any Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source orservice. 

ARTICLE II. 
 THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 
 2.1 Loans. 

(a) Revolving Credit Borrowings . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Revolving Credit Loan to the Borrowers, in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies, from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment; provided , however , that after giving effect to any Revolving Credit Borrowing, (i) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, (ii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Revolving Credit Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, (iii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans made to Designated Borrowers that are not U.S. Borrowers shall not exceed, when taken together with the aggregate outstanding amount of Additional Term Loans made to Designated Borrowers that are not U.S. Borrowers, the Designated Non-U.S. Borrower Sublimit and 

(iv) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies shall not exceed the Alternative Currency Sublimit. Within the limits of each Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.01(a) , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.01(a) . Revolving Credit Loans may be Base Rate Loans, Daily Simple SOFR Loans, Term SOFR Loans, Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as further provided herein. 
 
 (b) Term Loan Borrowing . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Term Loan Lender severally agrees to make a single loan (each such loan, a Term Loan to the Company, in Dollars, on the Closing Date in an amount not to exceed such Lender s Term Loan Commitment. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(b) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term Loans may be Base Rate Loans, Daily Simple SOFR Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as further providedherein. 

57 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

58 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 2.2 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans. 

(a) Each Revolving Credit Borrowing, each Term Loan Borrowing, each conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans shall be made upon the Company s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by: (A) telephone or (B) a Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Loan Notice. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) two Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars or of any conversion of Term SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars to Base Rate Loans, (ii) one Business Day prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, or conversion to, Daily Simple SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars or of any conversion of Daily Simple SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars to Base Rate Loans, (iii) three Business Days (or five Business Days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the requested date of any Borrowing or, in the case of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, continuation of Alternative Currency Loans and (iv) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. Each telephonic notice by the Company pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company. Each Borrowing of, or conversion to Daily Simple SOFR Loans, and each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Sections 2.03(c) and 2.04(c) , each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of 500,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 100,000 in excess thereof. Each Loan Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) whether the Company is requesting a Term Loan Borrowing, a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a conversion of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans are to be converted, (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto, (vi) if applicable, the currency of the Revolving Credit Loans to be borrowed, and (vii) if applicable, the Designated Borrower. If the Company fails to specify a currency in a Loan Notice requesting a Revolving Credit Borrowing, then the Revolving Credit Loans so requested shall be made in Dollars. If the Company fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice or if the Company fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans; provided , however , that in the case of a failure to timely request a continuation of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, such Loans shall be continued as Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans in their original currency with an Interest Period of one month. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Term SOFR Loans. If the Company requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. Except as provided pursuant to Sections 2.12(a) and 3.03 , no Revolving Credit Loan may be converted into or continued as a Revolving Credit Loan denominated in a different currency, but instead must be prepaid in the original currency of such Revolving Credit Loan and reborrowed in the other currency. 

(b) Following receipt of a Loan Notice for a Facility, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender under such Facility of the amount (and, if applicable, the currency) of its Applicable Percentage under such Facility of the applicable Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Company, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender under 

59 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 the applicable Facility of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, in each case as described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Term Loan Borrowing or a Revolving Credit Borrowing, each Lender under the applicable Facility shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office for the applicable currency not later than 1:00 p.m., in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, and not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of any Revolving Credit Loan in an Alternative Currency, in each case on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01 ), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Company or the other applicable Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of such Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Company; provided , however , that if, on the date a Loan Notice with respect to a Revolving Credit Borrowing is given by the Company, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, first , shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and, second , shall be made available to the applicable Borrower as provided above. 
 
 (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, each of a Term SOFR Loan and an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Loan. During the existence of an Event of Default, no Loans may be requested as, or converted to Daily Simple SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or requested as, converted to or continued as Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as applicable (whether in Dollars or any Alternative Currency) without the consent of the Required Lenders, and unless otherwise consented by the Required Lenders all of the then outstanding Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans shall be redenominated into Dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof and converted into Base Rate Loans on the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders of any change in Bank of America s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. 

(e) After giving effect to all Revolving Credit Borrowings, all conversions of Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Revolving Credit Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten Interest Periods in effect with respect to Revolving Credit Loans. After giving effect to all Term Loan Borrowings, all conversions of Term Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Term Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten Interest Periods in effect with respect to Term Loans. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Company, the Administrative Agent, and such Lender. 

(g) With respect to any Alternative Currency Daily Rate, Alternative Currency Term Rate, SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective 

60 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 
 2.3 Letters of Credit. 

(a) The Letter of Credit Commitment . 

(i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) each L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Revolving Credit Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03 , 

(1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies applicable to such L/C Issuer, for the account of the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with subsection (b) below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit; and 
 (B) the Revolving Credit Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Company or its Restricted Subsidiaries and any drawings thereunder; provided that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (w) the aggregate amount of the outstanding Letters of Credit issued by any L/C Issuer shall not exceed its L/C Commitment, (x) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, (y) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Each request by the Company for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Company that the L/C Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Company s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Company may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. All Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to have been issued pursuant hereto, and from and after the Closing Date shall be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions hereof. 
 
 (ii) No L/C Issuer shall issue any Letter of Credit if the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless (A) all the Revolving Credit Lenders and the applicable L/C Issuer have approved such expiry date or (B) at the time of issuance thereof, the Company shall agree to provide Cash Collateral for such Letter of Credit in an amount of at least 103 of the face amount thereof on or prior to the date that is 91 days prior to the Letter of Credit Expiration Date. 

(iii) No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: 

(A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that such L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer any 

61 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 unreimbursed loss, cost or expense that was not applicable on the Closing Date and that such L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it; 
 
 (B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally; 

(C) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than 25,000; 

(D) such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars or an Alternative Currency applicable to such L/C Issuer; 

(E) such L/C Issuer does not as of the issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit issue letters of credit in the requested currency; 

(F) any Revolving Credit Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless the L/C Issuers have entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to the L/C Issuers (in their sole discretion) with the Company or such Revolving Credit Lender to eliminate the L/C Issuers actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv )) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which the L/C Issuers have actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as they may elect in their sole discretion; 

(G) subject to Section 2.03(b)(iii) , the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance or last extension; or 

(H) such Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder. 

(iv) No L/C Issuer shall amend any Letter of Credit if such L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof. 

(v) No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) such L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. 

(vi) Each L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Revolving Credit Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and each L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included such L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to such L/C Issuer. 

62 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 
 Credit . 
 (b) 

63 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Extension Letters of 

(i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Company delivered to the applicable L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company. Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent by facsimile, by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by the applicable L/C Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to the applicable L/C Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount and currency thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit; and 

(H) such other matters as such L/C Issuer may reasonably require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as such L/C Issuer may require. Additionally, the Company shall furnish to the applicable L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as such L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may reasonably require. 
 
 (ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the applicable L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Company and, if not, such L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the applicable L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Revolving Credit Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Company (or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with such L/C Issuer s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the applicable L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage times the amount of such Letter of Credit. 

(iii) If the Company so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, each L/C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit ); provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit such L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension 

64 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non- Extension Notice Date in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the applicable L/C Issuer, the Company shall not be required to make a specific request to such L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Revolving Credit Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the applicable L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided , however , that no L/C Issuer shall permit any such extension if (A) such L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clause (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.03(a) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is seven Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Revolving Credit Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Revolving Credit Lender or the Company that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing such L/C Issuer not to permit such extension. 
 
 (iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, each L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 

(c) Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations . 

(i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer shall promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent thereof. In the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Company shall reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer in such Alternative Currency, unless (A) such L/C Issuer (at its option) shall have specified in such notice that it will require reimbursement in Dollars, or (B) in the absence of any such requirement for reimbursement in Dollars, the Company shall have notified such L/C Issuer promptly following receipt of the notice of drawing that the Company will reimburse such L/C Issuer in Dollars. In the case of any such reimbursement in Dollars of a drawing under a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the applicable L/C Issuer shall notify the Company of the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the drawing promptly following the determination thereof. Not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of any payment by the applicable L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit to be reimbursed in Dollars, or the Applicable Time on the date of any payment by such L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit to be reimbursed in an Alternative Currency (each such date, an Honor Date it being understood that unless otherwise agreed by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Company in any instance, such L/C Issuer will notify the Company of the applicable Honor Date by the Business Day immediately prior to such Honor Date), the Company shall reimburse such L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing and in the applicable currency. In the event that (A) a drawing denominated in an Alternative Currency is to be reimbursed in Dollars pursuant to the second sentence in this Section 2.03(c)(i) and (B) the Dollar amount paid by the Company, whether on or after the Honor Date, shall not be adequate on the date of that payment to purchase in accordance with normal banking procedures a sum denominated in the Alternative Currency equal to the drawing, the Company agrees, as a separate and independent obligation, to indemnify the applicable L/C Issuer for the loss resulting from its inability on that date to purchase the Alternative Currency in 

65 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 the full amount of the drawing. If the Company fails to so reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Credit Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (expressed in Dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency) (the Unreimbursed Amount ), and the amount of such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage thereof. In such event, the Company shall be deemed to have requested a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Loan Notice). Any notice given by the applicable L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
 
 (ii) Each Revolving Credit Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer, in Dollars, at the Administrative Agent s Office for Dollar-denominated payments in an amount equal to its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii) , each Revolving Credit Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Revolving Credit Loan to the Company in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the applicable L/C Issuer in Dollars. 

(iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Company shall be deemed to have incurred from the applicable L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Revolving Credit Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.03 . 

(iv) Until each Revolving Credit Lender funds its Revolving Credit Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of such L/C Issuer. 

(v) Each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c) , shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against such L/C Issuer, the Company, any Subsidiary or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default; or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided , however , that each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other 

66 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 than delivery by the Company of a Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Company to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by such L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. 
 
 (vi) If any Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii) , then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, such L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by such L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Credit Loan included in the relevant Revolving Credit Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case maybe. A certificate of the applicable L/C Issuer submitted to any Revolving Credit Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d) Repayment of Participations . 

(i) At any time after an L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Revolving Credit Lender such Lender s L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c) , if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of such L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Company or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage thereof in Dollars and in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 

(ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of any L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such L/C Issuer in its discretion), each Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such L/C Issuer its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 

(e) Obligations Absolute . The obligation of the Company to reimburse each L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit made by such L/C Issuer and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following: 

(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document; 

67 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Company or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), any L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; 

(iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; 

(iv) waiver by any L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists for such L/C Issuer s protection and not the protection of the Company or any waiver by any L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Company; 

(v) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft; 

(vi) any payment made by any L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documentsmust be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC or the ISP, as applicable; 

(vii) any payment by such L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by such L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; 

(viii) any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Alternative Currency to the Company or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally; or 

(ix) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Company or any Subsidiary; 

provided , however , that anything in the foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company may have a claim against an L/C Issuer, and an L/C Issuer may be liable to the Company, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Company which the Company proves were caused by such L/C Issuer's willful misconduct or gross negligence or such L/C Issuer's willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. 
 
 The Company shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Company s instructions or other irregularity, the Company will promptly notify the applicable L/C Issuer. The Company shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the applicable L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 
 
 68 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

69 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (f) Role of L/C Issuers . Each Lender and the Company agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, no L/C Issuer shall have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of the L/C Issuers, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of any L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Revolving Credit Lenders or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The Company hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided , however , that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Company s pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuers, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of any L/C Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (viii) of Section 2.03(e) ; provided , however , that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company may have a claim against an L/C Issuer, and an L/C Issuer may be liable to the Company, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Company which the Company proves were caused by such L/C Issuer's willful misconduct or gross negligence or such L/C Issuer's willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and no L/C Issuer shall be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. Each L/C Issuer may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication SWIFT message or overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means of communicating with a beneficiary. 

(g) Applicability of ISP; Limitation of Liability . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Company when a Letter of Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no L/C Issuer shall be responsible to the Company for, and no L/C Issuer s rights and remedies against the Company shall be impaired by, any action or inaction of such L/C Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where such L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. 

(h) Letter of Credit Fees . The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender in accordance, subject to Section 2.17 , with its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage, in Dollars, a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the Dollar Equivalent of daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. For purposes of computing the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined 

70 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 in accordance with Section 1.06 . Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the tenth Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate. 
 
 (i) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to an L/C Issuer . The Company shall pay directly to each L/C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by (A) Bank of America in its capacity as an L/C Issuer, at the rate per annum specified in the Fee Letter to which Bank of America is a party, computed on the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears and 

(B) any other L/C Issuer, at a rate separately agreed between the Company and such L/C Issuer, computed on the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . In addition, the Company shall pay directly to each L/C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. 
 
 (j) Conflict with Issuer Documents . In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. 

(k) Letters of Credit Issued for Restricted Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Restricted Subsidiary, the Company shall be obligated to reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Company. The Company irrevocably waives any and all defenses (other than the defense that any such amounts have been paid in full) that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Company hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Restricted Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Company, and that the Company s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Restricted Subsidiaries. 

(l) Letters of Credit Reports . For so long as any Letter of Credit issued by an L/C Issuer (other than Bank of America) is outstanding, such L/C Issuer shall deliver to the Administrative Agent on the last Business Day of each calendar month, and on each date that an L/C Credit Extension occurs with respect to any such Letter of Credit, a report in the form of Exhibit G , appropriately completed with the information for every outstanding Letter of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer. 

(m) Replacement of any L/C Issuer . Any L/C Issuer may be replaced at any time by written agreement between the Company, the Administrative Agent, the replaced L/C Issuer and the successor L/C Issuer. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an L/C Issuer. 

71 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Company shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(i) . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor L/C Issuer shall have all the rights and obligations of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by it thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term L/C Issuer shall be deemed to include such successor or any previous L/C Issuer, or such successor and all previous L/C Issuer, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an L/C Issuer hereunder, the replaced L/C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 
 2.4 Swing Line Loans. 

(a) The Swing Line . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Revolving Credit Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04 , may in its sole discretion, make loans (each such loan, a Swing Line Loan to the Company, in Dollars, from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations of the Lender acting as Swing Line Lender, may exceed the amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment; provided , however , that after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (i) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, and (ii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and provided , further , that the Company shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Company may borrow under this Section 2.04 , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.04 . Each Swing Line Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage times the amount of such Swing Line Loan. 

(b) Borrowing Procedures . Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the Company s irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by: (A) telephone or (B) a Swing Line Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a Swing Line Loan Notice. Each such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of 100,000, and (ii) the requested borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Each such telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a written Swing Line Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any telephonic Swing Line Loan Notice, the Swing Line Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Revolving Credit Lender) prior to 2:00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing the Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the first proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a) , or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender will, not later than 3:00 p.m. on 

72 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Company at its office by crediting the account of the Company on the books of the Swing Line Lender in Same Day Funds. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Swing Line Borrowings may be advanced without regard to the notice requirements, minimum amounts and other requirements set forth above in this Section 2.04(b) in accordance with and as set forth in any Treasury Management Agreement. 
 
 (c) Refinancing of Swing Line Loans . 

(i) The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, on behalf of the Company (which hereby irrevocably authorizes the Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Revolving Credit Lender make a Base Rate Revolving Credit Loan in an amount equal to such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the amount of Swing Line Loans then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02 , without regard to the minimum andmultiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Company with a copy of the applicable Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Revolving Credit Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the amount specified in such Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agent s Office for Dollar-denominated payments not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day specified in such Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii) , each Revolving Credit Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Revolving Credit Loan to the Company in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender. 

(ii) If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Revolving Credit Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i) , the request for Base Rate Revolving Credit Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line Lender that each of the Revolving Credit Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Revolving Credit Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 

(iii) If any Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i) , the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swing Line Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Revolving Credit Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Loan included in the relevant Revolving Credit Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

73 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (iv) Each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including 

(A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swing Line Lender, the Company or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided , however , that each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Company to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 

(d) Repayment of Participations . 

(i) At any time after any Revolving Credit Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Revolving Credit Lender its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender. 

(ii) If any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to the Swing Line Lender its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender. The obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 

(e) Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender . The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Company for interest on the Swing Line Loans. Until each Revolving Credit Lender funds its Base Rate Revolving Credit Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage shall be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender. 

(f) Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender . The Company shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender. 

2.5 Prepayments. 

(a) Optional . 

(i) Each Borrower may, upon notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent pursuant to delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Loan Prepayment, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Revolving Credit Loans and Term Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (A) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (1) two Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars, (2) three Business Days prior to any 

74 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 date of prepayment of Daily Simple SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars, (3) four Business Days (or five, in the case of prepayment of Loans denominated in Special Notice Currencies) prior to any date of prepayment of Alternative Currency Loans and (4) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans; (B) any prepayment of Daily Simple SOFR Loans or Term SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 
 1,000,000 in excess thereof; (C) any prepayment of Alternative Currency Loans shall be in a minimum principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple thereof; and (D) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date, amount and currency of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s ratable portion of such prepayment (based on such Lender s Applicable Percentage in respect of the relevant Facility). If such notice is given by the Company, the applicable Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together withany additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Each prepayment of the outstanding Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(a) shall be applied to the principal repayment installments thereof on a pro rata basis (excluding from such calculation the final payment due at maturity). Subject to Section 2.17 , each such prepayment shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages in respect of each of the relevant Facilities. 
 
 (ii) The Company may, upon notice to the Swing Line Lender pursuant to delivery to the Swing Line Lender of a Notice of Loan Prepayment (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (A) such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (B) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of 100,000. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Company, the Company shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Swing Line Borrowings may be repaid without regard to the notice requirements, minimum amounts and other requirements set forth above in this Section 2.04(a)(ii) in accordance with and as set forth in any Treasury Management Agreement. 

(b) Mandatory. 

(i) Dispositions of Property . If the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries Disposes of any property (other than any Disposition of any property permitted by Section 7.05(a) (but only to the extent the Net Cash Proceeds of any such Disposition (or series of related Dispositions) does not exceed 1,000,000), (b) , (c) , (d) , (e) , (f) or (g) which results in the realization by such Person of Net Cash Proceeds, the Company shall make (and/or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to make, subject to Section 2.14(b) mandatory prepayments and/or Cash Collateralizations in the manner set forth in subsection (v) below in an amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds immediately upon receipt thereof by such Person; provided , however , that, with respect to any Net Cash Proceeds realized under a Disposition described in this Section 2.05(b)(i) , at the election of the Company (as notified by the Company to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date of such Disposition), and so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary may 

75 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 reinvest all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds in operating assets used in the business of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries so long as (A) within 270 days after the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, a definitive agreement for the purchase of such assets shall have been entered into and (B) within 360 days after the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, such purchase shall have been consummated (as certified by the Company in writing to the Administrative Agent); and provided further , however , that an amount equal to any Net Cash Proceeds not subject to such definitive agreement or so reinvested shall be immediately applied to the mandatory prepayments and/or Cash Collateralizations as set forth in this Section 2.05(b)(i) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be permitted during each fiscal year to exclude up to 5,000,000 of the Net Cash Proceeds resulting from the Dispositions described above from the prepayment and/or Cash Collateralization requirements contemplated in this Section 2.05(b)(i) . 
 
 (ii) Incurrence of Indebtedness . Upon the incurrence or issuance by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness expressly permitted to be incurred or issued pursuant to Section 7.03 ), the Company shall make (and/or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to make, subject to Section 2.14(b) mandatory prepayments and/or Cash Collateralizations in the manner set forth in subsection (v) below in an amount equal to 100 of all Net Cash Proceeds received therefrom immediately upon receipt thereof by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary. 

(iii) Insurance and Condemnation Events . Upon the occurrence of any Insurance and Condemnation Event which results in the realization by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of Net Cash Proceeds, the Company shall make (and/or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to make, subject to Section 2.14(b) mandatory prepayments and/or Cash Collateralizations in the manner set forth in subsection (v) below in an amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds immediately upon receipt thereof by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary; provided , however , that with respect to any such Net Cash Proceeds, at the election of the Company (as notified by the Company to the Administrative Agent on or prior to thedate of receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds), and so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary may utilize such Net Cash Proceeds within 270 days after the receipt thereof to replace or repair the equipment, fixed assets or real property in respect of which such Net Cash Proceeds were received; and provided , further , however , that an amount equal to any Net Cash Proceeds not so utilized shall be immediately applied to the mandatory prepayments and/or Cash Collateralizations as set forth in this Section 2.05(b)(iii) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be permitted during each fiscal year to exclude up to 5,000,000 of the Net Cash Proceeds resulting from Insurance and Condemnation Events from the prepayment and/or Cash Collateralization requirements contemplated in this Section 2.05(b)(iii) . 

(iv) Excess Total Revolving Credit Outstandings . If for any reason the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments at such time or the Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies at such time exceeds the Alternative Currency Sublimit then in effect (in either case, other than due to currency fluctuations), the Company shall (and/or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to, subject to Section 2.14(b) promptly (and in any event within one Business Day) prepay Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans and L/C Borrowings and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. If, as a result of currency fluctuations, the Administrative Agent notifies the Company at any time that (A) the Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies at such time exceeds an amount equal to 103 of the Alternative Currency Sublimit 

76 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 then in effect, then, within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Company shall (and/or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to, subject to Section 2.14(b) prepay Revolving Credit Loans in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such Outstanding Amount as of such date of payment to an amount not to exceed 100 of the Alternative Currency Sublimit then in effect and (B) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings at any time exceed an amount equal to 103 of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments at such time, then, within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Company shall (and/or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to, subject to Section 2.14(b) prepay Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Line Loans and L/C Borrowings and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess. 
 
 (v) Application of Mandatory Prepayments . 

(A) Each prepayment and/or Cash Collateralization made pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.05(b) shall be applied, first , ratably between the principal repayment installments of the Term Loans and (unless otherwise agreed by the applicable Additional Lenders) any Additional Term Loans on a pro-rata basis (excluding from such calculation, except with respect to prepayments with respect to property Disposed of in sale-leaseback transactions pursuant to Section 7.05(h) , the final payment due at maturity), and second , to the Revolving Credit Facility in the manner set forth in subsection (v)(B) below (without a corresponding reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments). 

(B) Prepayments and/or Cash Collateralization of the Revolving Credit Facility made pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) shall be applied, first , ratably to the L/C Borrowings and the Swing Line Loans, second , ratably to the outstanding Revolving Credit Loans, and, in the case of prepayments and/or Cash Collateralization of the Revolving Credit Facility required pursuant to subsection (iv) above, third , to the Cash Collateralization of the remaining L/C Obligations. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit that has been Cash Collateralized, the funds held as Cash Collateral shall be applied (without any further action by or notice to or from the Company or any other Loan Party) to reimburse the L/C Issuer or the Revolving Credit Lenders, as applicable. 

(C) Subject to Section 2.17 , each prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages in respect of each of the relevant Facilities. 

(vi) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.05(b) to the contrary, no prepayment shall be required pursuant to (A) clause (i) , (ii) or (iii) of this Section 2.05(b) as a result of any actions of a Foreign Subsidiary if such prepayment by such Foreign Subsidiary or the upstreaming of cash by such Foreign Subsidiary in order to make such prepayment would not be permitted by local law (e.g., financial assistance, corporate benefit, restrictions on upstreaming of cash intra-group and the fiduciary and statutory duties of the directors of such Foreign Subsidiary), (B) clause (i) of this Section 2.05(b) as a result of the Disposition of assets by a Foreign Subsidiary or clause (iii) of this Section 2.05(b) as a result of the receipt of Net Cash Proceeds by a Foreign Subsidiary from an Insurance and Condemnation Event if, in either case, the Company and its Subsidiaries would suffer material adverse tax consequences (as determined in good faith by the Company) as a result of upstreaming cash to make any such prepayment (including the imposition of withholding taxes) and (C) no prepayment shall be required pursuant to (A) clause (i) or (iii) of this Section 2.05(b) if the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio as of the date such prepayment would otherwise be required (i.e. the date such Net Cash Proceeds are 

77 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 received if the Company does not provide a notice of its intent to reinvest or the date on which such reinvestment period ends) is less than 3.00 to 1.00 (calculated after giving pro forma effect to any Disposition resulting in the particular Net Cash Proceeds). 
 
 2.6 Termination or Reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments. 

(a) Optional . The Company may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, the Alternative Currency Sublimit, the Designated Non-U.S. Borrower Sublimit, the Letter of Credit Sublimit (or any L/C Issuer s commitment thereunder) or the Swing Line Sublimit, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, the Alternative Currency Sublimit, the Designated Non-U.S. Borrower Sublimit, the Letter of Credit Sublimit (or any L/C Issuer s commitment thereunder) or the Swing Line Sublimit; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. five Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction in the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments shall be in an aggregate amount of 5,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof and (iii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce (A) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, (B) the Alternative Currency Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans in Alternative Currencies would exceed the Alternative Currency Sublimit, (C) the Designated Non-U.S. Borrower Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans to Designated Borrowers that are not U.S. Borrowers would exceed the Designated Non-U.S. Borrower Sublimit, (D) the Letter of Credit Sublimit (or any L/C Issuer s commitment thereunder) if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations not fully Cash Collateralized hereunder would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit (or the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations not fully Cash Collateralized of any L/C Issuer would exceed such L/C Issuer s commitment under the Letter of Credit Sublimit).or (E) the Swing Line Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Outstanding Amount of Swing Line Loans would exceed the Swing Line Sublimit. 

(b) Mandatory . Any unused portion of the Term Commitments shall be automatically terminated upon the funding of the Term Loans on the Closing Date. 

(c) Application of Commitment Reductions; Payment of Fees . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any termination or reduction of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, the Alternative Currency Sublimit, the Designated Non-U.S. Borrower Sublimit, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit under this Section 2.06 . Upon any reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments, the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender shall be reduced by such Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of such reduction amount. All fees in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of suchtermination. 

2.7 Repayment of Loans. 

(a) Term Loans . The Company shall repay to the Term Loan Lenders the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans in quarterly principal installments as set forth on Schedule 2.07(a) (which principal amounts shall be reduced as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with the order of priority set forth in Section 2.05 ); provided , however , that the final principal repayment installment of the Term Loans shall be repaid on the Maturity Date and in any event shall be in an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans outstanding on such date. 

78 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (b) Revolving Credit Loans . Each Borrower shall repay to the Revolving Credit Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Credit Loans made to such Borrower outstanding on such date. 

(c) Swing Line Loans . The Company shall repay each Swing Line Loan on the earlier to occur of (i) the date ten Business Days after such Loan is made and (ii) the Maturity Date. At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, immediately upon the request of the Swing Line Lender, the Company shall repay the outstanding Swing Line Loans made by the Swing Line Lender in an amount sufficient to eliminate any Fronting Exposure in respect of such Swing Line Loans. 

2.8 Interest. 

(a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate; (ii) each Daily Simple SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate; (iii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate; (iv) each Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Daily Rate plus the Applicable Rate; (v) each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Term Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate; and (vi) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 

(b) (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 

(ii) While any Event of Default of the type described in Section 8.01(f) exists, the Borrowers shall pay interest on the principal amount of all of their respective outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 

(iii) If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by any Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Term Loan Lenders (in the case of the Term Loan Facility) or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders (in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility), as the case may be, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 

(iv) Upon the request of the Required Term Loan Lenders (in the case of the Term Loan Facility) or the Required Revolving Credit Lenders (in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility), as the case may be, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clauses (b)(i) , (b)(ii) and (b)(iii) above), the Borrowers shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 

79 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (v) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 

(c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 

2.9 Fees. In addition to certain fees described in subsections (h) and (i) of Section 2.03 : 

(a) Commitment Fee . The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender in accordance with its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage, a commitment fee equal to the Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount by which the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments exceed the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 

2.17 . For the avoidance of doubt, the Outstanding Amount of Swing Line Loans shall not be counted towards or considered usage of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments for purposes of determining the commitment fee. The commitment fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility. The commitment fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. 
 
 (b) Other Fees . (i) The Company shall pay to the Arranger and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letters. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reasonwhatsoever. 

(ii) The Company shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate. 

(a) All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to Daily Simple SOFR) and for Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed, or, in the case of interest in respect of Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

80 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (b) If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Company or for any other reason, the Company or the Lenders determine that (i) the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio as calculated by the Company as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, each applicable Borrower shall immediately and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuers, as the case may be, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period, subject to Section 2.14(b) . This paragraph shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under Section 2.03(c)(iii) , 2.03(h) or 2.08(b) or under Article VIII . The Borrowers obligations under this paragraph shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. 

2.11 Evidence of Debt. 

(a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register in connection with Section 10.06(c) . The accounts or records maintained by each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrowers and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of each Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the Register, the Register shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender to a Borrower made through the Administrative Agent, such Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans to such Borrower in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to a Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 

(b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a) , each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 

2.12 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback. (a) General . All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Revolving Credit Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office in such Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein. Without limiting the generality of the 

81 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require (upon reasonable notice) that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. If, for any reason, any Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, such Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage in respect of the relevant Facility (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent (i) after 2:00 p.m., in the case of payments in Dollars, or (ii) after the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency, shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by any Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
 
 (a) (i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Daily Simple SOFR Loans, Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the applicable Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to such Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by such Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans, or in the case of Alternative Currencies, in accordance with such market practice, in each case, as applicable. If such Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to such Borrower the amount of such interest paid by such Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by such Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim such Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 

(ii) Payments by Borrowers; Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Borrower prior to the time at which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or an L/C Issuer hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Revolving Credit Lenders, the Term Loan Lenders or L/C Issuers, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if such Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Revolving Credit Lenders, the Term Loan Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuers, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate. 

82 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or such L/C Issuer hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount ): (1) the applicable Borrower has not in fact made such payment; (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by such Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Administrative Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the Revolving Credit Lenders, the Term Loan Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuers, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbankcompensation. 
 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 
 (b) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender to any Borrower as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to such Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 

(c) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Revolving Credit Loans and Term Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) . 

(d) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 

2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of (a) Obligations in respect of any of the Facilities due and payable to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations due and payable to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations in respect of the Facilities due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time) of payments on account of the Obligations in respect of the Facilities due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all the Lenders at such time or (b) Obligations in respect of any of the Facilities owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations owing (but not due and payable) to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the Obligations in respect of the Facilities owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time) of payments on account of the Obligations in respect of the Facilities owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all of the Lenders at such time, then, in each case under clauses (a) and (b) above, the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (A) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and 

83 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (B) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of Obligations in respect of the Facilities then due and payable to the Lenders or owing (but not due and payable) to the Lenders, as the case may be, provided that: 

(i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 

(ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of a Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), 

(y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.17 , or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 
 
 Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 
 2.14 Designated Borrowers. 

(a) The Company may at any time, upon not less than fifteen (15) Business Days notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), designate any wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary of the Company (an Applicant Borrower as a Designated Borrower to receive Revolving Credit Loans hereunder by delivering to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly deliver counterparts thereof to each Revolving Credit Lender) a duly executed notice and agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit H (a Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement ). The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that prior to any Applicant Borrower becoming entitled to utilize the Revolving Credit Facility (i) the Administrative Agent and each Revolving Credit Lender shall have approved such Applicant Borrower as a Designated Borrower and received at least five Business Days prior to such date all documentation and other information that such Person requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each Revolving Credit Lender shall have received such supporting resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other documents or information, in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that the forms delivered on the Closing Date are acceptable for a Domestic Subsidiary), and (iii) each Revolving Credit Lender shall have received Revolving Credit Notes signed by such new Borrowers to the extent requested thereby. If the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Credit Lenders agree that an Applicant Borrower shall be entitled to receive Revolving Credit Loans hereunder, then promptly following receipt of all such requested resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other documents or information, the Administrative Agent shall send a notice in substantially the form of Exhibit I (a Designated Borrower Notice to the Company and the Revolving Credit Lenders specifying the effective date upon which the Applicant Borrower shall constitute a Designated Borrower for purposes hereof, whereupon 

84 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 each of the Revolving Credit Lenders agrees to permit such Designated Borrower to receive Revolving Credit Loans hereunder, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and each of the parties agrees that such Designated Borrower otherwise shall be a Borrower for all purposes of this Agreement; provided that no Loan Notice or Letter of Credit Application may be submitted by or on behalf of such Designated Borrower until the date five (5) Business Days after such effective date; and provided further that, effective as of the date hereof, the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Credit Lenders hereby agree that each of the Netherlands Designated Borrowers may become a Designated Borrower hereunder and may receive Revolving Credit Loans for its account on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, in each case upon delivery of a duly executed Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement and satisfaction of the conditions set forth in clauses (i) through (iii) of the second sentence this Section 2.14(a) and Section 6.12 without any requirement of further written consent from the Administrative Agent or the Revolving Credit Lenders. Additionally, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may in connection with any request pursuant to Section 2.15 , designate any wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary of the Company as a Designated Borrower to receive Additional Term Loans hereunder, and the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that prior to any such Restricted Subsidiary becoming entitled to borrow any Additional Term Loans the Administrative Agent and each Additional Lender providing such Additional Term Loan shall have approved such Restricted Subsidiary as a Designated Borrower and received items of the type described in clauses (i) through (iii) of the second sentence this Section 2.14(a) and such Restricted Subsidiary shall have complied with Section6.12 . 
 
 (b) The Obligations of each U.S. Borrower shall be joint and several in nature. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, the Obligations of any Foreign Subsidiary that may become a Loan Party hereunder (including any Designated Borrowers that are Foreign Subsidiaries) shall be several in nature and not joint with the Obligations of any U.S. Loan Party and no Foreign Subsidiary shall provide any Guarantee in respect of any Obligations of any U.S. Loan Party. 

(c) Each Subsidiary of the Company that is or becomes a Designated Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.14 hereby irrevocably appoints the Company as its agent for all purposes relevant to this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, including (i) the giving and receipt of notices, (ii) the execution and delivery of all documents, instruments and certificates contemplated herein and all modifications hereto, and (iii) the receipt of the proceeds of any Loans made by the Lenders to any such Designated Borrower hereunder. Any acknowledgment, consent, direction, certification or other action which might otherwise be valid or effective only if given or taken by all Borrowers, or by each Borrower acting singly, shall be valid and effective if given or taken only by the Company, whether or not any such other Borrower joins therein. Any notice, demand, consent, acknowledgement, direction, certification or other communication delivered to the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been delivered to each Designated Borrower. 

(d) The Company may from time to time, upon not less than fifteen (15) Business Days notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), terminate a Designated Borrower s status as such, provided that there are no outstanding Loans payable by such Designated Borrower, or other amounts payable by such Designated Borrower on account of any Loans made to it, as of the effective date of such termination. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such termination of a Designated Borrower s status. 

2.15 Increase Option. 

(a) Request for Increase . Upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), at any time after the Closing Date, the Company may request additional 

85 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Commitments (each an Additional Commitment and all of them, collectively, the Additional Commitments ); provided that (x) after giving effect to any such addition, the aggregate amount of Additional Commitments that have been added pursuant to this Section 2.15 after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date shall not exceed the Additional Commitments Limit, (y) any such addition shall be in an aggregate amount of not less than 10,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or, in either case, such lesser amount as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent) and (z) after giving effect to any such addition, the aggregate outstanding amount of Additional Term Loans made to Designated Borrowers that are not U.S. Borrowers shall not exceed, when taken together with the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans made to Designated Borrowers that are not 
 U.S. Borrowers, 50,000,000. Any loans made in respect of any such Additional Commitments (the Additional Loans may be made, at the option of the Company, by either (i) increasing the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments with the same terms (including pricing) as the existing Revolving Credit Facility, or (ii) creating a new tranche of terms loans (any loans provided pursuant to such additional tranche, the Additional Term Loans (it being understood that the Company has the absolute right to pursue Additional Commitments in accordance with this Section 2.15 and no Lender shall have the ability to block any such pursuit although no Lender shall be obligated to provide any Additional Commitments); provided that no increase in the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments shall (A) increase the Swing Line Sublimit without the consent of the Swing Line Lender, (B) increase the Letter of Credit Sublimit (or change the allocation of the Letter of Credit Sublimit among the L/C Issuers) without the consent of the L/C Issuers or (C) increase the Alternative Currency Sublimit or the Designated Non-U.S. Borrower Sublimit, in either case, without the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders. 
 
 (b) Ranking and Other Provisions . The Additional Term Loans shall (i) rank pari passu in right of payment and in respect of lien priority as to the Collateral with the outstanding Loans, (ii) not have a weighted average life that is shorter than the weighted average life of the outstanding Term Loans, 

(iii) not mature earlier than the Maturity Date, and (iv) not contain additional or different financial or other covenants which are more restrictive in any material respect than the covenants applicable to the Term Loans unless such covenants (i) benefit all of the Lenders, (ii) only apply after the Maturity Date or (iii) are otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent. 

(c) Notices; Lender Elections . Each notice from the Company pursuant to this Sectionshall set forth the requested amount and proposed terms of the Additional Commitments. Additional Commitments (or any portion thereof) may be made by any existing Lender or by any other bank or financial institution that is an Eligible Assignee (any such bank or other financial institution, together with any existing Lenders making any Additional Loans, the Additional Lenders ), in each case on terms permitted in this Section and otherwise on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. At the time of the sending of such notice, the Company (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders). No Lender shall be obligated to provide any Additional Loans, unless it so agrees. Each Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to provide an Additional Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Percentage of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to provide an Additional Commitment. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and each Lender of the Lenders responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase, the Company may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

(d) Additional Commitment Amendment . Additional Commitments shall become Commitments under this Agreement pursuant to an amendment (an Additional Commitment 

86 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Amendment to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrowers, the other Loan Parties, each Additional Lender and the Administrative Agent. An Additional Commitment Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to any Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section (including, without limitation, to incorporate the Additional Loans and Additional Commitments into the calculation of the Required Lenders , Required Facility Lenders and related provisions). Upon execution, the Administrative Agent shall provide a copy of any Additional Commitment Amendment to all Lenders. 
 
 (e) Effective Date and Allocations . If any Additional Commitments are added in accordance with this Section 2.15 , the Administrative Agent and the Company shall determine the effective date (each, an Additional Commitments Closing Date and the final allocation thereof. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company, the existing Lenders and the Additional Lenders of the final allocation of such addition and the Additional Commitments Closing Date. 

(f) Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase . The effectiveness of any Additional Commitment Amendment shall, unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent and each Additional Lender, be subject to the satisfaction on the Additional Commitments Closing Date of each of the following conditions: 

(i) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and in each of the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct on and as of the Additional Commitments Closing Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date and except that for purposes of this Section 2.15 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 ; 

(ii) no Default shall exist as of the Additional Commitments Closing Date, and no Default shall occur on the Additional Commitments Closing Date as a result of making any Credit Extension in connection with the Additional Commitments or from the application of the proceeds thereof; 

(iii) after giving effect to such Additional Commitment Amendment, the Indebtedness to be incurred in connection therewith (assuming, in the case of any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, that such Additional Commitments and all other Revolving Credit Commitments are fully drawn) and, if applicable, the Permitted Acquisition consummated in connection therewith, the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in pro forma compliance with all of the covenants set forth in Section 7.11 , such compliance to be determined on the basis of financial information for the fiscal period most recently ended for which financial information is available and calculated in accordance with Section1.07 ; 

(iv) the Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following, each dated the applicable Additional Commitments Closing Date unless otherwise indicated or agreed to by the Administrative Agent and each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: (A) the applicable Additional Commitment Amendment (and such other documents contemplated to be delivered in connection therewith); and (B) a certificate of each Loan Party signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by the board of directors (or other appropriate governing body) of such Loan Party approving or consenting to the Additional Commitment Amendment and the Additional Commitments provided thereby, and in the case of the Company, certifying as to the satisfaction 

87 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 of the conditions set forth in the foregoing subsections (i) , (ii) and (iii) and certifying that such Additional Commitments do not exceed the Additional Commitments Limit (and, if applicable, providing the calculations in support thereof); 
 
 (v) there shall have been paid to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (including any Person becoming a Lender as part of such Additional Commitment Amendment on the related Additional Commitments Closing Date), as applicable, all fees and expenses (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of counsel) that are due and payable on or before the Additional Commitments Closing Date; and 

(vi) (A) upon the reasonable request of any Lender made at least five Business Days prior to the Additional Commitments Closing Date, the Company shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money- laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Act, in each case at least three Business Days prior to the Increase Effective Date and (B) at least three Business Days prior to the Additional Commitments Closing Date, any Loan Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have delivered, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party. 

(g) Effect of Additional Commitment Amendment . On each Additional Commitments Closing Date, (i) each Eligible Assignee which is providing an Additional Commitment shall become a Lender for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) each Additional Commitment shall become Commitments hereunder, (iii) each loan provided pursuant to an Additional Commitment shall be a Loan for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and 

(iv) in the case of any increase of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, the Company shall prepay any Revolving Credit Loans outstanding (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Revolving Credit Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Revolving Credit Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Revolving Credit Commitments under this Section. 

(h) Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or 10.01 to the contrary. 

2.16 Cash Collateral. 

(a) Certain Credit Support Events . If (i) any L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing, (ii) as of the close of business on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, (iii) the Company shall be required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 8.02(c) , or (iv) there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, the Company shall immediately (in the case of clause (iii) above) or within one Business Day (in all other cases) following any request by the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to clause (iv) above, after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender) and, in the case of clause (iii) above, if applicable, Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the maximum potential drawings under Secured Permitted Bilateral Letters of Credit. Additionally, if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company at any time that the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations at such time exceeds 103 of the Letter of Credit Sublimit then in effect, then, within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Company shall provide Cash Collateral for the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations in 

88 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 an amount not less than the amount by which the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations exceeds the Letter of Credit Sublimit. 
 
 (b) Grant of Security Interest . The Company, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers, the Lenders and the PSLOC Banks, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.16(c) . If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers, the Lenders and the PSLOC Banks as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount or the maximum potential drawings under Secured Permitted Bilateral Letters of Credit, as applicable, the Company will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America. The Company shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. 

(c) Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.16 or Sections 2.03 , 2.05 , 2.17 or 8.02 in respectof Letters of Credit or Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by any Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided (including obligations under Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit), prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 

(d) Release . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi) )) or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided , however , (x) any such release shall be without prejudice to, and any disbursement or other transfer of Cash Collateral shall be and remain subject to, any other Lien conferred under the Loan Documents and the other applicable provisions of the Loan Documents, and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the L/C Issuers may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or otherobligations. 

2.17 Defaulting Lenders. 

(a) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: 

(i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders , Required Revolving Credit Lenders , Required Term Loan Lenders and Section 10.01 . 

89 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 , shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.16 ; fourth, as the Company may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.16 ; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers or the Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Company as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Company against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders under the applicable Facility on a pro rata basis (and ratably among all applicable Facilities computed in accordance with the Defaulting Lenders respective funding deficiencies) prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender under the applicable Facility until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.17(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

(iii) Certain Fees . 

(A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Company shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 

(B) Each Defaulting Lender which is a Revolving Credit Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Revolving Credit 

90 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.16 . 
 
 (C) With respect to any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) or any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Company shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender which is a Revolving Credit Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y) pay to the Swing Line Lender and the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuer s or the Swing Line Lender s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 

(iv) Reallocation of Applicable Revolving Credit Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders which are Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Revolving Credit Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non- Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment. Subject to Section 10.22 , no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non- Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following suchreallocation. 

(v) Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swing Line Loans . If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Company shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, (x) first, prepay Swing Line Loans in an amount equal to the Swing Line Lender s Fronting Exposure and 

(y) second, Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.16 . 
 
 (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Company, the Administrative Agent, and, in the case that a Defaulting Lender is a Revolving Credit Lender, the Swing Line Lender and the L/C Issuers agree in writing in their sole discretion that a Lender under any Facility is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders under such Facility or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans under such Facility and, in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility, the funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders under such Facility in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) ), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Company while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 

91 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (c) New Swing Line Loans/Letters of Credit . So long as any Revolving Credit Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swing Line Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Line Loans unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such Swing Line Loan and (ii) no L/C Issuer shall be required to issue, extend, increase, reinstate or renew any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto. 

2.18 Designation of Unrestricted and Restricted Subsidiaries. 

(a) At any time on or after the Closing Date, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent (which written notice shall contain a certification as to the matters set forth in this Section 2.18(a) ), the Company may designate any Restricted Subsidiary (along with all Subsidiaries of such Restricted Subsidiary) as an Unrestricted Subsidiary provided that (i) both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to such designation, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (ii) the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary must be permitted at such time under Section 7.02(f) or (i) (with the amount of such Investment being deemed to be the fair market value of the net assets of such Subsidiary at the time such Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary), 

(iii) once designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, the Company may re-designate such Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 2.18(b) , but, thereafter, the Company shall not re-designate such Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to this Section 2.18(a) , (iv) no Subsidiarymay be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or continue as an Unrestricted Subsidiary (A) if it is a Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor (unless, in the case of a Subsidiary Guarantor, concurrently with such designation it ceases to be a Subsidiary Guarantor) or (B) unless each of its direct and indirect Subsidiaries is also designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to this Section 2.18(a) , (v) after giving effect to such designation, the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be in pro forma compliance with the covenants set forth in Section 7.11 , such compliance to be determined on the basis of financial information for the fiscal period most recently ended for which financial information is available and calculated in accordance with Section 1.07 , and (vi) the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries (excluding the proposed Unrestricted Subsidiary) shall at the time of the designation represent, on a consolidated basis (and without taking into account the assets or revenues of any Unrestricted Subsidiary (including the proposed Unrestricted Subsidiary) or the value of any Investment therein) at least 90 of the Consolidated Total Assets and 90 of the consolidated total revenues of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary on or after the Closing Date shall constitute an Investment (with the amount of such Investment being deemed to be the fair market value of the net assets of such Subsidiary at the time such Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary) by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary therein at the date of designation. 
 
 (b) At any time after the Closing Date and upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company may re-designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary provided that 

(i) no Subsidiary holding or owning Equity Interests in such re-designated Restricted Subsidiary shall be an Unrestricted Subsidiary (unless also being re-designated at such time) and (ii) both before and after giving effect to such designation, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. The re- designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute (i) the incurrence at the time of such re-designation of any Investment, Indebtedness or Liens of such re-designated Restricted Subsidiary existing at such time and (ii) a return on any Investment by the Company or other applicable Restricted Subsidiary in such re-designated Restricted Subsidiary in an amount equal to the fair market value at the date of such re-designation of the Company s or its Restricted Subsidiary s (as applicable) Investment in such re-designated Restricted Subsidiary. 

(c) Any designation of a Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or a Restricted Subsidiary shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company that each of the requirements in Section 2.18(a) or Section 2.18(b) , as applicable, are satisfied in all respects. 

92 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (d) The Unrestricted Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date are set forth on Schedule 2.18 . 

(e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, in no event shall (i) any Subsidiary be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if it, or if any of its Subsidiaries, owns or holds (including by way of an exclusive license or otherwise) any intellectual property or any other assets material to any Loan Party s business or (ii) (A) any Unrestricted Subsidiary, or any of its Subsidiaries, own or hold (including by way of an exclusive license or otherwise) or (B) the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary transfer (including by way of an exclusive license or otherwise) to any Unrestricted Subsidiary, or any of its Subsidiaries, any material intellectual property or any other assets material to any Loan Party s business. 

ARTICLE III. 
 TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 
 3.1 Taxes. 

(a) Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes . 

(i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent or such Loan Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, if any. 

(ii) If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) the Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by the Administrative Agent to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, if any, (B) the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 

(iii) If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Laws other than the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then 

(A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and 
 (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to 

93 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers . Without limiting the provisions of subsection 

(a) above, each Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(c) Tax Indemnifications . 

(i) The Company shall, and does hereby, indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 Business Days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A reasonably detailed certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender or an L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Borrower shall, and does hereby, indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 Business Days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender or an L/C Issuer for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below. 

(ii) Each Lender and each L/C Issuer shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 Business Days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer (but only to the extent that any Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of each Borrower to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Borrower in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii) . 

(d) Evidence of Payments . Upon request by the Company or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by any Borrower or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Company, as the case may be, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Company or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be. 

94 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (e) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation . 

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, and at the time prescribed by applicable Law, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law or the taxing authorities of a jurisdiction pursuant to such applicable law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation either (A) set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below or (B) required by applicable law other than the Code or the taxing authorities of the jurisdiction pursuant to such applicable law to comply with the requirements for exemption or reduction of withholding tax in that jurisdiction) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W- 8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(II) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 

95 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable; or 

(IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3 , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

(iii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(f) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or an L/C 

96 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

97 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or any L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Borrower or with respect to which any Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to such Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by a Borrower under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that each Borrower, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to any Borrower pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to any Borrower or any other Person. 
 
 (g) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or an L/C Issuer, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 

3.2 Illegality. If any Lender determines in good faith that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to a Relevant Rate or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to engage in reverse repurchase of U.S. Treasury securities transactions of the type included in the determination of SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon a Relevant Rate or to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, any Alternative Currency in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Company (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or maintain Alternative Currency Loans in the affected currency or currencies or, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, to make or maintain Daily Simple SOFR Loans or Term SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Daily Simple SOFR Loans or Term SOFR Loans shall be, in each case, suspended, and 

(b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Daily Simple SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Daily Simple SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrowers shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay all Daily Simple SOFR Loans, Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans, as applicable, in the affected currency or currencies or, if applicable and such Loans are denominated in Dollars, convert all Daily Simple SOFR Loans or Term SOFR Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Daily Simple SOFR component of the Base Rate), in each case, immediately, or, in the case of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, on the last day of the Interest Period therefor if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loans to such day and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR, 

98 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 as applicable, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Daily Simple SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon Daily Simple SOFR or SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
 
 3.3 Inability to Determine Rates. 

(a) If in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan, a Daily Simple SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan or a conversion of Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans or a continuation of any of such Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate for the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency has been determined in accordance with Section 3.03(b) and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 3.03(b) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred with respect to such Relevant Rate (as applicable), or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR or the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency, in each case, for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period, as applicable, with respect to a proposed Daily Simple SOFR Loan, Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason that Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR or the Relevant Rate with respect to a proposed Loan denominated in an Agreed Currency, in each case, for any requested Interest Period or determination date(s) does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Company and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Daily Simple SOFR Loans, Term SOFR Loans or Loans in the affected currencies, as applicable, or to convert Base Rate Loans to Daily Simple SOFR Loans or Term SOFR Loans, shall be suspended in each case to the extent of the affected Daily Simple SOFR Loans, Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Daily Simple SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in clause 

(ii) of this Section 3.03(a) , until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrowers may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to, or continuation of Daily Simple SOFR Loans, Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans to the extent of the affected Daily Simple SOFR Loans, Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount specified therein and (ii) (A) any outstanding Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately and (B) any outstanding affected Alternative Currency Loans, at the Company s election, shall either (1) be converted into a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such outstanding Alternative Currency Loan immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or (2) be prepaid in full immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan; provided that if no election is made by the Company (x) in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, by the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Company of such notice or (y) in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, by the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the Company shall be deemed to have elected clause (1) above. 

99 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (b) Replacement of Relevant Rate or Successor Rate . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Company or the Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent in writing (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Company) that the Company or the Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: 

(i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency because none of the tenors of such Relevant Rate (including any forward- looking term rate thereof) is available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(ii) the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency (including any forward- looking term rate thereof) shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans denominated in such Agreed Currency, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, in each case, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide such representative tenor(s) of the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency (the latest date on which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date ); or 

(iii) syndicated loans currently being executed and agented in the U.S., are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency; 

or if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b)(i) , (ii) or (iii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then, reasonably promptly after such determination by the Administrative Agent or receipt by the Administrative Agent of such notice, as applicable, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency or any then current Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency in accordance with this Section 3.03 with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such benchmarks, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a Successor Rate ), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Company unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 
 
 The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Company and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 
 
 Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 

100 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 
 In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Company and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 
 3.4 Increased Costs. 

(a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or any L/C Issuer; 

(ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 

(iii) impose on any Lender or any L/C Issuer or any applicable interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Daily Simple SOFR Loans, Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any Loan), or to increasethe cost to such Lender or such L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), in each of the foregoing cases, by an amount deemed material by such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as applicable, then, upon request of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, the Company will pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender or any L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or such L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company with respect to capital 

101 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 adequacy), in each of the foregoing cases, by an amount deemed material by such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as applicable, then from time to time the Company will pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 
 (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender or an L/C Issuer setting forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Company shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 

(d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s right to demand such compensation, provided that no Borrower shall be required to compensate a Lender or an L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 

3.5 Compensation for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Company shall promptly compensate (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to compensate) such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expense actually incurred by it as a result of: 

(a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period, as applicable, for such Loan, if applicable (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 

(b) any failure by any Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Company or the applicable Designated Borrower; 

(c) any failure by any Borrower to make payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereon) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency; or 

(d) any assignment of a Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 10.13 ; 

including any loss of anticipated profits, any foreign exchange losses and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract. The Company shall also pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 

102 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Company (or applicable Designated Borrower) to the Lenders under this Section 3.05 , each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan made by it at the Alternative Currency Term Rate or Term SOFR, as applicable, for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the offshore interbank market for such currency for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan was in fact so funded. 
 
 3.6 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 

(a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . Each Lender may make any Credit Extension to a Borrower through any Lending Office, provided that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of any Borrower to repay the Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or requires any Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender, any L/C Issuer, or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or any L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then at the request of the Company such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be. The Company hereby agrees to pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) all reasonable costs and out- of-pocket expenses incurred by any Lender or any L/C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

(b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if any Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a) , the Company may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 . 

3.7 Survival. All of the Borrowers obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation of the Administrative Agent. 

ARTICLE IV. 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 
 4.1 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension. The obligation of each L/C Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) Documentation . The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders: 

103 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement, the Guaranties, the U.S. Security Agreement and the U.S. Pledge Agreement; 

(ii) Notes executed by the Borrowers in favor of each Lender requesting Notes; 

(iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party; 

(iv) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each Loan Party is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in its jurisdiction of organization; 

(v) favorable opinions of counsel to the Loan Parties addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as to the matters concerning the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request; 

(vi) [reserved]; 

(vii) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying (A) that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied, (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since December 31, 2018 that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (C) a calculation of the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio as of the Closing Date; 

(viii) a certificate of the chief financial officer of the Company as to the Solvency of the Company and the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated on the Closing Date and the Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith; 

(ix) searches of UCC filings in the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation, as applicable, of each Loan Party and copies of the financing statements on file in such jurisdictions; 

(x) delivery of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements suitable in form and substance for filing in all places required by applicable Law to perfect the Liens of the Administrative Agent under the Collateral Documents as a first priority Lien as to items of Collateral in which a security interest may be perfected by the filing of financing statements, and such other documents and/or evidence of other actions as may be reasonably necessary under applicable Law to perfect the Liens of the Administrative Agent under such Collateral Documents as a first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Liens) in and to such other Collateral as the Administrative Agent may require including without limitation the delivery by the Loan Parties of stock or membership certificates, if any, evidencing the Equity Interests pledged pursuant to the Collateral Documents and undated stock or transfer powers duly executed in blank; in each case to the extent such Equity Interests are certificated; and 

(xi) such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or the Lenders reasonably may require. 

104 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (b) Insurance . The Company shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent evidence of insurance coverage on the Company s and each Restricted Subsidiary s property satisfying the requirements of Section 6.07 , and where required by the Administrative Agent, with loss payable endorsements in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

(c) PATRIOT Act, etc . The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received at least five Business Days prior to the Closing Date (i) all documentation and other information requested by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, in order to comply with its obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Act, and (ii) with respect to any Loan Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party. 

(d) Absence of Litigation . There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the actual knowledge of the Company after reasonable inquiry, threatened in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated thereby. 

(e) Financial Information . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) the Audited Financial Statements, (ii) all interim financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries from and the after the Audited Financial Statements through the most recent quarter for which financial statements are available and (iii) such projections and forecasts prepared by management of the Company as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 

(f) Existing Credit Agreement . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that, concurrently with the closing, (i) all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the term loan under the Existing Credit Agreement have been paid in full, (ii) all amounts owing under the Existing Credit Agreement to lenders thereunder who elect not to become Lenders hereunder, if any, has been paid in full and (iii) all accrued and unpaid interest andfees owing to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under the Existing Credit Agreement have been paid infull. 

(g) Fees . Any fees required to be paid to the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or the Lenders on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid. 

(h) Legal Fees and Expenses . Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Company shall have paid all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursementsof counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date (or otherwise reflected in a settlement statement approved by the Company), plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Company and the Administrative Agent or itscounsel). 

Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 9.03 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 

105 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 4.2 Conditions to all Credit Extensions. The obligation of each Lender and each L/C Issuer to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent: 

(a) The representations and warranties of the Borrowers and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document or in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any such representation and warranty that is subject to materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifications, in all respects) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any such representation and warranty that is subject to materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifications, in all respects) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02 , the representations and warranties contained in Sections 5.05(a) and (b) shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b) , respectively. 

(b) No Default shall exist or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or the application of the proceeds thereof. 

(c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the applicable L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirementshereof. 

(d) If the applicable Borrower is a Designated Borrower, then the conditions of Section 2.14 to the designation of such Borrower as a Designated Borrower shall have been met to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent. 

(e) In the case of a Credit Extension to be denominated in an Alternative Currency, such currency remains an Eligible Currency. 

Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans) submitted by the Company shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 

ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 Except as otherwise provided in Section 5.23 , each Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 
 
 5.1 Existence, Qualification and Power. Each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary thereof (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c) , to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

106 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 5.2 Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien (other than the creation of a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent under the Collateral Documents) under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject, except in each case referred to in this clause (b)(i) where such breach or contravention could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority; or (c) violate any Law in any material respect. 

5.3 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with (a) the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) the grant by any Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (c) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Collateral Documents (including the first priority nature thereof, subject to Permitted Liens) or (d) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of its rights under the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents, in each case, other than (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and (ii) for approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, other actions, notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain or make could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.4 Binding Effect. This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

5.5 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect. 

(a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; 

(ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations, cash flows and changes in shareholders equity for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (iii) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness that would be required to be disclosed in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 (b) The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries dated March 31, 2019, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations, cash flows and changes in shareholders equity for the period covered 

107 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) , to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. 
 
 (c) Since December 31, 2020, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(d) The consolidated forecasted balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(c) were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were believed to be reasonable at the time of delivery of such forecasts (it being understood that such forecasts are subject to uncertainties and contingencies, some of which are beyond the control of the Company, that no assurance can be given that any particular forecast will be realized, that actual results may differ and that such differences may be material). 

5.6 Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the actual knowledge of the Company after reasonable inquiry, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) either individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.7 No Default. Neither any Loan Party nor any Restricted Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

5.8 Ownership of Property; Liens. Each of the Company and each Restricted Subsidiary has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or material to the conduct of its business, except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The property of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries is subject to no Liens, other than Liens permitted by Section 7.01 . 

5.9 Environmental Compliance. The Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries conduct in the ordinary course of business a review of the effect of existing Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective businesses, operations and properties, and as a result thereof the Company has reasonably concluded that such Environmental Laws and claims could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.10 Insurance. The properties of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of any Borrower, in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Company or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary operates. 

5.11 Taxes. The Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries have filed all Federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate 

108 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. There is no written proposed tax assessment against the Company or any Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is party to any tax sharing agreement by or among any one or more other Loan Parties or Subsidiaries that has not been disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, commercial agreements with third parties entered into in the ordinary course of business one of the principal purposes of which is not tax. 
 
 5.12 ERISA Compliance. 

(a) Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state laws. Each Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service or is permitted to rely on an opinion letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the form of such Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, or an application for such a determination letter is currently being processed by the Internal Revenue Service. To the best knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred that would prevent or cause the loss of such tax-qualified status. 

(b) There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) (i) No ERISA Event has occurred, and neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan, which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; (ii) the Company and each ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Pension Plan, except as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained; (iii) as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is 60 or higher and neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage for any such plan to drop below 60 as of the most recent valuation date; (iv) neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability to the PBGC other than for the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due that are unpaid; (v) neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA; and (vi) no Pension Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator, which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount and no Pension Plan has been terminated by the PBGC, and no event or circumstance has occurred or exists that could reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Plan. 

(d) Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate maintains or contributes to, or has any unsatisfied obligation to contribute to, or liability under, any active or terminated Pension Plan other than 

109 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (i) on the Closing Date, those listed on Schedule 5.12(d) and (ii) thereafter, Pension Plans not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement. 

(e) With respect to each scheme or arrangement mandated by a government other than the United States (a Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement and with respect to each employee benefit plan maintained or contributed to by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not subject to United States law (a Foreign Plan ): 

(i) any employer and employee contributions required by law or by the terms of any Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement or any Foreign Plan have been made, or, if applicable, accrued, in accordance with normal accounting practices; 

(ii) except as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the fair market value of the assets of each funded Foreign Plan, the liability of each insurer for any Foreign Plan funded through insurance or the book reserve established for any Foreign Plan, together with any accrued contributions, is sufficient to procure or provide for the accrued benefit obligations, as of the date hereof, with respect to all current and former participants in such Foreign Plan according to the actuarial assumptions and valuations most recently used to account for such obligations in accordance with applicable generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(iii) each Foreign Plan required to be registered has been registered and has been maintained in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities. 

5.13 Subsidiaries; Equity Investments; Loan Parties. As of the Closing Date, the Company has no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 , and all of the outstanding Equity Interests of each Restricted Subsidiary have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable (to the extent such concept is applicable) and are owned by a Loan Party in the amounts specified on Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 free and clear of all Liens except those created under the Collateral Documents. As of the Closing Date, the Company has no equity investments in any other corporation or entity other than those specifically disclosed in Part (b) of Schedule 5.13 . All of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Company have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. Part (c) of Schedule 

5.13 sets forth the name, jurisdiction of organization and U.S. taxpayer identification number of each Loan Party (or, in the case of any Foreign Obligor, the unique identification number of such Person that has been issued by its jurisdiction of organization) as of the Closing Date. 

5.14 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act. 

(a) No Borrower is engaged or will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. 

(b) None of the Company, any Person Controlling the Company, or any Restricted Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

5.15 Disclosure. No report, financial statement, certificate or other written information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connectionwith the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), when taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, 

110 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 not misleading in any material respect; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Company represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed, when taken as a whole, to be reasonable at the time delivered (it being understood that any projected financial information is subject to uncertainties and contingencies, some of which are beyond the control of the Company, that no assurance can be given that any particular projected financial information will be realized, that actual results may differ and that such differences may be material). 
 
 5.16 Compliance with Laws. Each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary thereof is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.17 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. The Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all of the material trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights (collectively, IP Rights that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, without infringing upon the rights of any other Person. To the best knowledge of the Company, no slogan or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary infringes upon any rights held by any other Person. No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.18 OFAC. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company and its Subsidiaries, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by one or more individuals or entities that are (a) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (b) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals or HMT s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority or (c) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. The Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions and have, in their reasonable business judgment, instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Sanctions. 

5.19 Solvency. The Loan Parties, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. 

5.20 [Reserved.] 

5.21 Labor Matters. Except for those listed on Schedule 5.21 , there are no collective bargaining agreements or Multiemployer Plans covering the employees of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date. Neither the Company nor any Restricted Subsidiary has suffered any strikes, walkouts, work stoppages or other material labor difficulty within the last fiveyears. 

5.22 Collateral Documents. The provisions of the Collateral Documents are effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a legal, valid and enforceable first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) on all right, title and interest of the respective Loan Parties in the Collateral described therein. Except for filings completed on or prior to the Closing Date and as contemplated hereby and by the Collateral Documents, no filing or other action will be necessary to perfect or protect such Liens. 

111 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 5.23 Representations as to Foreign Obligors. Each of the Company and each Foreign Obligor represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 

(a) Such Foreign Obligor is subject to civil and commercial Laws with respect to its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party (collectively as to such Foreign Obligor, the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents ), and the execution, delivery and performance by such Foreign Obligor of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents constitute and will constitute private and commercial acts and not public or governmental acts. Neither such Foreign Obligor nor any of its property has any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) under the laws of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Obligor is organized and existing in respect of its obligations under the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents. 

(b) The Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents are in proper legal form under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Obligor is organized and existing for the enforcement thereof against such Foreign Obligor under the Laws of such jurisdiction, and to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability, priority or admissibility in evidence of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents. It is not necessary to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability, priority or admissibility in evidence of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents that the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents be filed, registered or recorded with, or executed or notarized before, any court or other authority in the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Obligor is organized and existing or that any registration charge or stamp or similar tax be paid on or in respect of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents or any other document, except for (i) any such filing, registration, recording, execution or notarization as has been made or is not required to be made until the Applicable Foreign Obligor Document or any other document is sought to be enforced and (ii) any charge or tax as has been timely paid. 

(c) There is no tax, levy, impost, duty, fee, assessment or other governmental charge, or any deduction or withholding, imposed by any Governmental Authority in or of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Obligor is organized and existing either (i) on or by virtue of the execution or delivery of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents or (ii) on any payment to be made by such Foreign Obligor pursuant to the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents, except as has been disclosed to the Administrative Agent. 

(d) The execution, delivery and performance of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents executed by such Foreign Obligor are, under applicable foreign exchange control regulations of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Obligor is organized and existing, not subject to any notification or authorization except (i) such as have been made or obtained or (ii) such as cannot be made or obtained until a later date provided that any notification or authorization described in clause (ii) shall be made or obtained as soon as is reasonably practicable). 

5.24 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions; Useof Proceeds. 

(a) The Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses in compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti- corruption legislation in other jurisdictions to which the Company and its Subsidiaries are subject, and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 

(b) The Company will not and will not permit any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, to use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity, to fund any activities of or business with 

112 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 any individual or entity, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as a Lender, the Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers, the Swing Line Lender, or otherwise) of Sanctions. 
 
 (c) The Company will not and will not permit any Subsidiary, to directly or indirectly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions to which the Company and its Subsidiaries are subject. 

5.25 Affected Financial Institution. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 

5.26 Borrower ERISA Status. Each Borrower represents and warrants as of the Closing Date that such Borrower is not and will not be (a) an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan or account subject to Section 4975 of the Code; (c) an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of any such plans or accounts for purposes of ERISAor the Code; or (d) a governmental plan within the meaning of ERISA. 

5.27 Beneficial Ownership Certification. As of the Closing Date, the information included in any Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 

5.28 Covered Entity. No Loan Party is a Covered Entity (as defined in Section 10.23 ). 

ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 So long as the Facility Termination Date has not occurred, the Company shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01 , 6.02 , and 6.03 cause each Restricted Subsidiary to: 
 
 6.1 Financial Statements. Deliver to the Administrative Agent, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders: 

(a) as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company (or, if earlier, 15 days after the date required to be filed with the SEC (after giving effect to any extension permitted by the SEC)), a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit; 

(b) as soon as available, but in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company (or, if earlier, 5 days after the date required to be filed with the SEC (after giving effect to any extension permitted by the SEC)) (commencing with the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2019), a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, the related consolidated statements of income or operations for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Company s fiscal year then ended, and the related consolidated 

113 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

114 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 statements of changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Company s fiscal year then ended, in each case setting forth in comparative form, as applicable, the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Company as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 
 
 (c) in the event that any Unrestricted Subsidiaries exist at such time, then simultaneously with the delivery of each set of consolidated financial statements referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above, a summary statement, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders, prepared in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Company, reflecting adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of such Unrestricted Subsidiaries from such consolidated financial statements; and 

(d) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, forecasts prepared by management of the Company, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders (it being agreed that the form of forecasts delivered by the Company pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement are satisfactory), of consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries on an annual basis for the current fiscal year (including the fiscal year in which the Maturity Date occurs). 

As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.02(c) , the Company shallnot be separately required to furnish such information under clause (a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Company to furnish the information and materials described in clauses (a) and (b) above at the times specified therein. 
 
 6.2 Certificates; Other Information. Deliver to the Administrative Agent, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders (which delivery may, unless the Administrative Agent, or a Lender requests executed originals, be by electronic communication including fax or email and shall be deemed to be an original authentic counterpart thereof for all purposes): 

(a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) , (i) a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Company and (ii) a listing of each Subsidiary designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary as of the date thereof; 

(b) promptly after any request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of any final audit reports, management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of the Company by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any audit of any of them; 

(c) promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Company, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Company may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto; 

(d) promptly, and in any event within five Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible 

115 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 investigation by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof; 
 
 (e) promptly upon the request thereof, such other information and documentation required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations (including, without limitation, the Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation), as from time to time reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender; and 

(f) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Company or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. 

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(c) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Company posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Company s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02 ; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Company s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that: (i) the Company shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Lender upon its request to the Company to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (ii) the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by facsimile or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions i.e. , soft copies) of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of suchdocuments. 
 
 Each Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arranger may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrowers hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on Debt Domain, IntraLinks, SyndTrak or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to any of the Borrowers or their respective Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. Each Borrower hereby agrees that 
 (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, such Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to such Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07 ); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information; and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. 

116 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 6.3 Notices. Promptly notify the Administrative Agent: 

(a) of the occurrence of any Default; 

(b) of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including any such matter arising from (i) a breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary involving more than the Threshold Amount; (ii) a material dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary and any Governmental Authority; or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws, involving more than the Threshold Amount; 

(c) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company under Title IV of ERISA to such Pension Plan, such Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; 

(d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Company or any Subsidiary, including any determination by the Company referred to in Section 2.10(b) ; and 

(e) of the (i) occurrence of any Disposition of property or assets for which the Company is required to make a mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i) , (ii) incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness for which the Company is required to make a mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(ii) , and (iii) the occurrence of any Insurance and Condemnation Event for which the Company is required to make a mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(iii) . 

Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Company setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 
 
 6.4 Payment of Obligations. Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its material obligations and liabilities, including (a) all Federal, State and other material tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary; (b) all other lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property; and (c) all Indebtedness, as and when due and payable, but subject to any subordination provisions contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing or governing such Indebtedness. 

6.5 Preservation of Existence, Etc. (a) (i) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 and (ii) preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 

7.04 or 7.05 and except to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) preserve or renew all 

117 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 6.6 Maintenance of Properties. (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except, in each case, where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.7 Maintenance of Insurance. Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Company, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons and as may be required by applicable Law and as are required by any Collateral Document. All such insurance shall (unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent in writing), (a) provide that no cancellation or material modification thereof shall be effective until at least 30 days after receipt by the Administrative Agent of written notice thereof (except in the case of cancellation as a result of non-payment of premium in which case only 10 days prior written notice shall be required) and (b) name the Administrative Agent as an additional insured or lender s loss payee, as applicable. 

6.8 Compliance with Laws. Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.9 Books and Records. Maintain proper books of record and account, with entries that are full, true and correct in all material respects in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be. 

6.10 Inspection Rights. Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at the expense of the Company and at such reasonable times during normal business hours, upon reasonable advance notice to the Company; provided , however , that (a) when no Event of Default exists, the Company shall not be obligated to pay for more than one such visitation and inspection in the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the day prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, or in any subsequent twelve-month period commencing on an anniversary of the Closing Date and ending twelve months thereafter and (b) when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent (or its representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Company at any time during normal business hours, without advance notice and as often as may be reasonably deemed necessary or prudent to protect the interests of the Secured Parties. Each Lender shall be provided advance notice by the Administrative Agent of any such inspection and shall be permitted, at such Lender s expense, to accompany (or to have its representatives or independent contractors accompany) the Administrative Agent (or its representatives or independent contractors) on any such inspection. 

6.11 Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for general corporate purposes not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document. 

118 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 6.12 Additional Subsidiaries. 

(a) Subject to the limits and exclusions set forth in Section 6.12(c) below, if (1) (i) at any time the Company acquires or forms any additional Subsidiary, merges any Subsidiary into another Person or Disposes of assets from any Subsidiary to another Person and, as a result of such acquisition, formation, merger or Disposition, a Person becomes a Material Subsidiary (other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary), or (ii) as of the end of any fiscal quarter, any Subsidiary that is not already a Subsidiary Guarantor qualifies as a Material Subsidiary (other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary), the Company will promptly notify the Administrative Agent thereof and within thirty days (or such longer period to which the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) following such acquisition, formation, merger, Disposition or fiscal quarter end, as the case may be, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent each of the following or (2) any Person becomes a Designated Borrower, the Company will concurrently with such Person becoming a Designated Borrower, to the extent such Person has not already complied with this Section as a Subsidiary Guarantor), deliver or cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent each of the following: 

(i) a Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement or a Subsidiary Guaranty Joinder Agreement, as applicable, duly executed by such Subsidiary; 

(ii) a Security Agreement or a Security Joinder Agreement, as applicable, duly executed by such Subsidiary (with all schedules thereto appropriately completed); 

(iii) if such Subsidiary owns Equity Interests in any other Subsidiary, which Equity Interests constitute Collateral, a Pledge Agreement or a Pledge Joinder Agreement, as applicable, duly executed by such Subsidiary (with all schedules thereto appropriatelycompleted); 

(iv) a Pledge Agreement, Pledge Joinder Agreement or Pledge Agreement Supplement, as applicable, duly executed by the Loan Party owning the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary (in either case, with all schedules thereto appropriately completed); 

(v) if any of the documents referenced in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) are delivered (or required to be delivered) and if requested by the Administrative Agent, opinions of counsel to the applicable Loan Parties and such Subsidiary with respect to the documents delivered and the transactions contemplated by this Section 6.12(a) , in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, including opinions, assumptions and qualifications similar to those contained in the opinions of counsel delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(a) ; 

(vi) if any of the documents referenced in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) are delivered (or required to be delivered), current copies of the documents of the types referred to in clauses (iii) and (iv) of Section 4.01(a) with respect to such Subsidiary, all certified by the applicable Governmental Authority or appropriate officer as the Administrative Agent may elect, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and 

(vii) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that all taxes, filing fees and recording fees related to the perfection of the Liens created under any of the documents delivered pursuant to this Section 6.12(a) have been paid and all reasonable costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection therewith have been paid. 

(b) Without limiting the foregoing, within 30 days (or such longer period as approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after (i) each delivery or required delivery of financial information pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b) and (ii) any Disposition of any Restricted 

119 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

120 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Subsidiary or any material portion of its assets (including via merger or dissolution), cause one or more Subsidiaries to become Subsidiary Guarantors and take such additional actions of the type described in Section 6.12(a) as if such Subsidiaries were Material Subsidiaries, to the extent necessary to cause, subject to the limits and exclusions set forth in Section 6.12(c) below: 
 
 (i) the Obligations of the Company and each other U.S. Borrower to be guaranteed by Domestic Subsidiaries, and secured by the Equity Interests and assets of, Subsidiaries that, together with the Company, account for at least 90 of the Consolidated Total Assets and 90 of the consolidated total revenues of the Company and its Subsidiaries (but excluding from such calculation the assets and revenues of each Foreign Subsidiary); and 

(ii) the Obligations of each Designated Borrower that is a Foreign Subsidiary to be guaranteed by, and secured by the Equity Interests and assets of, Subsidiaries that, together with the Company, account for at least 90 of Consolidated Total Assets and 90 of the consolidated total revenues of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

For purposes of the foregoing calculations, (x) assets shall be determined as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which financial information is available, (y) revenues shall be determined using the results of the four fiscal quarter period of the Company most recently ended for which financial information is available, but giving effect to any pro forma adjustments, with respect to any Specified Transaction, in a manner consistent with the adjustments described in Section 1.07 and (z) the assets and revenues of a Subsidiary shall not be deemed to include the assets and revenues of its Subsidiaries. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 6.12 to the contrary, it is acknowledged and agreed that (i) in no event shall any Foreign Subsidiary be required to guarantee, or provide collateral security for, any portion of the Obligations of a U.S. Loan Party and (ii) the pledge of any Voting Equity Interests (as defined in the U.S. Pledge Agreement) in Foreign Subsidiaries as collateral security for any portion of the Obligations of a U.S. Loan Party shall be limited as provided in the U.S. Pledge Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

6.13 Compliance with Environmental Laws. Comply, and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all lessees and other Persons operating or occupying its properties to comply, in all material respects, with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits; obtain and renew all Environmental Permits necessary for its operations and properties; and conduct any investigation, study, sampling and testing, and undertake any cleanup, removal, remedial or other action necessary to remove and clean up all Hazardous Materials from any of its properties, in accordance with the requirements of all Environmental Laws; provided , however , that neither the Company nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to undertake any such cleanup, removal, remedial or other action to the extent that (a) its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and appropriate reserves are being maintained with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP, or (b) its failure to undertake any such action, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or result in a penalty, fine or liability to the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in excess of the Threshold Amount. 

6.14 Further Assurances. Promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, (a) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in any Loan Document or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation thereof, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to (i) carry out more effectively 

100 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

100 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 the purposes of the Loan Documents, (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject any Loan Party s or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries properties, assets, rights or interests to the Liens now or hereafter intended to be covered by any of the Collateral Documents, (iii) perfect and maintain the validity, effectiveness and priority of any of the Collateral Documents and any of the Liens intended to be created thereunder and (iv) assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer, preserve, protect and confirm more effectively unto the Secured Parties the rights granted or now or hereafter intended to be granted to the Secured Parties under any Loan Document or under any other instrument executed in connection with any Loan Document to which any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is or is to be a party, and cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to do so. 
 
 6.15 Approvals and Authorizations. Except as would not reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect, maintain all authorizations, consents, approvals and licenses from, exemptions of, and filings and registrations with, each Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction in which each Foreign Obligor is organized and existing, and all approvals and consents of each other Person in such jurisdiction, in each case that are required in connection with the Loan Documents. 

6.16 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions. Conduct its businesses in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions applicable to the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and with all applicable Sanctions and maintain policies and procedures in the Company s reasonable business judgment designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and Sanctions. 

ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 So long as the Facility Termination Date has not occurred, the Company shall not, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly: 
 
 7.1 Liens. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following: 

(a) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document; 

(b) Liens existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided that (i) the property covered thereby is not changed, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased except as contemplated by Section 7.03(b) , (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is permitted by Section 7.03(b) ; 

(c) Liens for taxes (i) not yet due or as to which the period of grace (not to exceed thirty (30) days), if any, related thereto has not expired or (ii) which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP; 

(d) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP; 

101 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (e) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA; 

(f) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(g) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances affecting real property which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person; 

(h) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h) ; 

(i) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(e) and Section 7.03(f) ; provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness and, in the case of Indebtedness assumed in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, the property subject thereto immediately prior to such Acquisition and (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost or fair market value, whichever is lower, of the property being acquired on the date of acquisition; 

(j) Liens, if any, in favor of a surety granted by the Company and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries arising by operation of law or under any indemnity agreement or surety agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with construction-related bid or performance bonds; provided that such Lien does not at any time encumber any property other than the applicable bonded contractual obligation and the accounts receivable, material and equipment under such applicable bonded contractual obligation; 

(k) Liens on cash collateral securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(j) ; provided that (i) the aggregate amount of obligations secured thereby shall not exceed 5,000,000 and (ii) the amount of cash collateral provided shall not exceed 110 of the face amount of the letter of credit or bank guarantee secured thereby; 

(l) Liens on accounts receivable (and related assets customarily included in such transactions) arising under a Qualified Supply Chain Finance Program permitted under Section 7.05(f)(ii) ; and 

(m) other Liens securing obligations, which do not exceed 10,000,000 at any time outstanding. 

7.2 Investments. Make or hold any Investments, except: 

(a) Investments held by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary in the form of Cash Equivalents; 

(b) advances to officers, directors and employees of the Company and Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate amount not to exceed 1,000,000 at any time outstanding; 

102 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (c) (i) Investments existing on the Closing Date in Subsidiaries existing on the Closing Date; 

(ii) Investments existing on the Closing Date (other than Investments in Subsidiaries existing on the Closing Date) and described on Schedule 7.02 ; (iii) Investments made after the Closing Date by any Loan Party in any other Loan Party (limited, in the case of U.S. Loan Parties, to Investments in each other and in other Loan Parties that have Guaranteed the Obligations of the Company); (iv) Investments made after the Closing Date by any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party; and (v) Investments made after the Closing Date by any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in any Loan Party; 

(d) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss; 

(e) Guarantees permitted by Section 7.03 ; 

(f) Investments by any Loan Party after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (i) in any Subsidiary that is either not a Loan Party or is a Loan Party that has not Guaranteed the Obligations of the Company or (ii) in joint ventures; provided that (A) the aggregate amount of all such Investments described in this clause (f) , when taken together with the aggregate amount of Investments made in the form of Permitted Acquisitions pursuant to Section 7.02(g)(ii) , shall not at any time exceed the Investment Amount and (B) any Investments in the form of loans or advances made by any Loan Party pursuant to this clause (f) shall be evidenced by a demand note in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and shall be pledged and delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents; 

(g) Investments by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in the form of: 

(i) Permitted Acquisitions to the extent that any Person or property acquired in such Permitted Acquisition becomes a part of the Company or a Loan Party that has Guaranteed the Obligations of the Company or becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor which Guarantees the Obligations of the Company in the manner contemplated by Section 6.12 ; and 

(ii) Permitted Acquisitions after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date to the extent that any Person or property acquired in such Permitted Acquisition does not become a Loan Party that has Guaranteed the Obligations of the Company or a part of a Loan Party that has Guaranteed the Obligations of the Company in an aggregate amount, when taken together with the aggregate amount of Investments made pursuant to Section 7.02(f) , not to exceed the Investment Amount; 

(h) Investments of a Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company or at the time such Person merges or consolidates with the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, in either case, in connection with a Permitted Acquisition; provided that such Investments were not made by such Person in connection with, or in anticipation or contemplation of, such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company or such merger or consolidation; 

(i) all Investments existing on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date that were made pursuant to either of Section 7.02(f) or (g)(ii) , in each case, to the extent permitted pursuant to the terms thereof as in effect immediately prior to the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date; 

(j) the General Rubber Joint Venture Investment; and 

103 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

104 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (k) other Investments so long as, after giving thereto, the amount of Investments made pursuant to this clause (k) in the fiscal quarter in which such Investment is made and in the three fiscal quarters immediately preceding such fiscal quarter, in the aggregate, does not exceed 5,000,000. 

7.3 Indebtedness. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except: 

(a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents; 

(b) Indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.03 and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof; provided that the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by (i) an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing, (ii) an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, and (iii) the amount of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to another subsection of this Section 7.03 and allocated by the Company for such purpose in accordance with the final sentence of this Section 7.03 ; 

(c) unsecured (i) Indebtedness of any U.S. Loan Party to another U.S. Loan Party and Guarantees of any U.S. Loan Party in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted hereunder of another 

U.S. Loan Party; (ii) Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to another Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party and Guarantees of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted hereunder of another Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party; (iii) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is either not a Loan Party or is a Loan Party that has not Guaranteed the Obligations of the Company to the Company or any wholly- owned Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party to the extent such Indebtedness is permitted by Section 7.02(f) or 7.02(i) ; and (iv) Indebtedness owed by any Loan Party to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party provided that such Indebtedness shall be subordinated to the Obligations in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent); 
 
 (d) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary existing or arising under any Swap Contract, provided that (i) such obligations are (or were) entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by such Person, or changes in the value of securities issued by such Person, and not for purposes of speculation or taking a market view; and (ii) such Swap Contract does not contain any provision exonerating the non-defaulting party from its obligation to make payments on outstanding transactions to the defaulting party; 

(e) Indebtedness in respect of capital leases, Synthetic Lease Obligations and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets within the limitations set forth in Section 7.01(i) ; provided , however , that the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness, at any one time outstanding, when added to the aggregate amount of all outstanding Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(f) below, shall not exceed 10,000,000; provided , further , that up to 15,000,000 in the aggregate of Attributable Indebtedness from additional capital leases arising from sale-leaseback transactions may be incurred and carved out of the preceding combined 10,0000,000 limitation to the extent the Net Cash Proceeds therefrom are used substantially contemporaneously with the receipt thereof to prepay Term Loans outstanding hereunder pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i) ; 

(f) Indebtedness incurred in connection with Permitted Acquisitions (including existing Indebtedness of a Person acquired in connection with a Permitted Acquisition provided such Indebtedness was not incurred in anticipation of such Acquisition); provided , however , that the aggregate amount of 

105 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 all such Indebtedness, at any one time outstanding, when added to the aggregate amount of all outstanding Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(e) above (excluding Attributable Indebtedness of the type described in the second proviso of Section 7.03(e) above), shall not exceed 10,000,000; 
 
 (g) earn-out and similar payments and obligations to make purchase price adjustments, indemnities and the like in connection with Acquisitions permitted hereby; 

(h) Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are Foreign Subsidiaries and Guarantees by the Company thereof; provided , however , that the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness, at any one time outstanding, shall not exceed 20,000,000; 

(i) Indebtedness in respect of Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit; 

(j) Indebtedness in respect of other letters of credit and bank guarantees supporting the operations in China or India of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that the aggregate face amount of all such letters of credit and bank guarantees shall not exceed 5,000,000 at any time; 

(k) Indebtedness under bid, performance or surety, appeal or similar bonds and completion guarantees, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(l) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to a Qualified Supply Chain Finance Program permitted pursuant to Section 7.05(f)(ii) (solely to the extent the sales of accounts receivable under such Qualified Supply Chain Finance Program are intended to be true sales but include precautionary financing provisions); and 

(m) other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 10,000,000 at any time outstanding. 

To the extent that the creation, incurrence or assumption of any Indebtedness could be attributable to more than one subsection of this Section 7.03 , the Company may allocate such Indebtedness to any one or more of such subsections and in no event shall the same portion of Indebtedness be deemed to utilize or be attributable to more than one item. 
 
 7.4 Fundamental Changes. Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person (including, in each case, pursuant to a Delaware LLC Division), except that, so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom: 

(a) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge with (i) the Company, provided that the Company shall be the continuing or surviving Person, or (ii) any one or more other Restricted Subsidiaries, provided that (i) when any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party is merging with another Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, the Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person and (ii) when any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party that has Guaranteed the Obligations of the Company is merging with another Restricted Subsidiary, the Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party that has Guaranteed the Obligations of the Company shall be the continuing or surviving Person; 

(b) any Restricted Subsidiary may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Company or to another Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) if the transferor in such a transaction is a Loan Party, then the transferee must either be the Company or another Loan Party and (ii) if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party that has Guaranteed the 

106 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Obligations of the Company, the transferee thereof must either be the Company or a Loan Party that has Guaranteed the Obligations of the Company; and 
 
 (c) in connection with any acquisition permitted under Section 7.02 , any Restricted Subsidiary may merge into or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it; provided , however , that in each case, immediately after giving effect thereto (i) the Person surviving such merger shall be a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) in the case of any such merger to which any Loan Party (other than the Company) is a party, such Loan Party is the surviving Person. 

7.5 Dispositions. Make any Disposition, except: 

(a) Dispositions of obsolete or worn out assets or assets no longer used or useful to the business in the reasonable business judgment of the Company, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business; 

(b) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business; 

(c) Dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacementproperty; 

(d) Dispositions of property by any Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or to a wholly- owned Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (i) if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party, the transferee thereof must either be the Company or a Loan Party and (ii) if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party that has Guaranteed the Obligations of the Company, the transferee thereof must either be the Company or a Loan Party that has Guaranteed the Obligations of the Company; 

(e) Dispositions permitted by Section 7.04 ; 

(f) (i) Dispositions of accounts receivable that are at least 180 days past due or are owing from obligors that are the subject of proceedings of the types described in Section 8.01(f) and (ii) Dispositions of accounts receivable (and related assets customarily included in such transactions) in connection with a Qualified Supply Chain Finance Program; provided that in the case of the foregoing clause (ii) , the aggregate amount of accounts receivable sold, assigned, conveyed or otherwise transferred pursuant to the foregoing clause (ii) shall not exceed 15,000,000 at any one timeoutstanding; 

(g) Dispositions of non-core assets acquired in a Permitted Acquisition by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries within 18 months of such Permitted Acquisition; provided that the aggregate book value of all property Disposed of in reliance on this clause (g) from the Closing Date through the Facility Termination Date shall not exceed 2,500,000; and 

(h) Dispositions by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted under this Section 7.05 ; provided that (i) at the time of such Disposition, no Event of Default shall exist or would result from such Disposition and (ii) the aggregate book value of all property Disposed of in reliance on this clause (h) from the Closing Date through the Facility Termination Date shall not exceed 

35,000,000 (excluding from such limitation the book value of any property that is Disposed of in sale- leaseback transactions to the extent the Net Cash Proceeds therefrom are used substantially contemporaneously with the receipt thereof to prepay Term Loans outstanding hereunder pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i) ); 

107 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 provided , however , that any Disposition pursuant to clauses (a) through (h) above shall be for fair market value and, in the case of Dispositions pursuant to clause (h) above, shall be for at least 75 cash consideration. 
 
 7.6 Restricted Payments. Declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, except that: 

(a) each Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and any other Person that owns an Equity Interest in such Restricted Subsidiary, ratably according to their respective holdings of the type of Equity Interest in respect of which such Restricted Payment is being made; 

(b) the Company and each Restricted Subsidiary may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the common stock or other common Equity Interests of such Person; 

(c) the Company and each Restricted Subsidiary may purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire common Equity Interests issued by it with the proceeds received from the substantially concurrent issue of new shares of its common stock or other common Equity Interests; and 

(d) so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom and after giving effect thereto the Company is in pro forma compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.11 (calculated as of the last day of the four fiscal quarter period most recently ended for which financial information is available, but, in the case of the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, ignoring all cash dividends, distributions and redemptions made during such period and instead assuming that the particular cash dividend, distribution or redemption and all other cash dividends, distributions and redemptions made pursuant to this clause (d) during the trailing 365-day period immediately preceding the day on which such cash dividend, distribution or redemption is proposed to be made were made on the last day of such four fiscal quarter period), the Company may declare and pay cash dividends and distributions to the holders of its Equity Interests or declare and make redemptions of its Equity Interests; provided that nothing in this Section 7.06(d) shall operate to prevent the making of a previously declared Restricted Payment by the Company so long as (i) at the declaration date, such Restricted Payment was permitted by the foregoing and (ii) such Restricted Payment is made within the earlier of (A) 60 days following such declaration date and (B) any date under applicable Law on which such Restricted Payment must be made. 

7.7 Change in Nature of Business. Engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date or any business substantially related or incidental thereto or reasonable extensions thereof. 

7.8 Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Company, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate; provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to transactions between or among the Company and any Subsidiary Guarantor or Designated Borrower or between and among any Designated Borrowers or Subsidiary Guarantors. 

7.9 Burdensome Agreements. Enter into or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document) that: 

108 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (a) limits the ability (i) of any Restricted Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or to otherwise transfer property to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Foreign Subsidiary, (ii) of any Restricted Subsidiary to Guarantee the Indebtedness of the Company or (iii) of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person, in each case, other than (A) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of all or a substantial part of the Equity Interests or assets of such Person pending such sale (provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to such Person pending such sale and such sale is permitted hereunder), (B) customary restrictions in purchase agreements related to a Disposition of property permitted hereunder that limit the transfer of such property pending the consummation of such Disposition, (C) customary restrictions and conditions imposed by any agreement relating to purchase money Indebtedness or capital leases permitted hereunder, but only to the extent such restrictions and conditions apply only to the assets secured pursuant to such Indebtedness or capital lease, (D) customary restrictions and conditions contained in leases and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof, (E) customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures permitted hereunder and applicable solely to such joint venture that are entered into in the ordinary course of business but not entered into in contemplation hereof, (F) restrictions or conditions on a Restricted Subsidiary existing prior to such Restricted Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary of the Company, so long as such restriction or condition only applies to such Restricted Subsidiary and was not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary, (G) imposed by any agreement related to Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03 , to the extent such restrictions (1) in the Company s reasonable judgment, are not more restrictive, taken as a whole, than the restrictions contained herein and (2) do not hinder the Loan Parties ability to satisfy their Obligations under the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the requirements set forth in Section 6.12 and (H) restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed by customers under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business; or 

(b) requires the grant of a Lien to secure an obligation of such Person if a Lien is granted to secure another obligation of such Person. 

7.10 Use of Proceeds. 

(a) Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose. 

(b) Directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity, to fund any activities of or business with any individual or entity, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as a Lender, the Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers, the Swing Line Lender, or otherwise) of Sanctions. 

(c) Directly or indirectly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 

7.11 Financial Covenants. 

109 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (a) Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Company to be less than 1.25 to 1.00. 

(b) Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Company during any period set forth below to be greater than the ratio set forth below opposite such period: 

Period 
 Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio 

September 30, 2021 through September 30, 2023 
 3.75 to 1.00 

December 31, 2023 and thereafter 
 3.50 to 1.00 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Permitted Acquisition involving aggregate consideration of 
 15,000,000 or more is consummated during a fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, at the request of the Company (which shall be made on or prior to the date of consummation of such Permitted Acquisition), the maximum Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio permitted under this Section 7.11(b) at any time shall be increased by 0.50 to 1.00 (but in no event shall the maximum permitted Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio exceed 4.00 to 1.00) during such fiscal quarter and the subsequent three fiscal quarters (such four fiscal quarters, an Elevated Ratio Period ); provided , however , (i) there shall be at least two consecutive full fiscal quarters between Elevated Ratio Periods during which the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio is not in excess of the otherwise maximum Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio permitted under this Section 7.11(b) as of the last day thereof and (ii) the Company may in its discretion, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, elect to end an Elevated Ratio Period early. 
 
 7.12 Amendment or Modification of Organization Documents. Amend any of its Organization Documents in any manner that is material and adverse to the interests of any Secured Party. 

7.13 Accounting Changes. Make any material change in (a) accounting policies or reporting practices, except as required or permitted by GAAP, or (b) fiscal year, except that any Subsidiary can conform its fiscal year to that of the Company. 

7.14 Post-Closing Actions. Fail to deliver to the Administrative Agent the items described on Schedule 7.14 within the applicable time period specified therein. 

ARTICLE VIII. 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 
 8.1 Events of Default. Any of the following shall constitute an event of default (each an Event of Default ): 

(a) Non-Payment . The Company or any other Loan Party fails to (i) pay when and as required to be paid herein, and in the currency required hereunder, any amount of principal of any Loan or any L/C Obligation or deposit any funds as Cash Collateral in respect of L/C Obligations, or (ii) pay within three Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) pay within five Business Days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or 

(b) Specific Covenants . The Company or Restricted Subsidiary fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.01 , 6.02 , 6.03 , 6.05(a) (in the case of any Borrower only), 6.11 , or 6.12 or Article VII ; or 

110 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

111 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (c) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for (i) 5 Business Days, in the case of any covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.05 or 6.10 or (ii) 30 days, in all other cases; or 

(d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or 

(e) Cross-Default . (i) The Company or any Restricted Subsidiary (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise but taking into account any applicable period of grace) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails to observe or perform (after taking into account any applicable period of grace) any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or Guarantee or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded; or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount; or 

(f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. The Company or any Restricted Subsidiary institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or 

(g) Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment . (i) The Company or any Restricted Subsidiary becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or 

(ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 30 days after its issue or levy; or 
 
 (h) Judgments . There is entered against the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary (i) one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such 

112 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 judgments or orders) exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by independent third- party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), or (ii) any one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case, (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or 
 
 (i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount, or (ii) the Company or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; or 

(j) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document; or 

(k) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control; or 

(l) Collateral Documents . Any Collateral Document after delivery thereof pursuant to Section 4.01 or 6.12 shall for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms thereof) cease to create a valid Lien on any portion of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby the aggregate fair market value of which is in excess of 1,000,000. 

8.2 Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: 

(a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated; 

(b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers; 

(c) require that the Company Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount with respect thereto) and Cash Collateralize the Secured Permitted Bilateral Letters of Credit (in an amount equal to the maximum potential drawings thereunder); and 

(d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under the Loan Documents; 

provided , however , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of any L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, 
 
 113 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

114 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Company to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations and Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 
 8.3 Application of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.16 and 2.17 , be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: 

First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (to the extent required to be paid or reimbursed hereunder) and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 
 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations arising under the Loan Documents constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L/C Issuers (to the extent required to be paid or reimbursed hereunder) and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; 
 
 Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans, L/C Borrowings and other Obligations arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; 
 
 Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, L/C Borrowings, Obligations then owing under Secured Hedge Agreements and Secured Cash Management Agreements and Obligations in the nature of drawn and unreimbursed amounts under Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit, ratably among the Lenders, the L/C Issuers, the Hedge Banks, the Cash Management Banks and the PSLOC Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; 
 
 Fifth , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuers and the PSLOC Banks, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit and obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit, in each case to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Company pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.16 and the terms of such Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit ratably among the L/C Issuers and the PSLOC Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fifth held by them; and 
 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Company or as otherwise required by Law. 
 
 Subject to Sections 2.03(c) and 2.16 , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit and Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit and Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit and 

115 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements, Secured Hedge Agreements and Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit shall be excluded from the application described above if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank, Hedge Bank or PSLOC Bank, as the case may be. Each Cash Management Bank, Hedge Bank or PSLOC Bank not a party to this Agreement that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article IX hereof for itself and its Affiliates as if a Lender party to this Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 9.1 Appointment and Authority. 

(a) Each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Hedge Bank, a potential Cash Management Bank and a potential PSLOC Bank) and the L/C Issuers hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, and neither any Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Hedge Bank, a potential Cash Management Bank and a potential PSLOC Bank) and each L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of such Lender and such L/C Issuer for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as collateral agent and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX and Article X (including Section 10.04(c) , as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. 

9.2 Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept 

116 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

117 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial, advisory, underwriting or other business with any Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or to provide notice or consent of the Lenders with respect thereto. 
 
 9.3 Exculpatory Provisions. The Administrative Agent or the Arranger, as applicable, shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent or the Arranger, as applicable, and its Related Parties: 

(a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; 

(c) shall not have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, to any Lender or any L/C Issuer, any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates, that is communicated to, obtained or in the possession of, the Administrative Agent, Arranger or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein; 

(d) shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Company, a Lender or an L/C Issuer; and 

(e) shall not be responsible for or have any duty or obligation to any Lender or participant or any other Person to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Collateral 

118 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 9.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

9.5 Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its dutiesand exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub agentmay perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article IX shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 

9.6 Resignation of Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Company. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Company so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above with the consent of the Company so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. With effect from the Resignation Effective Date, (1) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or 

119 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each L/C Issuer directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(g) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date), and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Company to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Company and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including (A) acting as collateral agent or otherwise holding any collateral security on behalf of any of the Lenders and (B) in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. 
 
 Any resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as an L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. If Bank of America resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Revolving Credit Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c) . If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Revolving Credit Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c) . Upon the appointment by the Company of a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, 
 (b) the retiring L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to the retiring L/C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of the retiring L/C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 
 9.7 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Arranger and Other Lenders. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent nor the Arranger has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent or the Arranger hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party of any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or the Arranger to any Lender or each L/C Issuer as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent or the Arranger have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties possession. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents to the Administrative Agent and the Arranger that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated 

120 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrowers hereunder. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender or L/C Issuer for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or L/C Issuer, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender and each L/C Issuer agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding suchcommercial loans or providing such other facilities. 
 
 9.8 No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the arranger(s), bookrunner(s), syndication agent(s) or documentation agent(s) listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an L/C Issuerhereunder. 

9.9 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim; Credit Bidding. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on any Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(h) and (i) , 2.09 and 10.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04 . 

121 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any L/C Issuer in any such proceeding. 
 
 The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States or any similar Laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale or foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with applicable Law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that would vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) in the asset or assets so purchased (or in the Equity Interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such purchase). In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles to make a bid, (ii) to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or Equity Interests thereof shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by the vote of the Required Lenders, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in clauses (a) through (m) of Section 10.01 , (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to assign the relevant Obligations to any such acquisition vehicle pro rata by the Lenders, as a result of which each of the Lenders shall be deemed to have received a pro rata portion of any Equity Interests and/or debt instruments issued by such an acquisition vehicle on account of the assignment of the Obligations to be credit bid, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and 
 (i) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of debt credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Lenders pro rata and the Equity Interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of the Obligations that had been assigned to the acquisition vehicle shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. 

9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters. Each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Cash Management Bank, a potential Hedge Bank and a potential PSLOC Bank) and each L/C Issuer irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent at its option and in its discretion, 

(a) to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than (x) contingent indemnification obligations and (y) obligations and liabilities under Secured Cash Management Agreements, Secured Hedge Agreements and Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit as to which arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Cash Management Bank, Hedge Bank or PSLOC Bank shall have been made) and the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit and Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit (other than Letters of Credit or Secured 

122 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit as to which other arrangements with respect thereto reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer or the applicable PSLOC Bank, as applicable, shall have been made), (ii) that is sold or otherwise Disposed of or to be sold or otherwise Disposed of as part of or in connection with any sale or other Disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document to a Person that is not a Loan Party, (iii) that no longer constitutes Collateral or is no longer required to secure the Obligations or (iv) subject to Section 10.01 , if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders; 
 
 (b) to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 7.01(i) ; and 

(c) to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party if such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary or is no longer required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor, in each case, as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder or as otherwise permitted hereunder. 

Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party pursuant to this Section 9.10 . 
 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 
 9.11 Secured Cash Management Agreements, Secured Hedge Agreements and Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit. No Cash Management Bank, Hedge Bank or PSLOC Bank that obtains the benefit of the provisions of Section 8.03 , any Guaranty or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any Guaranty or any Collateral Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) (or to notice of or to consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of the provisions hereof or of any Guaranty or any Collateral Document) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other reasonably satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements, Secured Hedge Agreements and Secured Permitted Standalone Letters of Credit unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank, Hedge Bank or PSLOC Bank, as the case may be. 

9.12 Certain ERISAMatters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

123 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

9.13 Recovery of Erroneous Payments. Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by any Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Recipient Party in Same Day Funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including 

124 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain fundsmistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 
 
 ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 10.1 Amendments, Etc. Subject to Section 3.03(c) and the last three paragraphs of this Section 10.01 , no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Company or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent acting with the authorization of the Required Lenders) and the Company or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 

125 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 
 Lender; 
 (a) 

126 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01(a) without the written consent of each 

(b) without limiting the generality of clause (a) above, waive any condition set forth in 

127 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Section 4.02 as to any Credit Extension under a particular Facility without the written consent of the Required Revolving Credit Lenders or the Required Term Loan Lenders, as the case may be; 
 
 (c) extend or increase any Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 without the written consent of such Lender; 

(d) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment (excluding mandatory prepayments) of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 

(e) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iv) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 any interest, fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided , however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary (i) to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of any Borrower to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate or (ii) to amend any financial covenant hereunder (or any defined term used therein) even if the effect of such amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or L/C Borrowing or to reduce any fee payablehereunder; 

(f) (i) change Section 8.03 or any other provision hereof in a manner that would have the effect of altering the ratable reduction of Commitments or the pro rata sharing of payments otherwise required hereunder or the order of application of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender adversely and directly affected thereby or (ii) subordinate, or change any provision hereof that would have the effect of subordinating, the Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness or other obligation, without the written consent of each Lender adversely and directly affectedthereby; 

(g) change Section 2.05 in any manner that materially and adversely affects the Lenders under a Facility without the written consent of the Required Facility Lenders under such Facility; 

128 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (h) change (i) any provision of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder (other than as provided in subclause (ii) of this clause (h) ), without the written consent of each Lender or (ii) the definition of Required Facility Lenders as it relates to a Facility (or the constituent definition therein relating to such Facility) without the written consent of each Lender under such Facility; 

(i) amend Section 1.09 or the definition of Alternative Currency , in either case, as it relates to the Revolving Credit Facility, without the written consent of each Revolving Credit Lender; 

(j) release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each Lender; 

(k) release (i) the Company from the Company Guaranty without the written consent of each Lender, or (ii) all or substantially all of the value of the Subsidiary Guaranties without the written consent of each Lender, except to the extent the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor is permitted pursuant to Section 9.10 (in which case such release may be made by the Administrative Agent acting alone); 

(l) amend Section 2.14(d) as it relates to the termination of a Designated Borrower s status as such under a particular Facility, without the written consent of each Lender under such Facility; 

(m) impose any greater restriction on the ability of any Lender under a Facility to assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the written consent of the Required Facility Lenders under such Facility; or 

(n) amend the definition of Interest Period to include a period other than one, three or six months, with respect to any Facility without the written consent of each Lender under such Facility; 

and, provided further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by such L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of any L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it (including, without limitation, any amendment, waiver or consent that would change Section 1.09 or the definition of Alternative Currency, in either case, as it relates to the Revolving Credit Facility); (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (iv) the Fee Letters may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto; and (v) the L/C Commitment of any L/C Issuer may be amended in a writing executed only by each of the L/C Issuers and the Company and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender or all Lenders or each affected Lender under a Facility may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) no Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender or all Lenders or each affected Lender under a Facility that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 

129 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers, the Company and the Lenders affected thereby to amend the definition of Alternative Currency or Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate or Section 1.09 solely to add additional currency options and the applicable interest rate with respect thereto, in each case solely to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 1.09 . 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Agreement may be amended and restated without the consent of any Lender (but with the consent of the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent) if, upon giving effect to such amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so amended and restated), the Commitments of such Lender shall have terminated, such Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder and shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account underthis Agreement. 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, if the Administrative Agent and the Company acting together identify any ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including the schedules and exhibits thereto), then the Administrative Agent and the Company shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect, and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 
 
 10.2 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication. 

(a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or electronic mail as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 

(i) if to the Company, the Administrative Agent or Bank of America, in its capacity as an L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 ; and 

(ii) if to any other Lender or L/C Issuer, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Company). 

Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection(b) . 
 
 (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or any L/C 

130 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender, any L/C Issuer or the Company may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii), if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Dayfor the recipient. 
 
 (c) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to any Borrower, any other Loan Party, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Borrower s, any other Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service or through the Internet. 

(d) Change of Address, Etc . Each of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Swing Line Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Company, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Company or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 

131 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (e) Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuers and Lenders . The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic or electronic Loan Notices, Letter of Credit Applications and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, liabilities and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to suchrecording. 

10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement. No failure by any Lender, any L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuers; provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as an L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13 ), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and 
 (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b) , (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.13 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 

10.4 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 

(a) Costs and Expenses . The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of- pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of one counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Arranger, taken as a whole, and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel and one regulatory counsel in any relevant jurisdiction for the Administrative Agent and the Arranger, taken as a whole), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension 

132 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer (including the documented fees, disbursements and other charges of one counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, taken as a whole, and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel and one applicable regulatory counsel in each relevant jurisdiction for the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and each L/C Issuer, taken as a whole, and, solely in the case of a conflict of interest, one additional counsel to all such affected Persons similarly situated, taken as a whole), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 
 (b) Indemnification by the Company . The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and each L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one counsel to the Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel and one applicable regulatory counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to all such Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and, solely in the case of a conflict of interest, one additional counsel to all affected Indemnitees similarly situated, taken as a whole), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by any Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, the Indemnitee s reliance on any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic Record), the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01 ), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Company or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by the Company or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee's obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Company or such other Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c) , this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Taxclaim. 

(c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Company for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), any L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any 

133 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 such sub-agent), such L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on each Lender s share of the aggregate Total Credit Exposures at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender), such payment to be made severally among them based on such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought), provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), such L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), such L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . 
 
 (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no Borrower shall assert, and each Borrower hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor. 

(f) Survival . The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 

10.5 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of any Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and each L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 

134 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 10.6 Successors and Assigns. 

(a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that no Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (e) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents(including all or a portion of its Commitment(s) and the Loans (including for purposes of this subsection (b) , participations in L/C Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it); provided that (in each case with respect to any Facility) any such assignment shall be subject to the followingconditions: 

(i) Minimum Amounts . 

(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender's Commitment under any Facility and/or the Loans at the time owing to it (in each case with respect to any Facility) or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 

(B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the applicable Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 

5,000,000, in the case of any assignment in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, or 
 1,000,000, in the case of any assignment in respect of the Term Loan Facility, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 
 (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not apply to the Swing Line Lender s rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans. 

135 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (iii) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition: 

(A) the consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided that the Company shall bedeemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof; 

(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of (i) any unfunded Term Loan Commitment or any Revolving Credit Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment in respect of the applicable Facility, an Affiliate of such a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such a Lender or (ii) any Term Loan to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; and 

(C) the consent of each L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility. 

(iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of 3,500; provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 

(v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made (A) to the Company or any of the Company s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B) , or (C) to a natural Person (or to a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of a natural Person). 

(vi) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Company and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, 

136 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 
 (vii) Assignee is not a Competitor . Unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (in which case this clause (vii) shall not apply to such assignment), each assignee represents and warrants to the Company that such assignee is not a Competitor. 

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment (subject to the requirements and limitations set forth therein); provided , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, each Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section. 
 
 (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of (and stated interest on) the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by each of the Borrowers and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable priornotice. 

(d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person, a Defaulting Lender or the Company or any of the Company s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment(s) and/or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. 

Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, 

137 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. Each Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations set forth therein) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 10.13 as if it were an assignee under subsection (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04 , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Company s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender, provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts of (and stated interest on) each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant's interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 
 (e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note(s), if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

(f) Resignation as an L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender after Assignment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) if at any time Bank of America assigns all of its Revolving Credit Commitment and Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America may, 

(A) upon 30 days notice to the Company and the Revolving Credit Lenders, resign as an L/C Issuer and/or (B) upon 30 days notice to the Company, resign as Swing Line Lender, and (ii) if at any time any other Lender acting as an L/C Issuer assigns all of its Revolving Credit Commitment and Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, such Lender may, upon 30 days notice to the Company and the Revolving Credit Lenders, resign as an L/C Issuer. In the event of any such resignation as an L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, the Company shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; provided , however , that no failure by the Company to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America as an L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, or any other Lender as an L/C Issuer. If Bank of America or any other Lender resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer 

138 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding and issued by it as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Revolving Credit Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c) ). If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Revolving Credit Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c) . Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer and/or Swing Line Lender, 
 (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, and (b) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to Bank of America or such other retiring L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America or such other retiring L/C Issuer, as the case may be, with respect to such Letters of Credit issued by it. 

10.7 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers agree to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates, its auditors and its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 2.15(c) or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to a Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Company or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder, (ii) the provider of any Platform or other electronic delivery service used by the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender to deliver Borrower Materials or notices to the Lenders or 

(iii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the application, issuance, publishing and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Company or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section, (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company or (z) is independently discovered or developed by a party hereto without utilizing any Information received from the Company or violating the terms of this Section. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. 

For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Company or any Subsidiary relating to the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company or any Subsidiary, provided that, in the case of information received from the Company or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly 

139 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 
 Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers acknowledge that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws. 
 
 The Loan Parties consent to the publication by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of customary advertising material relating to the transactions contemplated hereby using the name, product photographs, logo or trademark of the Loan Parties. 
 
 10.8 Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set-off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, such L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Borrower against any and all of the obligations of such Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, such L/C Issuer or such Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of such Borrower are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender or such L/C Issuer different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided , that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application inaccordance with the provisions of Section 2.17 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, each L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer agrees to notify the Company and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affectthe validity of such setoff and application. 

10.9 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Company. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, 

(b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 

140 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 10.10 Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 

10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 

10.12 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 

10.13 Replacement of Lenders. If the Company is entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06 , or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04 and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that: 

(a) the Company shall have paid (or caused a Designated Borrower to pay) to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 10.06(b) ; 

(b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to 100 of the outstanding principal of its Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company or applicable Designated Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 

141 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 

3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 
 
 (d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws; and 

(e) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver orconsent. 

A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 
 Each party hereto agrees that (x) an assignment required pursuant to this Section 10.13 may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and (y) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided , further that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 10.13 to the contrary, (i) any Lender that acts as an L/C Issuer may not be replaced hereunder at any time it has any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements satisfactory to such Lender (including the furnishing of a backstop standby letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer, reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer or the depositing of Cash Collateral into a Cash Collateral account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer) have been made with respect to such outstanding Letter of Credit and (ii) the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.06 . 
 
 10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 

(a) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

(b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT MANDATED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR RULES OF PROCEDURE, EACH BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, ANY L/C ISSUER, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY 

142 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

143 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENTIN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANYJURISDICTION. 
 
 (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 

(d) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 

10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between such Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) such Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) such Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions 

144 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) each of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for such Borrower or any of its Affiliates or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, the Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to such Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of such Borrower and its Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, the Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to any Borrower or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrowers hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplatedhereby. 
 
 10.17 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender Party agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability	as a paper record.	Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer nor Swing Line Lender is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer and/or Swing Line Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and/or any Lender Party without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 

Neither the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer nor Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s, such L/C Issuer s or Swing Line Lender s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or 
 
 145 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 

146 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 
 Each of the Loan Parties and each Lender Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Lender Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Lender Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 
 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrowers, which information includes the name and address of each Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify such Borrower in accordance with the Act. Each Borrower shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act. 

10.19 Keepwell. The Company hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Subsidiary Guarantor as may be needed by such Subsidiary Guarantor from time to time to honor all of its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty to which it is a party and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party in respect of Swap Obligations that would, in absence of the agreement in this Section 10.19 , otherwise constitute Excluded Swap Obligations (but, in each case, only up to the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering the Company s obligations and undertakings under this Section 10.19 voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations and undertakings of the Company under this Section 10.19 shall remain in full force and effect until the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full. The Company intends this Section 10.19 to constitute, and this Section 10.19 shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of, each Subsidiary Guarantor for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

10.20 Judgment Currency. If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of each Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency otherthan that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer from any Borrower in the Agreement Currency, such Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to 

147 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 indemnify the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer in such currency, the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to such Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law). 
 
 10.21 Amendment and Restatement; No Novation. This Agreement constitutes an amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement, effective from and after the Closing Date. The execution and delivery of this Agreement shall not constitute a novation of any indebtedness or other obligations owing to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Existing Credit Agreement based on facts or events occurring or existing prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement. On the Closing Date, the credit facilities described in the Existing Credit Agreement, shall be amended, supplemented, modified and restated in their entirety by the facilities described herein, and all loans and other obligations of the Borrowers outstanding as of such date under the Existing Credit Agreement, shall be deemed to be loans and obligations outstanding under the corresponding facilities described herein, without any further action by any Person, except that the Administrative Agent shall make such transfers of funds as are necessaryin order that the outstanding balance of such Loans, together with any Loans funded on the Closing Date, reflect the respective Applicable Percentages of the Lenders hereunder and the Borrowers agree to pay any amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 in connection with such transfers as if all Loans under the Existing Credit Agreement were repaid on the Closing Date, to the extent not waived by the applicable Lenders. 

10.22 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Solely to the extent any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

10.23 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of 

148 
 152302503 
 
 EX-10.25 
 the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 
 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

(b) As used in this Section 10.23 , the following terms have the following meanings: 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 
 Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 149 
 152302503 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 ceco-ex10_26.htm
 EX-10.26

EX-10 

EX-10.26 

Grantee: 
 FIRST_NAME_LAST_NAME 

Number of Restricted Stock Units RSUs : 
 TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED,7 

Agreement Date: 
 OPTION_DATE,1 

Date of Grant: 
 VEST_BASE_DATE,1 

Vesting Schedule: 
 The RSUs shall become nonforfeitable and payable in substantially equal installments on each of the first four anniversaries of the Date of Grant, with each such anniversary constituting a vesting date 

CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units Agreement 
 
 This RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of the date set forth above (the Date of Grant , by and between CECO Environmental Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the individual named above (the Grantee ). 
 
 1. Certain Definitions . Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, in this Agreement will have the meanings given to such terms in the CECO Environmental Corp. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ). 

2. Grant of RSUs . Subject to and upon the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in this Agreement (including any additional terms and conditions for the Grantee s country (for Grantees outside the United States only) set forth in any attached appendix that would form part of this Agreement) and in the Plan, pursuant to authorization under resolutions of the Committee, the Company has granted to the Grantee as of the Date of Grant specified above, the number of Restricted Stock Units RSUs as set forth above. Each RSU shall represent the right of the Grantee to receive one share of Common Stock subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

3. Restrictions on Transfer of RSUs . Subject to Section 15 of the Plan, neither the RSUs evidenced hereby nor any interest therein or in the Common Stock underlying such RSUs shall be transferable prior to payment to the Grantee pursuant to Section 5 hereof other than by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution. 

4. Vesting of RSUs . The RSUs covered by this Agreement shall become nonforfeitable and payable to the Grantee pursuant to Section 5 based on the vesting schedule specified above (the Vesting Schedule ), if the Grantee remains in the continuous employment of the Company or a Subsidiary until the vesting date(s) specified in the Vesting Schedule. Subject to the terms of the Plan, any RSUs that do not so become nonforfeitable will be forfeited, including if the Grantee ceases to be continuously employed by the Company or a Subsidiary prior to the vesting date(s) specified in the Vesting Schedule. For purposes of this Agreement, continuously employed (or substantially similar terms) means the absence of any interruption or termination 

1 
 NAI-1522584827v4 
 
 EX-10.26 
 of the Grantee s employment with the Company or a Subsidiary. Continuous employment shall not be considered interrupted or terminated in the case of transfers between locations of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

5. Form and Time of Payment of RSUs . 

(a) Payment for the RSUs, after and to the extent they have become nonforfeitable, shall be made in the form of Common Stock. Payment shall be made as soon as administratively practicable following (but no later than thirty (30) days following) the date that the RSUs become nonforfeitable pursuant to Section 4 hereof. 

(b) The Company s obligations to the Grantee with respect to the RSUs will be satisfied in full upon the issuance of Common Stock corresponding to such RSUs. 

6. Dividend Equivalents; Voting and Other Rights . 

(a) The Grantee shall have no rights of ownership in the Common Stock underlying the RSUs and no right to vote the Common Stock underlying the RSUs until the date on which the Common Stock underlying the RSUs is issued or transferred to the Grantee pursuant to Section 5 above. 

(b) From and after the Date of Grant and until the earlier of (i) the time when the RSUs become nonforfeitable and are paid in accordance with Section 5 hereof or (ii) the time when the Grantee s right to receive Common Stock in payment of the RSUs is forfeited in accordance with Section 4 hereof, on the date that the Company pays a cash dividend (if any) to holders of Common Stock generally, the Grantee shall be credited with cash per RSU equal to the amount of such dividend. Any amounts credited pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall be subject to the same applicable terms and conditions (including vesting, payment and forfeitability) as apply to the RSUs based on which the dividend equivalents were credited, and such amounts shall be paid in cash at the same time as the RSUs to which they relate. 

(c) The obligations of the Company under this Agreement will be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to deliver Common Stock in the future, and the rights of the Grantee will be no greater than that of an unsecured general creditor. No assets of the Company will be held or set aside as security for the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 

7. Adjustments . The RSUs and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable for each RSU, and the other terms and conditions of the grant evidenced by this Agreement, are subject to mandatory adjustment, including as provided in Section 11 of the Plan. 

8. Withholding Taxes . To the extent that the Company is required to withhold federal, state, local or foreign taxes or other amounts in connection with the delivery to the Grantee of Common Stock or any other payment to the Grantee or any other payment or vesting event under this Agreement, the Grantee agrees that the Company will withhold any taxes required to be 

2 
 NAI-1522584827v4 
 
 EX-10.26 
 withheld by the Company under federal, state, local or foreign law as a result of the settlement of the RSUs in an amount sufficient to satisfy the minimum statutory withholding amount. To the extent that the amounts available to the Company for such withholding are insufficient, it shall be a condition to the obligation of the Company to make any such delivery or payment that the Grantee make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for payment of the balance of such taxes or other amounts required to be withheld. Any shares of Common Stock retained to cover tax withholding shall be credited against any such withholding requirement at the market value of such Common Stock on the date of such delivery. In no event will the market value of the Common Stock to be withheld and/or delivered pursuant to this Section 8 to satisfy applicable withholding taxes exceed the maximum amount of taxes or other amounts that could be required to be withheld. 

9. Compliance With Law . The Company shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. securities and other applicable laws; provided , however , notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan and this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to issue any Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement if the issuance thereof would result in a violation of any such law. 

10. Compliance With or Exemption From Section 409A of the Code . To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement and the Plan comply with or be exempt from the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. This Agreement and the Plan shall be administered in a manner consistent with this intent, and any provision that would cause this Agreement or the Plan to fail to satisfy Section 409A of the Code shall have no force or effect until amended to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code (which amendment may be retroactive to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code and may be made by the Company without the consent of the Grantee). Further, the Company does not make any representation to the Grantee that the RSUs satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and the Company will have no liability or other obligation to indemnify or hold harmless the Grantee or any other party for any tax, additional tax, interest or penalties that the Grantee or any other party may incur in the event that any provision of the Agreement or any amendment or modification thereof or any other action taken with respect thereto, is deemed to violate any of the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 

11. Interpretation . Any reference in this Agreement to Section 409A of the Code will also include any proposed, temporary or final regulations, or any other guidance, promulgated with respect to such Section by the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. 

12. No Right to Future Awards or Employment . The grant of the RSUs under this Agreement to the Grantee is a voluntary, discretionary award being made on a one-time basis and it does not constitute a commitment to make any future awards or provide benefits in lieu of RSUs, even if RSUs have been awarded repeatedly in the past. The grant of the RSUs and any payments made hereunder will not be considered salary or other compensation for purposes of any severance pay or similar allowance, except as otherwise required by law. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon the Grantee any right to be employed or remain employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of the 

3 
 NAI-1522584827v4 
 
 EX-10.26 
 Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate the employment or adjust the compensation of the Grantee. 

13. Relation to Other Benefits . Any economic or other benefit to the Grantee under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Grantee may be entitled under any profit-sharing, retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and shall not affect the amount of any life insurance coverage available to any beneficiary under any life insurance plan covering employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

14. Amendments . Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto; provided , however , that (a) no amendment shall adversely affect the rights of the Grantee under this Agreement without the Grantee s written consent, and (b) the Grantee s consent shall not be required to an amendment that is deemed necessary by the Company to ensure compliance with Section 409A of the Code or Section 10D of the Exchange Act. 

15. Severability . In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be valid and fully enforceable. 

16. Relation to Plan . This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein or in the Plan, have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Grantee acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the award described herein (and any settlement thereof) are subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s clawback policy (if any) as may be in effect from time to time, including specifically to implement Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated thereunder (including applicable rules and regulations of any national securities exchange on which the Common Stock may be traded) (the Compensation Recovery Policy ), and that relevant sections of this Agreement shall be deemed superseded by and subject to the terms and conditions of the Compensation Recovery Policy from and after the effective date thereof. 

17. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the RSUs and the Grantee s participation in the Plan, or future awards that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means or request the Grantee s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Grantee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 

18. Data Privacy . The Grantee explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Grantee s personal data as 

4 
 NAI-1522584827v4 
 
 EX-10.26 
 described in this document by and among, as applicable, the Grantee s employer Employer and the Company and its Subsidiaries, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Grantee s participation in the Plan. The Grantee understands that Employer and the Company and its Subsidiaries hold (but only process or transfer to the extent required or permitted by local law) the following personal information about the Grantee: the Grantee s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, passport number, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all RSUs or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Grantee s favor, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan (collectively, Data ). The Grantee understands that Data may be transferred to third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in the Grantee s country or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than those that apply in the Grantee s country. The Grantee understands that the Grantee may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the Grantee s local human resources representative. The Grantee authorizes these recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Grantee s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Grantee may elect to deposit any shares acquired upon vesting or earning of the RSUs. The Grantee understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Grantee s participation in the Plan and in accordance with local law. The Grantee understands that the Grantee may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost by contacting in writing the Grantee s local human resources representative. The Grantee understands, however, that refusing or withdrawing the Grantee s consent may affect the Grantee s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Grantee s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Grantee hereby understands that the Grantee may contact his or her local human resources representative. 

19. Nature of the Grant . In accepting the RSUs, the Grantee acknowledges that: 

(a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement; 

(b) all decisions with respect to future grants of RSUs, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; 

(c) the Grantee s participation in the Plan is voluntary; 

(d) RSUs are outside the scope of the Grantee s employment contract, if any; 

(e) in the event that the Grantee is not an employee of the Company, the grant of RSUs will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with 

5 
 NAI-1522584827v4 
 
 EX-10.26 
 the Company; and furthermore, the grant of RSUs will not be interpreted to form an employment contract with the Employer or any other related entity; 

(f) the future value of the underlying Common Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty; 

(g) if the Grantee receives Common Stock upon vesting of the RSUs, the value of such Common Stock may increase or decrease in value; 

(h) in consideration of the grant of RSUs, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages arises from termination of the RSUs or diminution in value of the RSUs or shares received upon vesting of RSUs resulting from termination of the Grantee s service to the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and the Grantee irrevocably releases the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by signing this Agreement, the Grantee shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived his or her entitlement to pursue such claim; 

(i) the RSUs and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement not otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or provided by the Company in its discretion, to have the RSUs or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Common Stock; 

(j) for purposes of the RSUs, the Grantee s continuous employment will be considered terminated as of the date the Grantee is no longer actively providing services to the Company, the Employer or any Subsidiary (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Grantee provides services or the terms of the Grantee s employment agreement, if any), and such date will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., the Grantee s period of continuous employment would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Grantee provides services or the terms of his or her service agreement, if any); the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Grantee is no longer actively continuously employed for purposes of the RSUs (including whether the Grantee may still be considered to be continuously employed while on a leave of absence); and 

(k) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Grantee s local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value of the RSUs or any amounts due to the Grantee pursuant to the settlement of the RSUs or the subsequent sale of Common Stock acquired upon settlement of the RSUs. 

6 
 NAI-1522584827v4 
 
 EX-10.26 
 20. Governing Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed with the internal substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any principle of law that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. For any legal action relating to this Agreement, the parties to this Agreement consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, U.S.A. 

21. Successors and Assigns . Without limiting Section 3 hereof, the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of the Grantee, and the successors and assigns of the Company. 

22. Acknowledgement . The Grantee acknowledges that the Grantee (a) has received a copy of the Plan, (b) has had an opportunity to review the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, (c) has agreed to the receipt of this Agreement and all documents related to the RSUs in the English language, (d) understands the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan and (e) agrees to such terms and conditions. 

23. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement. 

24. Non-U.S. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the grant and RSUs shall also be subject to the special terms and conditions set forth in the Non-U.S. Addendum attached as Appendix A to this Agreement for the Grantee s country. Moreover, if the Grantee is not a resident of any of the countries listed on Appendix A as of the Date of Grant, but relocates to one of the countries included in the Non-U.S. Addendum, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Grantee to the extent that the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Grantee s relocation). The Non-U.S. Addendum attached hereto as Appendix A constitutes part of this Agreement. 

[SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE] 
 
 7 
 NAI-1522584827v4 
 
 EX-10.26 
 CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. 
 
 By: 				 	 
 
 Name: Todd Gleason Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Grantee Acknowledgment and Acceptance 
 
 By: Electronic Signature 
 8 
 NAI-1522584827v4 
 
 EX-10.26 
 
 The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that by clicking the [ Accept ] button on the E TRADE website, it will act as the Grantee s electronic signature to this Agreement and will constitute the Grantee s acceptance of and agreement with all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 0 
 
 EX-10.26 
 APPENDIX A 
 
 NON-U.S. ADDENDUM (RSUs) 
 
 Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Grants Under the CECO Environmental Corp. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 
 
 February 2023 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 This Appendix A includes additional terms and conditions that govern the RSUs granted to the Grantee under the CECO Environmental Corp. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (referred to as the Plan if the Grantee works and/or resides in one of the countries listed below. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix A have the meanings set forth in the Plan and/or the Grantee s award agreement (the Agreement that relates to the Grantee s award. By accepting the award, the Grantee agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions contained in the paragraphs below in addition to the terms of the Plan, the Agreement, and the terms of any other document that may apply to the Grantee and the award. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 This Appendix A also includes information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which the Grantee should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of February 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, it is strongly recommended that the Grantee not rely on the information in this Appendix A as the only source of information relating to the consequences of the Grantee s participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Grantee vests in the RSUs or sells Common Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to the Grantee s particular situation, and CECO Environmental Corp. (the Company is not in a position to assure the Grantee of a particular result. Accordingly, the Grantee is advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in the Grantee s country may apply to the Grantee s situation. 
 
 Finally, if the Grantee is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Grantee is currently working, transferred employment after the RSUs were granted to the Grantee, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not apply. 
 1 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 ceco-ex10_27.htm
 EX-10.27

EX-10 

EX-10.27 

Grantee: 
 FIRST_NAME_LAST_NAME 

Number of Restricted Stock Units RSUs : 
 TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED,7 

Agreement Date: 
 OPTION_DATE,1 

Date of Grant: 
 VEST_BASE_DATE,1 

Vesting Date: 
 This will vary but for US directors as follows: on the first anniversary of the Date of Grant 

CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units Agreement 
 
 This RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of the date set forth above (the Date of Grant , by and between CECO Environmental Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the individual named above (the Grantee ). 
 
 1. Certain Definitions . Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined, in this Agreement will have the meanings given to such terms in the CECO Environmental Corp. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ). 

2. Grant of RSUs . Subject to and upon the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, pursuant to authorization under resolutions of the Committee, the Company has granted to the Grantee as of the Date of Grant specified above the number of Restricted Stock Units RSUs as set forth above. Each RSU shall represent the right of the Grantee to receive one share of Common Stock subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

3. Restrictions on Transfer of RSUs . Subject to Section 15 of the Plan, neither the RSUs evidenced hereby nor any interest therein or in the Common Stock underlying such RSUs shall be transferable prior to payment to the Grantee pursuant to Section 5 hereof other than by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution. 

4. Vesting of RSUs . The RSUs covered by this Agreement shall become nonforfeitable and payable to the Grantee pursuant to Section 5 hereof as of the vesting date identified above (the Vesting Date ), if the Grantee remains a member of the Board until such date . Subject to the terms of the Plan, any RSUs that do not so become nonforfeitable will be forfeited, including if the Grantee ceases to serve on the Board prior to the Vesting Date. 

5. Form and Time of Payment of RSUs . 

(a) Payment for the RSUs, after and to the extent they have become nonforfeitable, shall be made in the form of Common Stock. Payment shall be made as soon as administratively practicable following (but no later than thirty (30) days following) the date that the RSUs become nonforfeitable pursuant to Section 4 hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Grantee has elected to defer payment of Common Stock due upon vesting of the RSUs in accordance with 

EX-10.27 
 the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, such issuance of Common Stock will instead be made, or commence, on the date that the Grantee elected in accordance with the deferred compensation plan. 

(b) The Company s obligations to the Grantee with respect to the RSUs will be satisfied in full upon the issuance of Common Stock corresponding to such RSUs. 

6. Dividend Equivalents; Voting and Other Rights . 

(a) The Grantee shall have no rights of ownership in the Common Stock underlying the RSUs and no right to vote the Common Stock underlying the RSUs until the date on which the Common Stock underlying the RSUs is issued or transferred to the Grantee pursuant to Section 5 above. 

(b) From and after the Date of Grant and until the earlier of (i) the time when the RSUs become nonforfeitable and are paid in accordance with Section 5 hereof or 

(ii) the time when the Grantee s right to receive Common Stock in payment of the RSUs is forfeited in accordance with Section 4 hereof, on the date that the Company pays a cash dividend (if any) to holders of Common Stock generally, the Grantee shall be credited with cash per RSU equal to the amount of such dividend. Any amounts credited pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall be subject to the same applicable terms and conditions (including vesting, payment and forfeitability) as apply to the RSUs based on which the dividend equivalents were credited, and such amounts shall be paid in cash at the same time as the RSUs to which they relate. 
 
 (c) The obligations of the Company under this Agreement will be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to deliver Common Stock in the future, and the rights of the Grantee will be no greater than that of an unsecured general creditor. No assets of the Company will be held or set aside as security for the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 

7. Adjustments . The RSUs and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable for each RSU, and the other terms and conditions of the grant evidenced by this Agreement, are subject to mandatory adjustment, including as provided in Section 11 of the Plan. 

8. Taxes . The Grantee will be solely responsible for the payment of all taxes that arise with respect to the granting and payment of the RSUs, including the payment of any shares of Common Stock. 

9. Compliance With Law . The Company shall make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws; provided , however , notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan and this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to issue any Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement if the issuance thereof would result in a violation of any such law. 

10. Compliance With or Exemption From Section 409A of the Code . To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement and the Plan comply with or be exempt from the 

EX-10.27 
 provisions of Section 409A of the Code. This Agreement and the Plan shall be administered in a manner consistent with this intent, and any provision that would cause this Agreement or the Plan to fail to satisfy Section 409A of the Code shall have no force or effect until amended to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code (which amendment may be retroactive to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code and may be made by the Company without the consent of the Grantee). Further, the Company does not make any representation to the Grantee that the RSUs satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and the Company will have no liability or other obligation to indemnify or hold harmless the Grantee or any other party for any tax, additional tax, interest or penalties that the Grantee or any other party may incur in the event that any provision of the Agreement or any amendment or modification thereof or any other action taken with respect thereto, is deemed to violate any of the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 

11. Interpretation . Any reference in this Agreement to Section 409A of the Code will also include any proposed, temporary or final regulations, or any other guidance, promulgated with respect to such Section by the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. 

12. No Right to Future Awards or Board Membership . The grant of the RSUs under this Agreement to the Grantee is a voluntary, discretionary award being made on a one- time basis and it does not constitute a commitment to make any future awards. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon the Grantee any right to continued service as a member of the Board. 

13. Amendments . Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto; provided , however , that 

(a) no amendment shall adversely affect the rights of the Grantee under this Agreement without the Grantee s written consent, and (b) the Grantee s consent shall not be required to an amendment that is deemed necessary by the Company to ensure compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 14. Severability . In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be valid and fully enforceable. 

15. Relation to Plan . This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein or in the Plan, have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with this Agreement. 

16. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the RSUs and the Grantee s participation in the Plan, or future awards that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means or request the Grantee s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Grantee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 

EX-10.27 
 
 17. Governing Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed with the internal substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any principle of law that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. For any legal action relating to this Agreement, the parties to this Agreement consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, U.S.A. 

18. Successors and Assigns . Without limiting Section 3 hereof, the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of the Grantee, and the successors and assigns of the Company. 

19. Acknowledgement . The Grantee acknowledges that the Grantee (a) has received a copy of the Plan, (b) has had an opportunity to review the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, (c) understands the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan and (d) agrees to such terms and conditions. 

20. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement. 

[SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE] 

EX-10.27 
 CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP. 
 	 
 By: 	 
 
 Name: Todd R Gleason 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Grantee Acknowledgment and Acceptance 
 
 By: Electronic Signature 
 
 The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that by clicking the [ Accept ] button on the E TRADE website, it will act as the Grantee s electronic signature to this Agreement and will constitute the Grantee s acceptance of and agreement with all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan. 
 5 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 5
 ceco-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 

Subsidiary 
 State/County 

Aarding Thermal Acoustics B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Aarding Thermal Acoustics USA, Inc. 
 Delaware 

CECO Emtrol Buell India Pvt. Ltd. 
 India 

CECO Environmental IP, Inc. 
 Delaware 

CECO Environmental Mexico S de RL de CV. 
 Mexico 

CECO Environmental Middle East DMCC 
 United Arab Emirates 

CECO Environmental Netherlands B.V. 
 Netherlands 

CECO Environmental Services Mexico S de RL de CV. 
 Mexico 

CECO Group Global Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 

CECO Group, Inc. 
 Delaware 

CECO Industrial Solutions, Inc. 
 Delaware 

CECO Mexico Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 

CECO Peerless (China) Environmental Co. Ltd. 
 China 

CECO Peerless China Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 

Compass Water Solutions, Inc. 
 Delaware 

DS21 Co. Ltd. 
 South Korea 

EFM Equipment Company LLC 
 Delaware 

Effox-Flextor-Mader Inc. 
 Delaware 

Emtrol-Buell Services FZE 
 Nigeria 

Emtrol, LLC 
 New York 

Emtrol, Ltd. 
 Canada 

Environmental Integrated Solutions Ltd 
 United Kingdom 

CECO Environmental (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. 
 China 

FKI, LLC 
 Delaware 

Flextor, Inc. 
 Canada 

General Rubber LLC 
 Florida 

H.M. White, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Mefiag (Guangzhou) Filter Systems Ltd. 
 China 

Mefiag B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Met-Pro (Hong Kong) Co. Ltd. 
 Hong Kong 

Met-Pro Technologies, LLC 
 Delaware 

MP China Co. Ltd. 
 Hong Kong 

CECO Environmental Asia-Pacific Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 

Peerless Europe, Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 

Peerless Manufacturing Co. 
 Texas 

The Kirk Blum Manufacturing Co. 
 Ohio 

Western Air Ducts Limited 
 United Kingdom 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 ceco-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 CECO Environmental Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 Dallas, Texas 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-239224, 333-239707, and 333-256466) and Form S-3 (No. 333-264623) of CECO Environmental Corp. and Subsidiaries of our reports dated March 6, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, and the effectiveness of CECO Environmental Corp. and Subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Form 10-K. 
 /s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 
 March 6, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 7
 ceco-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Todd Gleason, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of CECO Environmental Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ T ODD G LEASON 

Todd Gleason Chief Executive Officer March 6, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 8
 ceco-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Peter Johansson, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of CECO Environmental Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ P ETER J OHANSSON 

Peter Johansson Chief Financial and Strategy Officer March 6, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 9
 ceco-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of CECO Environmental Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Todd Gleason, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ T ODD G LEASON 

Todd Gleason Chief Executive Officer March 6, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 10
 ceco-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of CECO Environmental Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Peter Johansson, Chief Financial and Strategy Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ P ETER J OHANSSON 

Peter Johansson Chief Financial and Strategy Officer March 6, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 ceco-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 ceco-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 ceco-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 ceco-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 ceco-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

