<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1393772_0001199835-23-000186.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4452878</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>190833</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>838779</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1426180</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>842011</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1036888</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001199835-23-000186.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331153556
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001199835-23-000186
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WEED, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001393772
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				830452269
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53727
		FILM NUMBER:		23787128

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4920 N. POST TRAIL
		CITY:			TUCSON
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85750
		BUSINESS PHONE:		520-818-8582

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4920 N. POST TRAIL
		CITY:			TUCSON
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85750

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED MINES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070320

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001199835-23-000186.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 weed-10k.htm
 WEED, INC. 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from_____________ to _____________. 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 

(I.R.S.
Employer 
 Identification
No.) 

,
 
 (Address
of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

None 
 None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, par value 0.001 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

x No
 o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated
 filer o 

o 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o x 

Aggregate
market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates: as based on last reported sales price of such stock on June 30, 2022.
The voting stock held by non-affiliates on that date consisted of 47,210,680 shares of common stock the closing stock price was 0.10. 

Applicable
Only to Registrants Involved in Bankruptcy Proceedings During the Preceding Five Years: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes o
 No o 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of
March 30, 2023, there were shares of common stock, 0.001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

List
hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which
the document is incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus
filed pursuant to rule 424(b) or (c) of the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification
purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980). None. 

1 

WEED,
Inc. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1 BUSINESS 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 16 
 
 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 20 
 
 ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 
 21 
 
 ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 21 
 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 21 

PART II 

ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 22 
 
 ITEM 6 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 23 
 
 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 
 23 
 
 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 29 
 
 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 29 
 
 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 29 
 
 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 30 
 
 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 
 32 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNACE 
 33 
 
 ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 37 
 
 ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 41 
 
 ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 41 
 
 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 45 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 46 

2 

PART
I 

Explanatory
Note 

Forward
Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ).
These statements are based on management s beliefs and assumptions, and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking
statements include the information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations of the Company set forth under the heading
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition or Plan of Operation. Forward-looking statements also include
statements in which words such as expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, 
 estimate, consider, or similar expressions are used. 

Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. The Company s future results
and shareholder values may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to put
undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 

ITEM
1 BUSINESS 

Corporate
History 

We
were originally incorporated under the name Plae, Inc., in the State of Arizona on August 20, 1999. At the time we operated under the
name Plae, Inc., no business was conducted. No books or records were maintained and no meetings were held. In essence, nothing was done
after incorporation until Glenn E. Martin took possession of Plae, Inc. in January 2005. On February 18, 2005, the corporate name was
changed to King Mines, Inc. and then subsequently changed to its current name, United Mines, Inc., on March 30, 2005. No shares were
issued until the Company became United Mines, Inc. From 2005 until 2015, we were an exploration stage mineral exploration company that
owned a number of unpatented BLM mining claims and Arizona State Land Department exploration leases. 

On
November 26, 2014, our Board of Directors approved the redomestication of our company from Arizona to Nevada (the Articles of
Domestication ), and approved Articles of Incorporation in Nevada, which differed from then-Articles of Incorporation in Arizona,
primarily by (a) changing our name from United Mines, Inc. to WEED, Inc., (b) authorizing Twenty Million (20,000,000) shares of preferred
stock, with blank check rights granted to our Board of Directors, and (c) authorizing Two Hundred Million (200,000,000) shares of common
stock (the Nevada Articles of Incorporation ). On December 19, 2014, the holders of a majority of our outstanding common
stock approved the Articles of Domestication and the Nevada Articles of Incorporation at a Special Meeting of Shareholders. On January
16, 2015, the Articles of Domestication and the Nevada Articles of Incorporation went effective with the Secretary of State of the State
of Nevada. On February 2, 2015, our name change to WEED, Inc., and a corresponding ticker symbol change to BUDZ went effective
with FINRA and was reflected on the quotation of our common stock on OTC Markets. 

These
changes were effected in order to make our corporate name and ticker symbol better align with our short-term and long-term business focus,
which in the short-term is to conduct Sangre s Cannabis Genomic Study over the next 5 years, process those results, and in the
long-term to be an international cannabis and hemp research and product development company, with a globally-recognized brand focusing
on building and purchasing labs, land and building commercial grade Cultivation Centers to consult, assist, manage 
lease to universities, state governments, licensed dispensary owners and worldwide organic grow operators on a contract basis, with a
concentration on the legal and medical Cannabis sector. Our long-term plan is to become a True Seed-to-Sale global holding
company providing infrastructure, financial solutions, product development and real estate options in this new emerging market. Our long
term plans may also include acquisitions of synergistic businesses, such as distilleries to make infused beverages and/or super oxygenated
water with CBD and THC. We have also formed WEED Australia Ltd., registered as an unlisted public company in Australia, to address future
global demand, however the entity has been essentially dormant other than building relationships and speaking at The Pharmaceutical Guild
of Australia conference event in Sydney Australia, September 2019, since its inception. 

3 

Our
corporate offices are located at 4920 N. Post Trail, Tucson, AZ 85750, telephone number (520) 818-8582. 

Business Overview 

General 

Currently,
WEED and its subsidiaries are working on or planning for several different business opportunities in the cannabis hemp field, including,
but not limited to: both indoor and outdoor grows , cultivations harvest for research, product development, processing
and manufacturing of both Pharma non-Pharma products, services, therapeutics, and treatments on a global basis for both the Medical
Cannabis Hemp 

Second,
on November 22, 2021, WEED completed the purchase of the Sugar Hill Golf course property located in the town of Portland, New York. WEED s
acquisition of this ~43 acre property with ~2000 ft. of Lake Erie waterfront also comes with the unlimited water extractions rights 
from Lake Erie related to the property, along with a complete wastewater management plant. WEED s initial plan is to utilize the
property to access the hemp and infused beverage markets as our property in the middle of the largest concord grape producing region
of the United States. In the future, WEED may look to use the unique property infrastructure to build a luxury condos resort development
in the most natural settings to be ESG compliant in conjunction to WEEDs forming its Social Equity Advisory Council (SEAC) to create
Diversity Equality in our industry. This project is only in its conceptual stage, no funding or plans have been developed other
than the proposed name: The 4 Winds Luxury condos resort to be Cannabis Friendly which would be a FIRST 
in the nation. 

Third,
WEED established WEED Australia Ltd. and its wholly owned Cannabis Institute of Australia (C.I.A.) in Australia in March of 2017, for
the purpose of conducting cannabis and hemp research and potentially developing products and educational services in and for Australians
as stated above. C.I.A. is a non-profit entity formed for the purpose of conducting cannabis and hemp research with universities and
other non-profits to protect all intellectual rights, properties and usage in our highly regulated industry. The C.I.A. has the potential
to develop products in Australia for domestic research and development of products, services and educational purposes to all seven States
and territories, including Tasmania, to be marketed globally. 

Our
first business opportunity was, and continues to be, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Sangre AT, LLC Sangre ), where
we are focused on the development and application of cannabis-derived compounds for the treatment of human disease and animal ailments.
To that end Sangre, was working on a planned five-year Cannabis Genomic Study to complete a genetic blueprint of the Cannabis plant genus,
by creating a global genomic classification of the entire plant. Sangre completed a 1-2 year Pilot Study in 2017 2018 at the University
of Texas-Galveston thru Industrial Metagenomics at a cost of nearly 1 million USD. Sangre completed the pilot study with 30 cultivars
from strains collected worldwide that included 30 strains (twenty-four female and six male). These results are highly proprietary and
the basis of future studies to come. We need to raise additional funds to continue the next steps in our Cannabis Genomic Study. 

4 

On
May 14 th , 2018, the 70 th Anniversary of the statehood of Israel, WEED formed its wholly owned subsidiary,
WEED Israel Cannabis Ltd., with the goal of completing and adding to the noted studies above. As such, WEED Israel worked with the Hebrew
University in Jerusalem and with the top scientists globally in the field of Cannabis hemp. To that effect, WEED Israel looked
to conduct clinical trials and product development that would be the quality and acceptability of the FDA in the United States. Due to
current laws and conditions in the USA, all research results and product development for both Pharma Non-Pharma products, cannot
be introduced the United States marketplace. Since starting in 2018, the USA has made vast improvements and advancements in the legalization
of both Cannabis and hemp. As of the end of 2021 there are 37 States that have approved a State level medical cannabis and hemp programs,
along with the District of Colombia. In addition, there are 17 States that have implemented or approved the Adult Use i.e.
recreational psyhcoactive aspects of high THC usage of cannabis. 

In
conjunction with WEED Israel Cannabis Ltd., we made arrangements with Professor Elka Touitou to be the head of WEEDs Israeli Advisory
Board to lead and assist us with clinical trials in cannabis hemp research studies in Israel. Professor Touitou was the Head of
the Innovative Dermal, Transdermal and Transmucosal Delivery Lab at the Institute of Drug Research, The School of Pharmacy, HUJ, now
retired but still has HUJ clinical trial independent studies/lab privileges. Professor Touitou is an internationally renowned authority
in the field of drug delivery and design of new technologies for efficient administration of drugs and development of new products. Professor
Touitou has been involved in Cannabinoid research since 1988 at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, (HUJ) Jerusalem, Israel. Previously,
WEED was in the process of buying Professor Touitou s various patents to include the bioavailability aspects of the cannabaceae
plant. However, after expending over 500,000 USD to acquire the Professor Touitou s patents, we had to terminate the agreement
in 2019 due to the downturn of the Cannabis marketplace, and specifically as to public cannabis companies, which could not be resumed
due to the Covid pandemic that was/is still ongoing globally. We have kept in constant contact with Professor Touitou thru our Managing
Director of WEED Israel, Mr. Elliot Kwestel. As of 2022, Dr. Touitou still has interest in working with WEED to complete the purchase
of her patents and begin clinical trials upon proper funding. WEED looks to achieve that funding thru our 40 million Regulation A+ Offering.
Currently WEED intends to file its post qualification filing with the SEC and launch our Offering later this spring. 

Cannabis
Genomic Study 

After
more than 50 years of illicit, underground breeding programs, the genetic integrity of Cannabis has been significantly degraded. WEED
Inc. owns and or controls over 250 cultivars from 1970 Landrace Strains to include Panama Red, Acapulco Gold, Red Bud Colombian,
Thailand, G13, Santa Marta Gold and Afghan pure strains currently for research purposes until proper licensing can be acquired. Our subsidiary,
Sangre AT, LLC Sangre plans to use a gene-based breeding program to root out inferior cultivars and replace them with
fully-validated and patentable cultivars which produce consistent plant products for the medicinal and Adult use markets. We believe
our unique gene-based breeding program will improve cultivars and introduce integrity, stability, and quality to the market in the following
ways: 

Accelerated
and optimized growth rates; modern genomic resources will enhance traditional breeding methods 

Generation
of new cultivars, accelerating and perfecting the art of selective breeding 

Provide
the ability to assay for specific genes within the crop, which is critical to strain tracking and market quality assurance 

Improve
disease and drought resistance 

5 

We
believe our gene-based breeding program will facilitate and accelerate: 

Improved
therapeutic properties 

New
therapies for migraines/chronic pain, epilepsy, cancer, PTSD, chronic head injury, and others 

Enhanced
opportunities for new drug discovery through collaborations with national and international medical research/treatment centers, bio-pharma
companies including nutraceuticals and botanical companies 

Development
and protection of intellectual property on a global scale. WEED currently owns several trademarks for WEED, WEED Rules!, Panama Red and
Acapulco Gold in several countries in certain limited International categories as placeholders for future growth. 

The
Research Plan 

In
order to achieve the desired results outlined above, Sangre has developed a research plan entitled the Cannabis Genomic Study. 
The goal of the study is to complete a global genomic classification of the Cannabis plant genus. Once the classification is complete,
the research team plans to develop new cannabis and industrial hemp strains that show the highest likelihood of being successful in the
treatment of a variety of human diseases, test those strains and then work to produce those strains in a medicinal form for the treatment
of disease. The research plan will be conducted using the following steps: Extraction, Purification, Sequencing. Annotation, and Cloning
(micro-propagation). 

Extraction :
The extraction of genomic DNA from cannabis is a complex process of cell lysis and DNA recovery. Sangre has evaluated, updated, and validated
new methods for DNA recovery. 

Purification :
Using next generation purification chemistries, the DNA is cleaned and concentrated for downstream applications. 

Sequencing :
The Cannabis DNA is sequenced using both the Illumina MiSeq and MinIon instruments. 

Annotation :
The genomic data is assembled and annotated using proprietary bioinformatic systems and the data provided to the Sangre AgroTech genetic
breeders and cellular cloners. 

Cloning :
Through this process, new, high-value cannabis strains are developed. 

The
objectives of the research plan are as follows: 

Technical
Objective 1 : Using two next generation sequencing platforms and proprietary bioinformatics programs, we will sequence five cultivars
of Cannabis, and generate fully annotated genomic data. 

Technical
Objective 2 : Using the selected cultivars, backcross and forward hybridization studies will be performed to produce a new generation
of stock. The progeny of these crosses will be grown, genetically finger-printed, and introduced to the market under patent protection.
Up-selection and cultivation of cultivars for quality assurance. 

Technical
Objective 3 : Genotypic and phenotypic measurements of the offspring will be performed using Next Generation Sequence Analysis,
Genotyping, and Phenotyping analysis. Product focus groups will evaluate new cultivars. Patent protection will be initiated for new cultivars
which meet product development criteria. 

Technical
Objective 4 : Utilize gene-driven breeding of up-selected cultivars to initiate the generation of designer cultivars
for clinical research. 

6 

Technical
Objective 5 : Market placement of selected, genetically enhanced cultivars for the medicinal and bio-pharma markets. 

Where
We Are in the Research Plan 

As
noted above, phase one of our planned pilot study Cannabis Genomic Study includes extraction technologies .
On April 20, 2017, we, in connection with Industrial Metagenomics, initiated the genomic study by extracting DNA from seven cannabis
strains in Tucson, Arizona. Sangre followed the initial extraction with a second round of extractions in July 2017. So far, Industrial
Megagenomics, under their agreement with Sangre have designed, tested, and developed standard operating procedures for efficient DNA
isolation and sequencing of Cannabis genomes. Extensive bioinformatics analysis of repeatable and variable regions has been performed
on newly generated DNA, sequencing data of 30 landrace cultivars and publicly available genomes to identify potential biomarkers to type
cannabis plants without the need for whole genome sequencing. The developed biomarkers were prepared into a package for patenting, however,
we are waiting for funding to perform in-vivo validation. We believe we will be able to finish phase one of the trial within 9-12 months
after we have secured sufficient financing. 

Under
the next phase of our genomic study, we plan to continue our genetic studies in both the United States and Israel for phase 2, moving
directly to clinical human trials with our wholly owned subsidiary, WEED Israel Cannabis Ltd. under the guidance of Professor Elka Touitou,
who has patented Delivery systems to increase bioavailability with Hundreds of formulas she developed at the Hebrew University
of Jerusalem since 1988. In addition, Professor Elka has worked with World Class scientists such as Dr. Raphael Mechoulam and many top
echelon scientists in Israel in Cannabis studies and Human Trials outside of the scope of Patents and Formulas with WEED Inc. In February
2019, Glenn Martin, our CEO, and WEED Israel Managing Director, Elliot Kwestel, met with Dr. Mechoulam in his office at HUJ to discuss
WEED Israel goals of attaining a high THC cultivar to synthesis for controlled dosing purposes as discussed below. We are ready to begin
this phase, but need additional funding in order to proceed with the planned clinical trials, as well as to continue on to future phases
of the genomic study. 

After
the planned clinical trials, and assuming they are successful, then in Phase 3, we plan for WEED Israel Cannabis Ltd. to utilize our
human clinical trials with continuing genetic studies in Israel, not just at University levels but to include separate studies at Israeli
Hospitals and clinics across Israel from Haifa to Tel Aviv, under Contract Research Organizations (CROs) in order to begin final research
 developments from strain extractions to advance manufacturing, refinement of raw product, scientifically backed, to incorporate
into Protocols and Procedures, QA/QC to meet EU standards, TGA standards in Australia, and that will meet World Class standards required
by the FDA in the United States. This strong pipeline and provenance will clarify and streamline licensing standards to issue all vertically
integrated licenses needed in each jurisdiction that we enter in each country. We plan to utilize the highest GMP standards for eventual
sale to the public, both for Domestic use and International export. 

Under
the continuation of Phase 3 and for Phase 4 assuming our human clinical trials proved to be successful, we plan for WEED Israel
Cannabis Ltd., once cleared and permitted by The Israeli Ministry of Health, to begin to move to manufacturing of product both for commercial
pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical uses. These above stated studies will include development of educational courses 
for continuing education to medical professionals to attract; Drs. PHDs, pharmacists, pharmacist assistants and retail managers, pharmacy
industry service providers, pharmacy trade press, educators, government officials, students new graduates, other pharmaceutical
 health-related industry professionals. 

In
addition, we plan for proprietary strains of cannabis genetics to be imported incorporated into our studies upon Ministry of Health
authorization or lead authorities globally for additional research and evaluation to complete DNA sequencing, Pathogen studies, Metabolic
Studies, and MetaBolomics analysis adding to our databases to increase efficiencies, worldwide. Our goal is to achieve a 38 - 40 THC
(tetrahydrocannabinol) plant, natural or enhanced genetics, to synthesis THC and THC-A to separate THC (pyschoactive) from THC-A (non-pyschoactive)
to control dosing for commercial release of products. We will conduct separate studies and evaluations for Cannabidiol (CBD), a phytocannabinoid.
CBD does not have the same psychoactivity as THC. CBD is one of 113 currently identified cannabinoids in the Cannabaceae plant. CBD accounts
for up to 40 of plant extracts. 

7 

This
also requires the development of continuing Education Studies to educate doctors and health practitioners on proper use
as stated above for increased bioavailability to achieve consistent controlled dosing for patients medical requirements and needs. This
will require short and long term, continual studies to supply proper medical advice and treatment to provide the highest quality medical
and legal use products for both humans and animal conditions and diseases. We will look to supply constant and continual medical information
and products for preventative treatments, therapies, with ultimate goal for eventual cures utilizing the Cannabis plant and its potential
for a panacea of medical relief worldwide. 

Four
Winds Lake Erie, LLC Infused Beverage Industry 

On
November 22, 2021, we acquired certain improved property located in Portland, New York from the prior owners for a total purchase price
of 477,000. The property is approximately 43 acres and has unlimited water extraction rights from the State of New York. We plan to
use this property as our inroads to the New York hemp and infused beverage markets in the future. In order to execute our business plans
related to the property we must raise funds. Along with future plans to build a Cannabis friendly condos resort with
a farm to food restaurant and winery. 

WEED
Australia Ltd. 

WEED
Australia Ltd. s corporate strategy is to become a leader in cannabis and hemp research and development. To support this goal WEED
Australia Ltd. has assembled a highly qualified team of well-respected Ph.D. s, scientists, researchers and business experts with
the goal of establishing an export industry. WEED Australia s personnel has presented at several conferences regarding the use
of cannabis for medical purposes as well as for other uses. We need additional funding in order to further WEED Australia s efforts
to conduct research and development activities in Australia. 

WEED
Israel Cannabis Ltd. 

Through
our subsidiary, WEED Israel Cannabis, Ltd., we have had an arrangement with Professor Elka Touitou to conduct clinical trials on cannabis
research and studies in Israel. Professor Touitou was the Head of the Innovative Dermal, Transdermal and Transmucosal Delivery Lab at
the Institute of Drug Research, The School of Pharmacy, HUJ, now retired but still has HUJ clinical trial independent studies/lab
privileges. Professor Touitou is an internationally renowned authority in the field of drug delivery and design of new technologies for
efficient administration of drugs and development of new products. As noted above with our genomic study, there is a strong possibility
that we do our initial clinic trials in Israel due to a variety of factors, including the fact that Dr.Touitou is located in Israel,
and the fact that Israel has certain advancements in the study of cannabis that we believe would be beneficial to our clinic trial work.
We need to raise additional funds in order to conduct our planned operations in Israel. 

Competitive
Advantages 

Sangre s
research and development team works with next generation sequencing (NGS) and emerging third generation instruments and has developed
the most advanced proprietary bioinformatics data systems available. Sangre uses a unique two sequencing approach. One system provides
DNA reads of up to 300,000 base pair reads and an NGS system which provides highly accurate short reads. This allows the genomic data
to be assembled in a scaffold construct; the long reads forming the scaffold and the short reads providing highly accurate verification
and quality assurance of the genomic data. This approach, together with the bioinformatics program, facilitates a highly accurate construct
of the Cannabis genome which can be annotated and facilitate gene discovery and gene location. Sangre combination of personnel, skill-sets,
and data analytics capabilities will allow us to accomplish our goals in months, rather than years. 

8 

Using
annotated genomic data and newly generated phenotypic data, we plan to identify and isolate regions of the genome which are related to
growth, synthesis of desired molecules, and environmental compatibility. This complex data set will be utilized in a breeding program
to generate and establish new hybrid cultivars which exemplify the traits that are desired by the medical community. This breeding program
will produce new seed stocks, clones, cultivars, and intellectual property which will generate value for the business organization. Eventual
expansion to Israel will allow us to include human clinical trials thru product development for its domestic and international export
markets. WEED looks to conduct these trials to meet the level of FDA required testing in hopes to speed up acceptance in USA once legally
allowable. 

Sangre
plans to develop a translational breeding program to establish a new collection of Cannabis cultivars for the USA national market. In
Israel we plan to establish a unique 2nd new collection of Cannabis Cultivars exclusive to WEED for the EU, Australian and Asian marketplace.
Using genetic screening technology and micro-propagation, cultivars can be up-selected for specific traits and grown to address the needs
of consumers in the medicinal and drug discovery markets. The combination of next generation genomics, selective hybridization, and In
Vitro cloning provide us with the tools to enhance new cultivars of patentable Cannabis. 

Marketing 

We
have not developed a marketing plan and do not intend to until we are in the latter stages of the Cannabis Genomic Study and believe
we have strains that are marketable for the treatment of disease. At that time we plan to develop a marketing plan for our newly-developed
strains of Cannabis and hemp. We believe that if we are successful in developing strains of Cannabis and hemp that effectively treat
human and animal diseases then the market for our products will be a vibrant market. We will continue to look to acquire companies with
revenue and companies or individuals with unique proprietary strains for future growth. We believe securing intellectual property, where
possible, and branding are keys to long term financial success in the emerging global cannabis and hemp industries. 

Manufacturing 

We
are not currently manufacturing any products and do not intend to do so until we are in the latter stages of the Cannabis Genomic Study
and believe we have strains that are marketable for the treatment of disease such that we could begin the manufacturing of such products,
either in-house or through relationships with third party companies. We do not currently have any relationships with third party companies
for the manufacturing of any products. 

General
Competition 

The
cannabis industry, taken as a whole, is an emerging industry with many new entrants, with some of them focused on research, some on medicinal
cannabis and others focused on cannabis for legal, adult use, i.e. recreational use. We are currently focused solely on
the research and medicinal cannabis part of the industry. Additionally, many cannabis companies are international companies due to the
restrictions on the cannabis industry in the U.S. 

9 

Those
companies that would be considered competition once WEED has completed its research and development of commercial products would consist
of: 

Canopy
Growth Corporation fka Tweed. Symbol: WEED.TO and CGC on the NASDAQ. Canopy Growth changed their symbol on the Toronto Stock Exchange
from CGC.TO to WEED.TO after WEED hit over 1.5 billion marketcap in January 2018. 

Aurora
Corporation, symbol: ACB.TO and ACB on the NASDAQ stock exchange 

Cronos
Group, symbol: CRON.TO and CRON on the NASDAQ stock exchange 

Trulieve
Cannabis Corp. symbol: CSE: TRUL and OTCQX: TCNNF 

TerrAscend
Corporation. Symbol: TRSSF on the US. OTCQX 

Tilray
Brands, Inc. symbol: TRLY.TO and TRLY on the NASDAQ stock exchange 

MEDICAL
Research Competition 

At
this point in our development, we believe our competitors are those companies that are attempting study and sequence cannabis DNA with
the goal of creating medicines from that research. We do not view ourselves in competition with those companies currently growing and/or
selling cannabis for medicinal or recreational adult use since we are primarily a research company at this stage. However,
in the future WEED looks provide both pharmaceutical grade medicinal products along with non-pharmaceutical products, such as Acapulco
Gold suntan lotion as an example. We are aware of companies that supply synthetic cannabinoids and cannabis extracts to researchers for
pre-clinical and clinical investigation. We are also aware of various companies that cultivate cannabis plants with a view to supplying
herbal cannabis or non-pharmaceutical cannabis-based formulations to patients. These activities have not been approved by the FDA or
the TGA in Australia. 

We
have never endorsed or supported the idea of distributing or legalizing crude herbal cannabis, or preparations derived from crude herbal
cannabis for medical use and do not believe our research to hopefully create prescription cannabinoids are the same, and therefore competitive,
with crude herbal cannabis. We believe that only a cannabinoid medication, one that is standardized in composition, formulation and dose,
administered by means of an appropriate delivery system, and tested in properly controlled pre-clinical and clinical studies, can meet
the standards of regulatory authorities around the world, including those of the FDA. We believe that any cannabinoid medication must
be subjected to, and satisfy, such rigorous scrutiny through proper accredited education and federal regulations. 

As
cannabis has moved through the legalization process in North America, research groups in Canada and the Unites States, along with Israel,
Australia, have initiated work on understanding the Cannabis genome. 

The
methods of competition for companies in the cannabis research market segment revolve around a variety of factors, including, but not
limited to, experience of the company s research team, the facilities used by the company to conduct research, the instrumentation
used to sequence DNA, the company s internal research protocols, and the company s relationship with those in the scientific
community. 

Applying
those competitive factors to WEED, Inc.: our research team has decades of experience (including peer-reviewed publications and conference
presentations), we have dedicated over 14,000 square feet of research space to the resolution of cannabis genomics and the development
of new strains, our instrumentation is designed to sequence large pieces of DNA (>25,000 bp - 10 times larger than our typical competitors),
and we use custom bioinformatics (DNA sequence analysis software) not available to any other competitor in the industry. We believe these
factors, along with our strong relationships in the industry and our unique validation protocols, will allow us to measure up favorably
when compared to our competition. 

10 

Next
Generation Sequencing 

Next-generation
sequencing (NGS), introduced nearly ten years ago, is the catch-all term used to describe several sequencing technologies including: 

Illumina
(Solexa) sequencing 

Roche
454 sequencing 

Ion
torrent: Proton / PGM sequencing 

SOLiD
sequencing 

These
recent sequencing technologies allow scientists to sequence DNA and RNA much more quickly and cheaply than the previously used Sanger
sequencing, and as such, have greatly expanded the study of genomics and molecular biology. Numerous laboratories within the Cannabis
community are currently employing this technology. 

Colorado
State Universities 

To
the best of our knowledge, Colorado State Universities have conducted Cannabis Genomic Research Initiatives, which is currently seeking
to describe the Cannabis genome. The data generated through this effort is provided through the public domain to growers in an effort
to stimulate the production of new, high-value stains of Cannabis. 

Anandia
Labs 

Anandia
Labs is conducting work in the area of Cannabis genomics based on sequence work which was completed in 2011. The sequencing work conducted
was based on next generation sequencing technology and resulted in the generation of tens-of-thousands of DNA segments
that have yet to be completely and correctly reassembled. Much of the sequence data that was generated through their sequencing efforts
has been placed into the public domain and shared with other laboratories. In some instances, the data has been found to be less than
accurate. 

Phylos
Biosciences 

Phylos
Biosciences is currently using DNA-based genetic fingerprinting to establish relationships between strains and to assist in the development
of phenotypic databases to accelerate traditional breeding programs. Phylos Biosciences has a primary goal of bringing clarity to the
Cannabis market and promote the generation of IP held by individual growers. To the best of our knowledge, Phylos Biosciences is not
engaged in whole genome sequencing and is not engaged in any genetic enhancements of the Cannabis strains. They
simply supply genetic data to their customer base to more effectively drive the traditional breeding process. 

New
West Genetics 

New
West Genetics aims to improve and develop industrial hemp as a viable crop for the United States. New West Genetics seeks to exploit
the diverse end uses of hemp and optimize the genetics of hemp to create a lucrative crop to add to the rotation of US farmers. Industrial
hemp s uses and potential are as great as many major crops, if not more. We believe NWG is utilizing modern sequencing technology
and statistical genomics approaches to understand these factors as they apply to hemp production in states where it is legal to grow.
Understanding the genotype to phenotype map will be increasingly useful for expanding production of hemp. 

11 

While
we do not believe any of the above companies or universities are direct competitors of ours based on what we believe about their work
in the industry, they could be competitors for research funding dollars. We are not aware of the financial situation of many of the above
companies and universities, but we will need to raise substantial additional capital in order to fully-fund the five year genomic study
and the facilities to complete the study. Most of the above companies and universities are likely better financed than we are and we
will need to raise substantial funds in order to compete in the cannabis research industry. 

Intellectual
Property 

On
March 1, 2019, we entered into an Exclusive License and Assignment Agreement (the Technology Agreement with Yissum Research
Development Company of the Hebrew University of Jerusalam, Ltd., an entity organized in Israel Yissum ). Under the terms
of the Technology Agreement, Yissum agreed to grant an exclusive license, and eventually assign, to us certain platform technologies
relating to different formulations for administration and delivery of lipophilic compositions, (including cannabinoids) (collectively,
the Technology invented and/or developed by Prof. Elka Touitou at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, which technologies
are more fully described in the patent applications and/or patents listed in Appendix A to the Technology Agreement. 

Under
the Agreement, in exchange for an exclusive license to use the Existing Technologies, we were to pay Yissum a total of USD 1,000,000
as follows: (i) 100,000 within three (3) business days of signing the Technology Agreement (which amount has been paid), (ii) 400,000
on or before May 1, 2019, and (iii) 500,000 on or before December 31, 2019 (together, the License Payments ). The grant
of the exclusive license and the transfer to us of the responsibility for the administration and control of patent activities and patent
expenses related to the Existing Technologies was to occur after the USD 400,000 payment due May 1, 2019. However, prior to that payment,
WEED terminated the agreement with Yissum. We do not currently plan to revisit our agreement with Yissum in the future. However, we do
plan to continue to work with Professor Elka Touitou of Hebrew University of Jerusalem, who remains our selection for Chairperson for
our Israeli Scientific Advisory Board, to implement our research and product development along with WEED Israel clinical trials. 

Additionally,
we consider certain elements of our Cannabis Genomic Study to be trade secrets and we protect it as our intellectual property. In the
future, if we are successful in identifying certain Cannabis strains as promising for the treatment of diseases we will seek to patent
those strains. 

Government
Regulation 

As
of the end of December 2021, 37 states and the District of Columbia allow its citizens to use medical marijuana, and 17 states have legalized
cannabis for adult recreational use. The state laws are in conflict with the Federal Controlled Substances Act, which makes marijuana
use and possession illegal at the federal level. Prior administrations (namely, President Obama) effectively stated that it is not an
efficient use of resources to direct law federal law enforcement agencies to prosecute those lawfully abiding by state-designated laws
allowing the use and distribution of medical marijuana. The current administration (Biden administration) has not yet indicated how it
might regulate the marijuana industry at the federal level, but to date there has been very little in terms of action. There is no guarantee
that the Biden administration or future administrations will maintain the low-priority enforcement of federal laws in the marijuana industry
that was adopted by the Obama administration. Any new administration that follows could change this policy and decide to enforce the
federal laws strongly. Any such change in the federal government s enforcement of current federal laws could cause significant
financial damage to our business and our shareholders. 

Further,
and while we do not intend to harvest, distribute or sell cannabis currently if we conduct research with the cannabis or industrial hemp
plant or lease buildings to growers of cannabis, etc., we could be deemed to be participating in cannabis cultivation, which remains
illegal under federal law, and exposes us to potential criminal liability, with the additional risk that our properties could be subject
to civil forfeiture proceedings. 

12 

Currently,
there are no approvals needed in order to sequence the cannabis genome, which is what been conducted by Sangre. However, prior to doing
any research into the medical applications of the cannabis plant once the study is completed, we will need to obtain medicinal cannabis
and hemp research licenses from the State of Colorado, Arizona and New York State. Additionally, if we ever cultivate and process cannabis
plants, we will need cultivation and processing licenses from the State of Colorado Arizona and New York State which covers cannabis
and hemp. These licenses will cost approximately 1,000 to 5,000 per license, and likely take approximately six months to 1 year to
obtain. 

Sangre
Agreement 

On
April 20, 2017, we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Sangre AT, LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company, under which we acquired
all of the issued and outstanding limited liability company membership units of Sangre in exchange for Five Hundred Thousand (500,000)
shares of our common stock, restricted in accordance with Rule 144. As a result of this agreement, Sangre is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of WEED, Inc. 

Le
Veta, Colorado Properties 

On
July 26, 2017, we acquired property located in La Veta, Colorado in order for Sangre to complete its Proposed 5-Year, 15+ million Cannabis
Genomic Study. The site includes a 10,000+ sq. ft. building that will house Sangre s genomic research facility, a 4,000+ square
foot building for plant product analytics and plant product extraction, a 3,500 sq. ft. corporate office center, and 25 RV slots with
full water and electric, which we plan to convert into a series of small research pods. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, we
paid 525,000 down, including 25,000 shares of our common stock, and Sangre took immediate possession of the property. Under the terms
of the purchase we were obligated to pay an additional 400,000 in cash and issue an additional 75,000 shares of our common stock over
the next two years in order to pay the entire purchase price. On January 12, 2018, we entered into an Amendment No. 1 to the 475,000
principal amount promissory note issued by us to the seller of the property, under which both parties agreed to amend the purchase and
the promissory note to allow us to payoff the note in full if we paid 100,000 in cash on or before January 15, 2018 and issued the seller
125,000 shares of common stock, restricted in accordance with Rule 144, on before January 20, 2018. Through an escrow process, we paid
the seller 100,000 in cash and issued him 125,000 shares of common stock in accordance with the Amendment No. 1, in exchange for a full
release of the deed of trust that was securing the promissory note, on January 17, 2018. As a result, the 475,000 principal promissory
note issued to the seller is deemed paid-in-full and fully satisfied and we own the property without encumbrances. To date we have
spent 354,000 renovating the property and an additional 400,000 on extraction and analytical lab equipment. Our plans to complete the
property renovations, at an estimated cost of 300,000, are currently on hold pending future financing. We will need additional extraction
equipment and analytical lab equipment, totaling approximately 700,000. We will need to raise additional funds in order to complete
the planned renovations and pay the purchase price for the equipment. 

On
January 3, 2018, Sangre closed on the purchase of a condominium in La Veta, Colorado. Sangre paid 140,000 in cash for the condominium
which is a three story condominium, with three bedrooms and three bathrooms and is approximately 1,854 square feet. This property was
sold in 2020 for 175,000 as it was no longer needed to house personnel due to our clinical trials and research studies are to be moved
to Israel. 

Previously,
we also owned a 1.2 million dollar property in Cucharus, CO that was used as WEED s corporate headquarters that was to house Sangre
personnel. This property was a 35 acre, 5300+ sq ft., hilltop custom log home. In May 2022 we sold this property for approximately 1.3
million. 

13 

New
York Property 

On
November 22, 2021, we acquired certain improved property located in Westfield, New York from DiPaolo for a total purchase price of 477,000.
The property is approximately 43 acres and has unlimited water extraction rights from the State of New York. We plan to use this property
as our inroads to the New York hemp and infused beverage markets in the future. In order to execute our business plans related to the
property we must raise funds. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we employed two people on a full time basis, namely Glenn E. Martin and Nicole M. Breen. As of December 31,
2022, WEED Israel Cannabis Ltd. had one consultant. As of December 31, 2022, WEED Australia Ltd. had three consultants. WEED Hong Kong
Limited has hired; Ed Lehman of Lehman, Lee and Xu as corporate counsel and Lehman, Lee and Xu Corporate Services Limited as WEED HKs
legal representative in China and Hong Kong. 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
noted above, we only have a small number of employees. The remainder of our workforce is consultants due to the nature of our business.
As it relates to our employees and the consultants that work with us: 

Oversight
and Management 

Our
executive officers are tasked with leading our organization in managing employment-related matters, including recruiting and hiring,
onboarding and training, compensation planning, talent management and development. We are committed to providing team members with the
training and resources necessary to continually strengthen their skills. Our executive team is responsible for periodically reviewing
team member programs and initiatives, including healthcare and other benefits, as well as our management development and succession planning
practices. Management periodically reports to the Board regarding our human capital measures and results that guide how we attract, retain
and develop a workforce to enable our business strategies. 

Diversity,
Equity and Inclusion 

We
believe that a diverse workforce is critical to our success, and we continue to monitor and improve the application of our hiring, retention,
compensation and advancement processes for women and underrepresented populations across our workforce, including persons of color, veterans
and LGBTQ to enhance our inclusive and diverse culture. When possible we plan to invest in recruiting diverse talent. 

Workplace
Safety and Health 

A
vital part of our business is providing our workforce with a safe, healthy and sustainable working environment. We focus on implementing
change through workforce observation and feedback channels to recognize risk and continuously improve our processes. 

Importantly
during 2021, our focus on providing a positive work environment on workplace safety have enabled us to preserve business continuity without
sacrificing our commitment to keeping our colleagues and workplace visitors safe during the COVID-19 pandemic. We took immediate action
at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic to enact rigorous safety protocols in our facilities by improving sanitation measures, implementing
mandatory social distancing, use of facing coverings, reducing on-site workforce through staggered shifts and schedules, remote working
where possible, and restricting visitor access to our locations. We believe these actions helped minimize the impact of COVID-19 on our
workforce. 

14 

Available
Information 

We
are a fully reporting issuer, subject to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our Quarterly Reports, Annual Reports, and other filings
can be obtained from the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE., Washington, DC 20549, on official business days during
the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. You may also obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission
at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission at http://www.sec.gov . 

15 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide a statement of risk factors. However, we believe this information may be valuable
to our shareholders. We reserve the right to not provide risk factors in our future filings. Our primary risk factors and other considerations
include: 

We
have a limited operating history and historical financial information upon which you may evaluate our performance. 

You
should consider, among other factors, our prospects for success in light of the risks and uncertainties encountered by companies that,
like us, are in their early stages of development. We may not successfully address these risks and uncertainties or successfully complete
our studies and/or implement our existing and new products. If we fail to do so, it could materially harm our business and impair the
value of our common stock. Even if we accomplish these objectives, we may not generate the positive cash flows or profits we anticipate
in the future. We were incorporated in the State of Arizona on August 20, 1999. From 2005 until 2015, we were an exploration stage mineral
exploration company that owned a number of unpatented mining claims and Arizona State Land Department claims. On November 26, 2014, our
Board of Directors approved the redomestication of our company from Arizona to Nevada and we shifted our business focus to a company
concentrating on the development and application of cannabis-derived compounds for the treatment of human disease. Although (i) on November
22, 2021, we completed our acquisition of the Sugar Hill Golf course property for possible use in a planned entry into the hemp and infused
beverage market, and (ii) our subsidiary, Sangre, has begun its planned five-year Cannabis Genomic Study to complete a global genomic
classification of the Cannabis plant genus, we need substantial funding to enter the hemp and infused beverage industry and for the completion
of the Cannabis Genomic Study both of which are likely years away. Unanticipated problems, expenses and delays are frequently encountered
in establishing a new business, conducting research, and developing new products. These include, but are not limited to, inadequate funding,
unforeseen research issues, lack of consumer acceptance, competition, product development, and inadequate sales and marketing. The failure
by us to meet any of these conditions would have a materially adverse effect upon us and may force us to reduce or curtail operations.
No assurance can be given that we can or will ever operate profitably. 

We
may not be able to meet our future capital needs. 

To
date, we have not generated any revenue and we have limited cash liquidity and capital resources. Our future capital requirements will
depend on many factors, including the success of our planned entry into the hemp and infused beverage market, the progress and results
of our Cannabis Genomic Study, our ability to develop products, cash flow from operations, and competing market developments. We anticipate
the Cannabis Genomic Study will cost approximately 15,000,000 to complete, and that we will need approximately 5,000,000 to enter into
the planned entry into the hemp and infused beverage market. We will also need additional working capital in the near future. Any equity
financings will result in dilution to our then-existing stockholders. Although we currently do not have any debt financing, any sources
of debt financing in the future may result in a high interest expense. Any financing, if available, may be on unfavorable terms. If adequate
funds are not obtained, we will be required to reduce or curtail operations. 

If
we cannot obtain additional funding, our research and development efforts may be reduced or discontinued and we may not be able to continue
operations. 

We
have historically experienced negative cash flows from operations since our inception and we expect the negative cash flows from operations
to continue for the foreseeable future. Unless and until we are able to generate revenues, we expect such losses to continue for the
foreseeable future. As discussed in our financial statements, there exists substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

16 

Research
and development efforts are highly dependent on the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand combined with our ability to raise additional
capital to support our future operations through one or more methods, including but not limited to, issuing additional equity or debt. 

In
addition, we may also raise additional capital through additional equity offerings and licensing our research and/or future products
in development. While we will continue to explore these potential opportunities, there can be no assurances that we will be successful
in raising sufficient capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all, or that we will be successful in licensing our future products. Based
on our current projections, we believe we have insufficient cash on hand to meet our obligations as they become due based on current
assumptions. The uncertainties surrounding our future cash inflows have raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as
a going concern. 

One
of our current projects is our 5-year cannabis genomic study being conducted by Sangre. In the event that we are unable to complete that
study for any reason, such as inability to complete our human clinical trials, or if those trials are not successful, then it could significantly
impact our business. 

Although
we have plans to be a company with a multitude of business segments, one of our first forays into medical cannabis research is the 5-year
cannabis genomic study being conducted by Sangre. In the event that we are unable to complete the 5-year study for any reason, such as
the inability to complete our planned human clinical trials in phases 2 and 3 of the study, or if those trials are not successful, then
it could significantly impact our business. 

Our
research plan, which is focused on the development and application of cannabis-derived compounds for the treatment of human disease,
and includes our 5-year cannabis genomic study being conducted by Sangre, is dependent upon our ability to complete the necessary research
and clinical human trials. 

Our
research plan, which is focused on the development and application of cannabis-derived compounds for the treatment of human disease,
and includes our 5-year cannabis genomic study being conducted by Sangre, is dependent upon our ability to complete the necessary research
and clinical human trials. In the event that we are unable to complete those research and/or human clinical trials, or if those trials
are not successful, then it could significantly, negatively impact all phases of our research plan and significantly impact our business. 

Current
economic conditions and capital markets are in a period of disruption and instability which could adversely affect our ability to access
the capital markets, and thus adversely affect our business and liquidity. 

The
current economic conditions largely caused by the coronavirus pandemic have had, and likely will continue to have for the foreseeable
future, a negative impact on our ability to access the capital markets, and thus have a negative impact on our business and liquidity.
Based on a variety of factors, there may be an extended worldwide recession. We may face significant challenges if conditions in the
capital markets do not improve. Our ability to access the capital markets has been and continues to be severely restricted at a time
when we need to access such markets, which could have a negative impact on our business plans. Even if we are able to raise capital,
it may not be at a price or on terms that are favorable to us. We cannot predict the occurrence of future disruptions or how long the
current conditions may continue. 

Our
proposed business is dependent on laws pertaining to the cannabis industry . 

Continued
development of the cannabis industry is dependent upon continued legislative authorization of marijuana at the state level. Any number
of factors could slow or halt progress in this area. Further, progress for the industry, while encouraging, is not assured. While there
may be ample public support for legislative action, numerous factors impact the legislative process. Any one of these factors could slow
or halt use of marijuana, which would negatively impact our business. 

17 

As
of February 2023, 39 states and the District of Columbia allow its citizens to use medical marijuana, and 21 states have legalized cannabis
for adult recreational use. The state laws are in conflict with the Federal Controlled Substances Act, which makes cannabis use and possession
illegal on a national level. Prior administrations (namely, President Obama) effectively stated that it is not an efficient use of resources
to direct law federal law enforcement agencies to prosecute those lawfully abiding by state-designated laws allowing the use and distribution
of medical marijuana. The current administration (Biden administration) has not yet indicated how it might regulate the marijuana industry
at the federal level, but to date there has been very little in terms of action. There is no guarantee that the Biden administration
or future administrations will maintain the low-priority enforcement of federal laws in the marijuana industry that was adopted by the
Obama administration. Any new administration that follows could change this policy and decide to enforce the federal laws strongly. Any
such change in the federal government s enforcement of current federal laws could cause significant financial damage to our business
and our shareholders. 

Further,
and while we do not intend to harvest, distribute or sell cannabis, if we conduct research with the cannabis plant or lease buildings
to growers of cannabis, etc., we could be deemed to be participating in cannabis cultivation, which remains illegal under federal law,
and exposes us to potential criminal liability, with the additional risk that our properties could be subject to civil forfeiture proceedings. 

The
cannabis industry faces strong opposition . 

It
is believed by many that large well-funded businesses may have a strong economic opposition to the cannabis industry. We believe that
the pharmaceutical industry clearly does not want to cede control of any product that could generate significant revenue. For example,
medical cannabis will likely adversely impact the existing market for the current marijuana pill sold by mainstream pharmaceutical
companies. Further, the medical cannabis industry could face a material threat from the pharmaceutical industry, should cannabis displace
other drugs or encroach upon the pharmaceutical industry s products. The pharmaceutical industry is well funded with a strong and
experienced lobby that eclipses the funding of the medical cannabis movement. Any inroads the pharmaceutical industry could make in halting
or impeding the cannabis industry could have a detrimental impact on our proposed business. 

Cannabis
remains illegal under Federal law . 

Cannabis
is a schedule-I controlled substance and is illegal under federal law. Even in those states in which the use of cannabis has been legalized,
its production and use remains a violation of federal law. Since federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis preempts state laws that
legalize its use, strict enforcement of federal law regarding cannabis would likely result in our inability to proceed with our business
plan. 

Laws
and regulations affecting the medical cannabis industry are constantly changing, which could detrimentally affect our proposed operations. 

Local,
state and federal medical cannabis laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could require
us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or alter our business plan. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations
of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, it is possible
that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our proposed business. We cannot predict the nature
of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations
or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. 

18 

If
we are unable to recruit and retain qualified personnel, our business could be harmed. 

Our
growth and success highly depend on qualified personnel. Competition in the industry could cause us difficulty in recruiting or retaining
a sufficient number of qualified technical personnel, which could harm our ability to develop new products. Also, the fact cannabis remains
illegal at the federal level may dissuade qualified personnel from working in the cannabis industry, thus limiting the pool of qualified
individuals to run our business. If we are unable to attract and retain necessary key talents, it would harm our ability to develop competitive
product and retain good customers and could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We
may be unable to adequately protect our proprietary rights. 

Our
ability to compete partly depends on the superiority, uniqueness and value of our intellectual property. To protect our proprietary rights,
we will rely on a combination of patent, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties,
and protective contractual provisions. Despite these efforts, any of the following occurrences may reduce the value of our intellectual
property: 

Our
applications for patents relating to our business may not be granted and, if granted, may be challenged or invalidated; 

Issued
patents may not provide us with any competitive advantages; 

Our
efforts to protect our intellectual property rights may not be effective in preventing misappropriation of our technology; 

Our
efforts may not prevent the development and design by others of products or technologies similar to or competitive with, or superior
to those we develop; 

Another
party may obtain a blocking patent and we would need to either obtain a license or design around the patent in order to continue to offer
the contested feature or service in our products; or 

The
fact cannabis is illegal at the federal level may impact our ability to secure patents from the United States Patent and Trademark Office,
and other intellectual property protections may not be available to us. 

We
may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents that would be expensive and time consuming. 

In
order to protect or enforce our patent rights, we may initiate patent or trademark litigation against third parties. In addition, we
may become subject to interference or opposition proceedings conducted in patent and trademark offices to determine the priority and
patentability of inventions. The defense of intellectual property rights, including patent rights through lawsuits, interference or opposition
proceedings, and other legal and administrative proceedings, would be costly and divert our technical and management personnel from their
normal responsibilities. An adverse determination of any litigation or defense proceedings could put our pending patent applications
at risk of not being issued. 

Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some
of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. For example, during the course of
this kind of litigation, confidential information may be inadvertently disclosed in the form of documents or testimony in connection
with discovery requests, depositions or trial testimony. This disclosure could have a material adverse effect on our business and our
financial results. 

We
may be involved in litigation at some in the future. 

In
the ordinary course of business, we are from time to time involved in various pending or threatened legal actions. The litigation process
is inherently uncertain and it is possible that the resolution of such matters might have a material adverse effect upon our financial
condition and/or results of operations. Litigation is also expensive and could cause us to spend substantial sums on legal fees even
if we are eventually successful in the litigation. 

19 

We
have several opportunities that we may not be able to take advantage of or close without substantial funding. 

As
detailed elsewhere in this Annual Report we have several business opportunities that we either cannot continue or cannot begin without
raising substantial funds either in this Offering or through other sources. Notably, we have closed on the golf course property in New
York and we have an opportunity to enter the hemp and infused beverage market since the property has water extraction rights. However,
like our other business opportunities we will need to raise substantial funds to execute on these business plans. 

Our
common stock has been thinly traded and we cannot predict the extent to which a trading market will develop. 

Our
common stock is traded on the OTC Markets OTCQB tier. Our common stock is thinly traded compared to larger more
widely known companies. Thinly traded common stock can be more volatile than common stock trading in an active public market. We cannot
predict the extent to which an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained after this Offering. 

Because
we are subject to the penny stock rules, the level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced. 

Our
common stock is traded on the OTC Markets OTCQB tier. Broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in
 penny stocks are regulated by certain penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Penny stocks,
like shares of our common stock, generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on
certain national securities exchanges or quoted on NASDAQ. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a
penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny
stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid
and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and, if the broker-dealer
is the sole market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market, and monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, broker-dealers who sell
these securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. Consequently,
these requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security subject
to the penny stock rules, and investors in our common stock may find it difficult to sell their shares. 

ITEM
1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

This
Item is not applicable to us as we are not an accelerated filer, a large accelerated filer, or a well-seasoned issuer; however, we have
not received written comments from the Commission staff regarding our periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 within the last 180 days before the end of our last fiscal year. 

20 

ITEM
2 PROPERTIES 

Le
Veta, Colorado Properties 

On
July 26, 2017, we acquired a property located in La Veta, Colorado in order for Sangre to complete its 5-Year, 15+ million Cannabis
Genomic Study. The site includes a 10,000+ sq. ft. building that will house Sangre s genomic research facility, a 4,000+ square
foot building for plant product analytics and plant product extraction, a 3,500 sq. ft. corporate office center, and 25 RV slots with
full water and electric, which we plan to convert into a series of small research pods. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, we
paid 525,000 down, along with 25,000 shares of our common stock, and Sangre took immediate possession of the property. We were obligated
to pay an additional 400,000 in cash and issue an additional 75,000 shares of our common stock over the two next years in order to pay
the entire purchase price. To date we have spent 354,000 renovating the property and an additional 400,000 on extraction and analytical
lab equipment. We plan to complete the property renovations at an estimated cost of 300,000, if we raise sufficient funding. We will
need additional extraction equipment and analytical lab equipment, totaling approximately 700,000. During the year ended December 31,
2019, construction in progress in the amount of 499,695 was fully impaired due to the fact we may not receive funds to complete the
research facility center project. There was no work performed on the facility in 2019 - 2022. We will need to raise additional funds
in order to complete the planned renovations and pay the purchase price for the equipment. 

Previously,
we also owned a 1.2 million dollar property in Cucharus, CO that was used as WEED s corporate headquarters that was to house Sangre
personnel. This property was a 35 acre, 5300+ sq ft., hilltop custom log home. In May 2022 we sold this property for approximately 1.3
million. 

New
York Property 

On
November 22, 2021, we acquired certain improved property located in Westfield, New York from DiPaolo for a total purchase price of 477,000.
The property is approximately 43 acres and has unlimited water extraction rights from the State of New York. We plan to use this property
as our inroads to the New York hemp and infused beverage markets in the future. In order to execute our business plans related to the
property we must raise funds. 

ITEM
3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

In
the ordinary course of business, we are from time to time involved in various pending or threatened legal actions. The litigation process
is inherently uncertain and it is possible that the resolution of such matters might have a material adverse effect upon our financial
condition and/or results of operations. However, in the opinion of our management, other than as set forth herein, matters currently
pending or threatened against us are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

ITEM
4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

There
is no information required to be disclosed under this Item. 

21 

PART
II 

ITEM
5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB-tier of OTC Markets under the symbol BUDZ. We were originally quoted over-the-counter
on November 2009. We started being quoted on the OTCQB-tier of OTC Markets on September 13, 2018. As of March 28, 2022, we had 20,832,685
shares of our common stock outstanding. The following table sets forth the high and low bid information for each quarter within the two
most recent fiscal years, as estimated based on information on OTC Markets. The information reflects prices between dealers, and does
not include retail markup, markdown, or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. 

Fiscal
 Year 
 Ended 

Bid
 Prices 
 
 December
 31, 
 
 Period 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 2022 
 
 First
 Quarter 
 
 0.28 
 
 0.17 

Second
 Quarter 
 
 0.26 
 
 0.09 

Third
 Quarter 
 
 0.12 
 
 0.09 

Fourth
 Quarter 
 
 0.14 
 
 0.07 

2021 
 
 First
 Quarter 
 
 2.05 
 
 0.22 

Second
 Quarter 
 
 0.72 
 
 0.41 

Third
 Quarter 
 
 0.39 
 
 0.27 

Fourth
 Quarter 
 
 0.41 
 
 0.26 

The
Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990 requires additional disclosure relating to the market for penny stocks in connection
with trades in any stock defined as a penny stock. The Commission has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any
equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to a few exceptions which we do not meet. Unless an exception
is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining
the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith. 

We
have not adopted any stock option or stock bonus plans. 

Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 123,482,685 shares of our common stock outstanding held by approximately 280 holders of record and numerous
shares held in brokerage accounts. As of March 30, 2023, there were 123,482,685 shares of our common stock outstanding held by 281 holders
of record. Of these shares, 48,090,680 were held by non-affiliates. As of June 30, 2022, we had 47,210,680 shares held by non-affiliates.
On the cover page of this filing we value the 47,210,680 shares held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 at 4,721,068. These shares
were valued at 0.10 per share, based on our closing share price on June 30, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

22 

Warrants
and Other Convertible Instruments 

We
do not currently have any warrants outstanding to purchase our common stock. All the warrants we previously issued have expired by their
terms. 

Dividends 

There
have been no cash dividends declared on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Dividends
are declared at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

There
are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase shares of our common stock under any equity compensation plans. 

Currently,
we do not have any equity compensation plans. As a result, we did not have any options, warrants or rights outstanding under equity compensation
plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Recent
Issuance of Unregistered Securities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 300,000 shares of common stock for proceeds of 40,000. 30,000 shares valued at 356,250
carried from prior year were not issued at December 31, 2022, and such amount has been included in subscriptions payable. All such securities
were issued pursuant exemptions from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as a transaction by
an issuer not involving any public offering, as noted below. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we agreed to issue an aggregate of 296,000 shares of common stock to consultants for services performed.
The total fair value of common stock was 558,600 based on the closing price of our common stock earned on the measurement date. The
issuances of the shares were exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. The investors were sophisticated,
familiar with our operations, and there was no solicitation. 

If
our stock is listed on an exchange we will be subject to the Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990 requires additional
disclosure relating to the market for penny stocks in connection with trades in any stock defined as a penny stock. The Commission has
adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share,
subject to a few exceptions which we do not meet. Unless an exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any
transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith. 

ITEM
6 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM
7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

Disclaimer
Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

Our
Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operations contains not only statements that are historical facts, but also statements
that are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are, by their very nature, uncertain and risky. These risks and uncertainties include
international, national and local general economic and market conditions; demographic changes; our ability to sustain, manage, or forecast
growth; our ability to successfully make and integrate acquisitions; raw material costs and availability; new product development and
introduction; existing government regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity;
competition; the loss of significant customers or suppliers; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; changes in
business strategy or development plans; business disruptions; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect
technology; and other risks that might be detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

23 

Although
the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based
on facts and factors currently known by them. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and
uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements.
You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and in our other reports as we attempt
to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and
prospects. 

Overview 

Currently,
WEED and its subsidiaries are working on or planning for several different business opportunities in the cannabis hemp field, including,
but not limited to: both indoor and outdoor grows , cultivations harvest for research, product development, processing
and manufacturing of both Pharma non-Pharma products, services, therapeutics, and treatments on a global basis for both the Medical
Cannabis Hemp 

Second,
on November 22, 2021, WEED completed the purchase of the Sugar Hill Golf course property located in the town of Portland, New York. WEED s
acquisition of this ~43 acre property with ~2000 ft. of Lake Erie waterfront also comes with the unlimited water extractions rights 
from Lake Erie related to the property, along with a complete wastewater management plant. WEED s initial plan is to utilize the
property to access the hemp and infused beverage markets as our property in the middle of the largest concord grape producing region
of the United States. In the future, WEED may look to use the unique property infrastructure to build a luxury condos resort development
in the most natural settings to be ESG compliant in conjunction to WEEDs forming its Social Equity Advisory Council (SEAC) to create
Diversity Equality in our industry. This project is only in its conceptual stage, no funding or plans have been developed other
than the proposed name: The 4 Winds Luxury condos resort to be Cannabis Friendly which would be a FIRST 
in the nation. 

Third,
WEED established WEED Australia Ltd. and its wholly owned Cannabis Institute of Australia (C.I.A.) in Australia in March of 2017, for
the purpose of conducting cannabis and hemp research and potentially developing products and educational services in and for Australians
as stated above. C.I.A. is a non-profit entity formed for the purpose of conducting cannabis and hemp research with universities and
other non-profits to protect all intellectual rights, properties and usage in our highly regulated industry. The C.I.A. has the potential
to develop products in Australia for domestic research and development of products, services and educational purposes to all seven States
and territories, including Tasmania, to be marketed globally. 

Our
first business opportunity was, and continues to be, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Sangre AT, LLC Sangre ), where
we are focused on the development and application of cannabis-derived compounds for the treatment of human disease and animal ailments.
To that end Sangre, was working on a planned five-year Cannabis Genomic Study to complete a genetic blueprint of the Cannabis plant genus,
by creating a global genomic classification of the entire plant. Sangre completed a 1-2 year Pilot Study in 2017 2018 at the University
of Texas-Galveston thru Industrial Metagenomics at a cost of nearly 1 million USD. Sangre completed the pilot study with 30 cultivars
from strains collected worldwide that included 30 strains (twenty-four female and six male). These results are highly proprietary and
the basis of future studies to come. We need to raise additional funds to continue the next steps in our Cannabis Genomic Study. 

24 

On
May 14 th , 2018, the 70 th Anniversary of the statehood of Israel, WEED formed its wholly owned subsidiary,
WEED Israel Cannabis Ltd., with the goal of completing and adding to the noted studies above. As such, WEED Israel worked with the Hebrew
University in Jerusalem and with the top scientists globally in the field of Cannabis hemp. To that effect, WEED Israel looked
to conduct clinical trials and product development that would be the quality and acceptability of the FDA in the United States. Due to
current laws and conditions in the USA, all research results and product development for both Pharma Non-Pharma products, cannot
be introduced the United States marketplace. Since starting in 2018, the USA has made vast improvements and advancements in the legalization
of both Cannabis and hemp. As of the end of 2021 there are 37 States that have approved a State level medical cannabis and hemp programs,
along with the District of Colombia. In addition, there are 17 States that have implemented or approved the Adult Use i.e.
recreational psyhcoactive aspects of high THC usage of cannabis. 

In
conjunction with WEED Israel Cannabis Ltd., we made arrangements with Professor Elka Touitou to be the head of WEEDs Israeli Advisory
Board to lead and assist us with clinical trials in cannabis hemp research studies in Israel. Professor Touitou was the Head of
the Innovative Dermal, Transdermal and Transmucosal Delivery Lab at the Institute of Drug Research, The School of Pharmacy, HUJ, now
retired but still has HUJ clinical trial independent studies/lab privileges. Professor Touitou is an internationally renowned authority
in the field of drug delivery and design of new technologies for efficient administration of drugs and development of new products. Professor
Touitou has been involved in Cannabinoid research since 1988 at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, (HUJ) Jerusalem, Israel. Previously,
WEED was in the process of buying Professor Touitou s various patents to include the bioavailability aspects of the cannabaceae
plant. However, after expending over 500,000 USD to acquire the Professor Touitou s patents, we had to terminate the agreement
in 2019 due to the downturn of the Cannabis marketplace, and specifically as to public cannabis companies, which could not be resumed
due to the Covid pandemic that was/is still ongoing globally. We have kept in constant contact with Professor Touitou thru our Managing
Director of WEED Israel, Mr. Elliot Kwestel. As of 2022, Dr. Touitou still has interest in working with WEED to complete the purchase
of her patents and begin clinical trials upon proper funding. WEED looks to achieve that funding thru our 40 million Regulation A+ Offering.
Currently WEED intends to file a post qualification filing with the SEC and launch our Offering later this spring. 

Corporate
Overview 

We
were originally incorporated under the name Plae, Inc., in the State of Arizona on August 20, 1999. At the time we operated under the
name Plae, Inc., no business was conducted. No books or records were maintained and no meetings were held. In essence, nothing was done
after incorporation until Glenn E. Martin took possession of Plae, Inc. in January 2005. On February 18, 2005, the corporate name was
changed to King Mines, Inc. and then subsequently changed to its current name, United Mines, Inc., on March 30, 2005. No shares were
issued until the Company became United Mines, Inc. From 2005 until 2015, we were an exploration stage mineral exploration company that
owned a number of unpatented BLM mining claims and Arizona State Land Department exploration leases. 

On
November 26, 2014, our Board of Directors approved the redomestication of our company from Arizona to Nevada (the Articles of
Domestication ), and approved Articles of Incorporation in Nevada, which differed from then-Articles of Incorporation in Arizona,
primarily by (a) changing our name from United Mines, Inc. to WEED, Inc., (b) authorizing Twenty Million (20,000,000) shares of preferred
stock, with blank check rights granted to our Board of Directors, and (c) authorizing Two Hundred Million (200,000,000) shares of common
stock (the Nevada Articles of Incorporation ). On December 19, 2014, the holders of a majority of our outstanding common
stock approved the Articles of Domestication and the Nevada Articles of Incorporation at a Special Meeting of Shareholders. On January
16, 2015, the Articles of Domestication and the Nevada Articles of Incorporation went effective with the Secretary of State of the State
of Nevada. On February 2, 2015, our name change to WEED, Inc., and a corresponding ticker symbol change to BUDZ went effective
with FINRA and was reflected on the quotation of our common stock on OTC Markets. 

25 

These
changes were effected in order to make our corporate name and ticker symbol better align with our short-term and long-term business focus,
which in the short-term is to conduct Sangre s Cannabis Genomic Study over the next 5 years, process those results, and in the
long-term to be an international cannabis and hemp research and product development company, with a globally-recognized brand focusing
on building and purchasing labs, land and building commercial grade Cultivation Centers to consult, assist, manage 
lease to universities, state governments, licensed dispensary owners and worldwide organic grow operators on a contract basis, with a
concentration on the legal and medical Cannabis sector. Our long-term plan is to become a True Seed-to-Sale global holding
company providing infrastructure, financial solutions, product development and real estate options in this new emerging market. Our long
term plans may also include acquisitions of synergistic businesses, such as distilleries to make infused beverages and/or super oxygenated
water with CBD and THC. We have also formed WEED Australia Ltd., registered as an unlisted public company in Australia, to address future
global demand, however the entity has been essentially dormant other than building relationships and speaking at The Pharmaceutical Guild
of Australia conference event in Sydney Australia, September 2019, since its inception. 

This
discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements included as part of this Annual Report. 

Results
of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 
 - 
 - 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 
 567,159 
 797,683 
 
 Professional fees 
 826,689 
 1,873,904 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 111,426 
 129,789 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 1,505,274 
 2,801,376 

Loss from operations 
 (1,505,274 
 (2,801,376 

Other expense 

Interest expense 
 (117,124 
 (39,244 
 
 Other expense 
 (719 
 (1,230 
 
 Gain on disposal of fixed asset 
 639,773 
 - 
 
 Impairment of goodwill and inventory 
 (544,761 
 - 
 
 Total other expense, net 
 (22,831 
 (40,747 

Comprehensive net loss 
 (1,528,882 
 (2,840,405 

Operating
Loss; Net Loss 

Our
comprehensive net loss decreased by 1,311,523, from 2,840,405) to 1,528,882), from the year ended 2021 compared to 2022. Our operating
loss decreased by 1,296,102, from 2,801,376) to 1,505,274) for the same period. The decrease in operating loss is primarily a result
of a significant decrease in our professional fees, partially offset by an increase in our general and administrative expenses. The decrease
in our net loss is largely a result of our operating loss decrease. These changes are detailed below. 

26 

Revenue 

We
have not had any revenues since our inception. Our short-term and long-term business focus is on the medical cannabis sector. Once we
have sufficient funding, we plan to research and possibly enter the hemp and infused beverage industry through our newly acquired property
in New York, and conduct Sangre s Cannabis Genomic Study and process those result. In the long-term we plan to be a company focused
on purchasing land and building commercial grade Cultivation Centers to consult, assist, manage lease to licensed
dispensary owners and organic grow operators on a contract basis, with a concentration on the legal and medical marijuana (Cannabis)
sector. Our long-term plan is to become a True Seed-to-Sale company providing infrastructure, financial solutions and real
estate options in this new emerging market, worldwide. We plan to make our brand global and therefore we will look for opportunities
to conduct future research, marketing, import and exporting, and manufacturing of any proprietary products on an international level. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses decreased by 230,524, from 797,683 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 567,159 for the year ended
December 31, 2022, primarily due to de creases in our consulting
services and salary. 

Professional
Fees 

Our
professional fees decreased during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Our professional fees
were 826,689 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 1,873,904 for the year ended December 31, 2021. These fees are largely related
to fees paid for legal and accounting services, along with compensation to independent contractors, and increased primarily as a result
of increased stock-based compensation awards and the value attributed to those shares of stock. We expect the amount of professional
fees we pay in cash to grow steadily as our business expands. However, the amount attributed to the stock-based compensation could decrease
in periods when our stock price is lower, if we continue to use stock-based compensation. In the event we undertake an unusual transaction,
such as an acquisition, securities offering, or file a registration statement, we would expect these fees to substantially increase during
that period. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had depreciation and amortization of 111,426, compared to 129,789 in the year ended December 31,
2021. The depreciation and amortization expense in 2022 and 2021 was related to properties and trademarks. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense increased to 117,124) from 39,244) for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. Our interest
expense primarily relates to interest on short - term loans. 

Other Expense 

During
2022, we had other income of 719) compared to other expense of 1,230) in 2021. In 2022, our other income related to foreign fringe
benefit refund and interest forgiveness. In 2021, the other expense primarily related to credit card finance charges. 

27 

Gain
on Disposal of Fixed Assets 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had gain disposal of fixed assets of 639,773, compared to 0 in the year ended December 31, 2021.
The gain on extinguishment of debt in 2022 was related to the sale of a company property in Cucharus, Colorado. 

Impairment
of Goodwill and Inventory 

During
2022, we had impairment of goodwill and inventory of 544,761), compared to 0 in 2021. Our impairment of goodwill and inventory in
2022 related to certain assets owned by a company we acquired since the company we acquired did not have any business activities and
certain inventory owned by the acquired company was flooded in Arizona at the end of 2022, which resulted in questionable future value. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Introduction 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, because of our operating losses, we did not generate positive operating cash flows. Our cash
on hand as of December 31, 2022 was 315,826 and our monthly cash flow burn rate was approximately 40,000. Our cash on hand was primarily
proceeds from the sale of our property in Cucharus, Colorado, and partially from the sale of our securities. We currently do not believe
we will be able to satisfy our cash needs from operations for many years to come. 

Our
cash, current assets, total assets, current liabilities, and total liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are as
follows: 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
2021 
 Change 

Cash 
 315,826 
 19,654 
 296,172 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 342,075 
 41,918 
 300,157 
 
 Total Assets 
 1,633,818 
 1,959,225 
 (325,407 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 1,464,022 
 1,341,725 
 122,297 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 1,464,022 
 1,341,725 
 122,297 

Our
current assets increased by 300,157 as of December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in cash, prepaid
expenses and deposits, and other current assets. The increase in cash was related to the sale of our property in Cucharus, Colorado.
The decrease in our total assets between the two periods was primarily attributed to decreases in land, building, and property and equipment,
partially offset by increases in our cash, prepaid expenses, computers and equipment, and other current assets. 

Our
current liabilities and total liabilities increased by 122,297, as of December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021. This increase
in liabilities as of December 31, 2022 was primarily related to increases in our accrued expense, accrued officer compensation, and notes
payable, related parties, partially offset by decreases in our accounts payable, accrued interest, and notes payable in default,
compared to December 31, 2021. 

In
order to repay our obligations in full or in part when due, we will be required to raise significant capital from other sources. There
is no assurance, however, that we will be successful in these efforts. 

Cash
Requirements 

We
had cash available as of December 31, 2022 of 315,826 and 19,654 on December 31, 2021. Based on our revenues, cash on hand and current
monthly burn rate of approximately 40,000, we will need to continue borrowing from our shareholders and other related parties, and/or
raise money from the sales of our securities, to fund operations. 

28 

Sources and Uses of Cash 

Operations 

We
had net cash used in operating activities of 812,975 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 568,914 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. In 2022, the net cash used in operating activities consisted primarily of our net loss of 1,528,105) and gain on
disposal of fixed asset of 639,773), offset by estimated fair of shares issued for services of 613,600, depreciation and amortization
of 111,426, impairment of goodwill and inventory of 544,761, debt discount amortization of 27,845, and imputed interest on related
party loans of 31,722, adjusted by an increases in prepaid expenses and deposits of 4,457 and accrued expenses of 86,085, and decreases
in accounts payable of 56,079. In 2021, the net cash used in operating activities consisted primarily of our net loss of 2,841,850),
offset by estimated fair value of stock-based compensation of 2,002,850, depreciation and amortization of 129,789, and imputed interest
on RP loan of 16,226, adjusted by increases in prepaid expenses and deposits of 8,241, and increases in accounts payable of 3,880
and accrued expenses of 111,949. 

Investments 

In
2022, we had net cash provided by investing activities of 1,257,037, consisting entirely of proceeds from disposal of a fixed asset.
In 2021 we had net cash used in investing activities of 271,233, consisting entirely of purchases of property and equipment. 

Financing 

Our
net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 148,667), compared to 848,617 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. For the period in 2022, our financing activities related to proceeds from the sale of common stock of 40,000, proceeds
from notes payable - related party of 504,000, repayments on notes payable-related party of 585,721) and repayments on notes payable
of 106,946). For the period in 2021, our financing activities related to proceeds from the sale of common stock of 560,000, and proceeds
from notes payable of 387, proceeds from notes payable related party of 338,201, offset by repayments on notes payable of 49,971). 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off - balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM
7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM
8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

For
a list of financial statements and supplementary data filed as part of this Annual Report, see the Index to Financial Statements beginning
at page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There
are no items required to be reported under this Item. 

29 

ITEM
9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a) Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Accounting Officer), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined)
in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(c) and 15d 15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, who are our principal executive officer and principal financial officers, respectively, concluded that, as of
the end of the period ended December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective (1) to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to us, including our chief executive
and chief financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Accounting Officer) do not expect that our disclosure controls or
internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. No matter how well conceived and operated, our disclosure controls
and procedures can provide only a reasonable level of assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Further, the design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally,
controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Furthermore,
smaller reporting companies face additional limitations. Smaller reporting companies employ fewer individuals and find it difficult to
properly segregate duties. Often, one or two individuals control every aspect of the company s operation and are in a position
to override any system of internal control. Additionally, smaller reporting companies tend to utilize general accounting software packages
that lack a rigorous set of software controls. 

(b) Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as amended, as a process
designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Financial Officer),
and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and any disposition of our assets; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of our management and directors; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

30 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, Management has identified the following
three material weaknesses that have caused management to conclude that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures,
and our internal control over financial reporting, were not effective at the reasonable assurance level: 

1. We
do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size
and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However,
to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by
separate individuals. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our
disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

2. We
have not documented our internal controls. We have limited policies and procedures that cover the recording and reporting
of financial transactions and accounting provisions. As a result we may be delayed in our ability to calculate certain accounting
provisions. While we believe these provisions are accounted for correctly in the attached audited financial statements our
lack of internal controls could lead to a delay in our reporting obligations. We are required to provide written documentation
of key internal controls over financial reporting. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation
of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control
deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

3. Effective
controls over the control environment were not maintained. Specifically, a formally adopted written code of business conduct
and ethics that governs our employees, officers, and directors was not in place. Additionally, management has not developed
and effectively communicated to our employees its accounting policies and procedures. This has resulted in inconsistent practices. Further,
our Board of Directors does not currently have any independent members and no director qualifies as an audit committee financial expert
as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Since these entity level programs have a pervasive effect across the organization,
management has determined that these circumstances constitute a material weakness. 

4. We
have no formal process related to the identification and approval of related party transactions. 

To
address these material weaknesses, management performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements
included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods
presented. Accordingly, we believe that the consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all
material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

(c) Remediation
of Material Weaknesses 

In
order to remediate the material weakness in our documentation, evaluation and testing of internal controls, we hope to hire additional
qualified and experienced personnel to assist us in remedying this material weakness. 

31 

(d) Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
are no changes to report during our fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
9B OTHER INFORMATION 

There
are no events required to be disclosed by the Item. 

32 

PART
III 

ITEM
10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of the current directors and executive officers of the Company, the principal offices and
positions with the Company held by each person and the date such person became a director or executive officer of the Company. The executive
officers of the Company are elected annually by the Board of Directors. The directors serve one-year terms until their successors are
elected. The executive officers serve terms of one year or until their death, resignation or removal by the Board of Directors. Unless
described below, there are no family relationships among any of the directors and officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 

Glenn
 E. Martin 
 
 69 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a Director 

Nicole
 M. Breen 
 
 46 
 
 Secretary,
 Treasurer and a Director 

Glenn
E. Martin was appointed as our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer on September 30, 2014. Mr. Martin has
been a Director since January 1, 2005. Mr. Martin was our President from 2005 until 2012. Between July 2012 and September 2014, there
was a dispute with our Board of Directors and Mr. Martin remained on the Board of Directors but was no longer our Chief Executive Officer
or Chief Financial Officer. During this time he was still involved with our company and was reinstated to those positions in September
2014. Prior to joining United Mines, Mr. Martin has served in an executive capacity with several different companies. From 1988 through
the fall of 1992, Mr. Martin was Executive Director of World Trade Center, Tucson, a subsidiary of the former Twin Towers in New York
City. In this position he oversaw the day to day operation, including projects, programs, and seminars for the U.S. Dept. of Commerce
associate office in the W.T.C., Tucson promoting D.O.C. programs, servicing clients for both the D.O.C. and Small Business administration.
During his tenure with World Trade Center he served as speaker for international trade seminars and the AIESEC (U.S) National Leadership
Seminars. Member; Hong Kong Trade Association 1988 to present. Member; Society of Mining, Metallurgy Exploration (2008) Guest speaker
at Inaugural HKBAH Annual Event in May 2010 member of Hong Kong Business Association of Hawaii (2010) 

During
our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Mr. Martin received 0 and 0, respectively, in cash compensation for
his services. As of December 31, 2022, we owe Mr. Martin 368,000 in cash compensation for his services. Mr. Martin did not receive shares
of our common stock as compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As of March 30, 2023, Mr. Martin owned,
beneficially-owned, or controlled an aggregate of 55,841,078 shares of our common stock. Mr. Martin has not sold any shares of his stock
since inception in January 2005. 

Nicole
M. Breen , was appointed as our Secretary and Treasurer on September 30, 2014. Ms. Breen has been a Director since January 1, 2005.
Ms. Breen was our Secretary and Treasurer from 2005 until 2012. Between July 2012 and September 2014, there was a dispute with our Board
of Directors and Ms. Breen remained on the Board of Directors but was no longer our Secretary and Treasurer. During this time she was
still involved with our company and was reinstated to those positions in September 2014. From June 2000 to 2012 she served as the Managing
Associate of GEM Management Group, LLC specializing in acquiring mineral rights and mining properties, along with servicing administration
requirements for the company. All Ms. Breen s current work in the Cannabis industry is done on our behalf. In this position, she
oversees as corporate secretary, recording secretary and the day-to-day treasury operations of the company. Ms. Breen received her Bachelor
of Science in Physical Education in Education, with a minor in Elementary Education, from the University of Arizona. 

33 

During
our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Ms. Breen received 105,000 and 80,500, respectively, in cash compensation
for her services. As of December 31, 2022, we owe Ms. Breen 66,750 in cash compensation for her services. As of March 30, 2023, Ms.
Breen owned, beneficially-owned, or controlled an aggregate of 19,631,593 shares of our common stock. 

Term
of Office 

Our
directors hold office until the next annual meeting or until their successors have been elected and qualified, or until they resign or
are removed. Our board of directors appoints our officers, and our officers hold office until their successors are chosen and qualify,
or until their resignation or their removal. 

Family
Relationships 

Nicole
Breen is Glenn Martin s daughter. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 No
 bankruptcy petition has been filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either
 at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

3. 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; 

4. 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading
 Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended,
 or vacated; 

5. 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation;
 or (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary
 or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order,
 or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
 entity; or 

6. 
 being
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of
 the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over
 its members or persons associated with a member. 

34 

Committees 

All
proceedings of the board of directors for the year ended December 31, 2022 were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by the
board of directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of our board of directors. Our company currently does not have nominating,
compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our company have a written nominating, compensation
or audit committee charter. Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees because it believes
that the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the board of directors. 

We
do not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. The
board of directors believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance
until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria
for the election of nominees to the board of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees.
The board of directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election
or appointment. 

A
shareholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our president
at the address appearing on the first page of this annual report. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

Our
board of directors has determined that it does not have an audit committee member that qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. We believe that the audit committee members are collectively capable
of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. In addition,
we believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly
costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development and the fact that we have not
generated revenues to date. 

Nomination
Procedures For Appointment of Directors 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not effect any material changes to the procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to our
board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
do not have a code of ethics. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s directors and executive officers and persons who own more than
ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent
shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

35 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, to the Company s knowledge, the following delinquencies occurred: 

Name 
 No.
 of Late 
 Reports 
 No.
 of 
 Transactions 
 Reported Late 
 No.
 of 
 Failures to 
 File 
 
 Glenn
 E. Martin 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Nicole
 M. Breen 
 0 
 0 
 0 

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers 

Section
15 of our Articles of Incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no director or officer shall be personally
liable to the corporation or its shareholders for damages for breach of any duty owed to the corporation or its shareholders. 

Section
16 of our Articles of Incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Nevada
we will indemnify our officers and directors from and against any and all expenses, liabilities, or other matters. 

Article
IX of our Bylaws further addresses indemnification of our directors and officers and allows us to indemnify our directors in the event
they meet certain criteria in terms of acting in good faith and in an official capacity within the scope of their duties, when such conduct
leads them to be involved in a legal action. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act may be permitted to directors, officers
and controlling persons of the small business issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the small business issuer has
been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

36 

ITEM
11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
particulars of compensation paid to the following persons: 

(a) 
 all
 individuals serving as our principal executive officer during the year ended December 31, 2022; 

(b) 
 each
 of our two most highly compensated executive officers other than our principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers
 at December 31, 2022 who had total compensation exceeding 100,000; and 

(c) 
 up
 to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not
 serving as our executive officer at December 31, 2022, 

who
we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, are set out in the
following summary compensation table: 

Summary
Compensation 

The
following table provides a summary of the compensation received by the persons set out therein for each of our last three fiscal years: 

SUMMARY
 COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Name 
 and Principal 
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Change
 in 
 Pension 
 Value and 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 All 
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Glenn
 E. Martin 
 President,
 CEO, CFO (1) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 96,000 (2) 
 96,000 (2) 
 96,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 96,000 (2) 
 96,000 (2) 
 96,000 

Nicole
 M. Breen, 
 Secretary and Treasurer (3) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 78,000 (4) 
 78,000 (4) 
 78,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 78,000 (4) 
 78,000 (4) 
 78,000 

(1) Mr.
 Martin was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer on September
 30, 2014. 

(2) All
 96,000 owed to Mr. Martin was accrued in 2021 and 2022. 

(3) Ms.
 Breen was appointed Secretary and Treasurer on September 30, 2014. 

(4) Ms.
 Breen was paid 105,000 in 2022, covering her 2022 salary and certain past accrued salary. 

Employment
Contracts 

In
2014 and 2016 we entered into employment agreements with Glenn E. Martin, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Nicole
Breen, our Secretary and Treasurer and Ryan Breen, our Vice President and Social Media Officer. 

37 

Under
the terms of our agreement with Mr. Martin dated October 1, 2016, he serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer. The agreement
was for a two-year term and Mr. Martin received Seven Million (7,000,000) shares of our common stock, restricted in accordance with Rule144,
and was to receive Seven Million (7,000,000) additional shares as his annual salary for agreeing to serve as our President and Chief
Executive Officer. Additionally, Mr. Martin was entitled to One Million (1,000,000) shares of a yet-to-be-created class of Series B Preferred
Stock if we regained fully-reporting status with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We are obligated to maintain and
pay the premiums for key man life insurance in the amount of 1,000,000. Our agreement with Mr. Martin also contained various
provisions related to his termination without cause and in the event we undergo a change of control transaction. To date, no key
man insurance has been obtained. 

On
January 23, 2018, our Board of Directors agreed to enter into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Glenn E. Martin. Under
the new agreement, Mr. Martin will serve as our President and Chief Executive Officer for a five (5) year term in exchange for a base
salary of 1,500 per week, which will be increased to 120,000 annually in the event we raise an aggregate of 2,000,000 during the term
of the agreement. The agreement went effective beginning February 1, 2018. Additionally, we agreed to grant Mr. Martin One Million (1,000,000)
shares of our restricted common stock on February 1, 2018 pursuant to the terms of a Restricted Stock Agreement, with the shares subject
to certain restrictions on transfer which expire on 33 of the shares on February 1, 2019, 66 of the shares on February 1, 2020 and
100 of the shares on February 1, 2021. We also agreed to issue Mr. Martin a Non-Qualified Stock Option on February 1, 2018 to purchase
up to Four Million (4,000,000) shares of our common stock at 10.55 per share, with the options vesting 33 1/3 on August 1, 2018, 33
1/3 on February 1, 2019 and 33 1/3rd on February 1, 2020. The options expire ten years from the date of grant. As a result of the
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Mr. Martin, he is no longer entitled to the Seven Million (7,000,000) shares of our common
stock as annual salary, or the One Million (1,000,000) shares of a yet-to-be-created class of Series B Preferred Stock if we become fully-reporting,
which were both set forth in his prior employment agreement. On December 19, 2018, Mr. Martin requested termination of his Restricted
Stock Agreement dated February 1, 2018 and requested that the grants of restricted stock therein be forfeited. As a result, we terminated
his Restricted Stock Agreement and the grants of stock thereunder immediately. At the time of the termination none of the transfer restrictions
on the shares had been lifted and Mr. Martin never received the shares. 

Under
the terms of our agreement with Mrs. Breen dated October 1, 2016, she serves as our Secretary and Treasurer. The agreement was for a
two-year term and Ms. Breen received Four Million (4,000,000) shares of our common stock, restricted in accordance with Rule 144, and
was to receive Four Million (4,000,000) additional shares as her annual salary for agreeing to serve as our Secretary and Treasurer.
Additionally, Ms. Breen was entitled to One Hundred Thousand (100,000) shares of a yet-to-be-created class of Series B Preferred Stock
if we regained fully-reporting status with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our agreement with Ms. Breen also contained
various provisions related to her termination without cause and in the event we undergo a change of control transaction. 

On
January 23, 2018, our Board of Directors agreed to enter into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Nicole M. Breen. Under
the new agreement, Ms. Breen will serve as our Secretary and Treasurer for a five (5) year term in exchange for a base salary of 1,000
per week. The agreement went effective beginning February 1, 2018. Additionally, we agreed to grant Ms. Breen Five Hundred Thousand (500,000)
shares of our restricted common stock on February 1, 2018 pursuant to the terms of a Restricted Stock Agreement, with the shares subject
to certain restrictions on transfer which expire on 33 of the shares on February 1, 2019, 66 of the shares on February 1, 2020 and
100 of the shares on February 1, 2021. We also agreed to issue Ms. Breen a Non-Qualified Stock Option on February 1, 2018 to purchase
up to Two Million (2,000,000) shares of our common stock at 10.55 per share, with the options vesting 33 1/3 on August 1, 2018, 33
1/3 on February 1, 2019 and 33 1/3rd on February 1, 2020. The options expire ten years from the date of grant. As a result of the
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Ms. Breen, she is no longer entitled to the One Million (1,000,000) shares of our common
stock as annual salary, or the One Hundred Thousand (100,000) shares of a yet-to-be-created class of Series B Preferred Stock if we become
fully-reporting, which were both set forth in her prior employment agreement. On December 19, 2018, Ms. Breen requested termination of
her Restricted Stock Agreement dated February 1, 2018 and requested that the grants of restricted stock therein be forfeited. As a result,
we terminated her Restricted Stock Agreement and the grants of stock thereunder immediately. At the time of the termination none of the
transfer restrictions on the shares had been lifted and Ms. Breen never received the shares. 

38 

Long-Term
Incentive Plans. We do not provide its officers or employees with pension, stock appreciation rights, long-term incentive or other plans
and has no intention of implementing any of these plans for the foreseeable future. 

Employee
Pension, Profit Sharing or other Retirement Plans. We do not have a defined benefit, pension plan, profit sharing or other retirement
plan, although it may adopt one or more of such plans in the future. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth director compensation for 2022: 

Name 
 Fees 
 Earned 
 or Paid 
 in Cash 
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Glenn
 E. Martin 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Nicole
 M. Breen 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

No
director received compensation for the fiscal years December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. We have no formal plan for compensating
our directors for their service in their capacity as directors, although such directors are expected in the future to receive stock options
to purchase common shares as awarded by our board of directors or (as to future stock options) a compensation committee which may be
established. Directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
attendance at meetings of our board of directors. Our board of directors may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any
special services on our behalf other than services ordinarily required of a director. 

39 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning outstanding stock awards held by the Named Executive Officers on December 31,
2022: 

Option
 Awards 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 (#) 
 Exercisable 
 Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options 
 (#) 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 ) 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 Number 
 of 
 Shares 
 or Units 
 of Stock 
 That 
 Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 (#) 
 Market 
 Value 
 of 
 Shares 
 or 
 Units 
 of 
 Stock 
 That 
 Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 ) 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number 
 of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights 
 That 
 Have Not 
 Vested 
 (#) 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Market 
 or Payout 
 Value of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights 
 That 
 Have Not 
 Vested 
 ) 
 
 Glenn
 E. Martin 
 4,000,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 10.55 
 2/1/2028 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Nicole
 M. Breen 
 2,000,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 10.55 
 2/1/2028 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

On
February 1, 2018, we granted Mr. Glenn Martin a Non-Qualified Stock Option to purchase up to Four Million (4,000,000) shares of our common
stock at 10.55 per share, with the options vesting 33 1/3 on August 1, 2018, 33 1/3 on February 1, 2019 and 33 1/3rd on February
1, 2020. The options expire ten years from the date of grant. 

On
February 1, 2018, we granted Ms. Nicole Breen a Non-Qualified Stock Option to purchase up to Two Million (2,000,000) shares of our common
stock at 10.55 per share, with the options vesting 33 1/3 on August 1, 2018, 33 1/3 on February 1, 2019 and 33 1/3rd on February
1, 2020. The options expire ten years from the date of grant. 

Aggregated
Option Exercises 

There
were no options exercised by any officer or director of our company during our twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022. 

Long-Term
Incentive Plan 

Currently,
our company does not have a long-term incentive plan in favor of any director, officer, consultant or employee of our company. 

40 

ITEM
12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 30, 2023, certain information with respect to our equity securities owned of record or beneficially
by (i) each Officer and Director of the Company; (ii) each person who owns beneficially more than 5 of each class of the Company s
outstanding equity securities; and (iii) all Directors and Executive Officers as a group. 

Common
Stock 

Title
 of Class 
 
 Name
 and Address 
 of Beneficial Owner (2) 
 
 Nature
 of 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Amount 

Percent 
of Class (1) 

Common
 Stock 
 
 Glenn
 E. Martin (3) 
 
 President,
 CEO, CFO, and Director 
 
 55,760,412 
 (4) 
 
 45.2 

Common
 Stock 
 
 Nicole
 M. Breen (3) 
 
 Secretary,
 Treasurer, and Director 
 
 19,631,593 
 
 (4) 
 
 15.9 

Common
 Stock 
 
 All
 Officers and Directors as a Group (2 people) 

75,392,005 
 (4)(5) 
 
 61 

(1) Unless
 otherwise indicated, based on 123,482,685 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.
 Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable, or exercisable
 within 60 days, are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage of the person
 holding such options or warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for the purposes of computing
 the percentage of any other person. 

(2) Unless
 indicated otherwise, the address of the shareholder is 4920 N. Post Trail, Tucson, AZ 85750. 

(3) Indicates
one of our officers or directors. 

(4) Includes
 80,666 shares of common stock held in the name of Tanque Verde Valley Missionary Society,
 an entity controlled by Mr. Martin, as well as options to acquire 4,000,000 shares of our
 common stock at an exercise price of 10.55 per share. The options are exercisable at the
 discretion of the holder and expire 10 years from the date of grant. 

(5) Includes
 305,505 shares of common stock held in the name of GEM Management Group, LLC, an entity controlled
 by Ms. Breen, an aggregate of 15,927 shares of common stock held in the name of Ms. Breen s
 children, and 4,012,972 held in the name of Ryan Breen, Ms. Breen s husband. Also includes
 options to acquire 2,000,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 10.55, which
 options expire ten years from the date of grant. 

The
issuer is not aware of any person who owns of record, or is known to own beneficially, ten percent or more of the outstanding securities
of any class of the issuer, other than as set forth above. The issuer is not aware of any person who controls the issuer as specified
in Section 2(a)(1) of the 1940 Act. There are no classes of stock other than common stock issued or outstanding. The Company does not
have an investment advisor. 

ITEM
13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Employment
Contracts 

In
2014 and 2016 we entered into employment agreements with Glenn E. Martin, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Nicole
Breen, our Secretary and Treasurer and Ryan Breen, our Vice President and Social Media Officer. 

41 

Under
the terms of our agreement with Mr. Martin dated October 1, 2016, he serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer. The agreement
was for a two-year term and Mr. Martin received Seven Million (7,000,000) shares of our common stock, restricted in accordance with Rule144,
and was to receive Seven Million (7,000,000) additional shares as his annual salary for agreeing to serve as our President and Chief
Executive Officer. Additionally, Mr. Martin was entitled to One Million (1,000,000) shares of a yet-to-be-created class of Series B Preferred
Stock if we regained fully-reporting status with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We are obligated to maintain and
pay the premiums for key man life insurance in the amount of 1,000,000. Our agreement with Mr. Martin also contained various
provisions related to his termination without cause and in the event we undergo a change of control transaction. To date, no key
man insurance has been obtained. 

On
January 23, 2018, our Board of Directors agreed to enter into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Glenn E. Martin. Under
the new agreement, Mr. Martin will serve as our President and Chief Executive Officer for a five (5) year term in exchange for a base
salary of 1,500 per week, which will be increased to 120,000 annually in the event we raise an aggregate of 2,000,000 during the term
of the agreement. The agreement went effective beginning February 1, 2018. Additionally, we agreed to grant Mr. Martin One Million (1,000,000)
shares of our restricted common stock on February 1, 2018 pursuant to the terms of a Restricted Stock Agreement, with the shares subject
to certain restrictions on transfer which expire on 33 of the shares on February 1, 2019, 66 of the shares on February 1, 2020 and
100 of the shares on February 1, 2021. We also agreed to issue Mr. Martin a Non-Qualified Stock Option on February 1, 2018 to purchase
up to Four Million (4,000,000) shares of our common stock at 10.55 per share, with the options vesting 33 1/3 on August 1, 2018, 33
1/3 on February 1, 2019 and 33 1/3rd on February 1, 2020. The options expire ten years from the date of grant. As a result of the
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Mr. Martin, he is no longer entitled to the Seven Million (7,000,000) shares of our common
stock as annual salary, or the One Million (1,000,000) shares of a yet-to-be-created class of Series B Preferred Stock if we become fully-reporting,
which were both set forth in his prior employment agreement. On December 19, 2018, Mr. Martin requested termination of his Restricted
Stock Agreement dated February 1, 2018 and requested that the grants of restricted stock therein be forfeited. As a result, we terminated
his Restricted Stock Agreement and the grants of stock thereunder immediately. At the time of the termination none of the transfer restrictions
on the shares had been lifted and Mr. Martin never received the shares. 

Under
the terms of our agreement with Mrs. Breen dated October 1, 2016, she serves as our Secretary and Treasurer. The agreement was for a
two-year term and Ms. Breen received Four Million (4,000,000) shares of our common stock, restricted in accordance with Rule 144, and
was to receive Four Million (4,000,000) additional shares as her annual salary for agreeing to serve as our Secretary and Treasurer.
Additionally, Ms. Breen was entitled to One Hundred Thousand (100,000) shares of a yet-to-be-created class of Series B Preferred Stock
if we regained fully-reporting status with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our agreement with Ms. Breen also contained
various provisions related to her termination without cause and in the event we undergo a change of control transaction. 

On
January 23, 2018, our Board of Directors agreed to enter into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Nicole M. Breen. Under
the new agreement, Ms. Breen will serve as our Secretary and Treasurer for a five (5) year term in exchange for a base salary of 1,000
per week. The agreement went effective beginning February 1, 2018. Additionally, we agreed to grant Ms. Breen Five Hundred Thousand (500,000)
shares of our restricted common stock on February 1, 2018 pursuant to the terms of a Restricted Stock Agreement, with the shares subject
to certain restrictions on transfer which expire on 33 of the shares on February 1, 2019, 66 of the shares on February 1, 2020 and
100 of the shares on February 1, 2021. We also agreed to issue Ms. Breen a Non-Qualified Stock Option on February 1, 2018 to purchase
up to Two Million (2,000,000) shares of our common stock at 10.55 per share, with the options vesting 33 1/3 on August 1, 2018, 33
1/3 on February 1, 2019 and 33 1/3rd on February 1, 2020. The options expire ten years from the date of grant. As a result of the
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Ms. Breen, she is no longer entitled to the One Million (1,000,000) shares of our common
stock as annual salary, or the One Hundred Thousand (100,000) shares of a yet-to-be-created class of Series B Preferred Stock if we become
fully-reporting, which were both set forth in her prior employment agreement. On December 19, 2018, Ms. Breen requested termination of
her Restricted Stock Agreement dated February 1, 2018 and requested that the grants of restricted stock therein be forfeited. As a result,
we terminated her Restricted Stock Agreement and the grants of stock thereunder immediately. At the time of the termination none of the
transfer restrictions on the shares had been lifted and Ms. Breen never received the shares. 

42 

Long-Term
Incentive Plans. We do not provide its officers or employees with pension, stock appreciation rights, long-term incentive or other plans
and has no intention of implementing any of these plans for the foreseeable future. 

Employee
Pension, Profit Sharing or other Retirement Plans. We do not have a defined benefit, pension plan, profit sharing or other retirement
plan, although it may adopt one or more of such plans in the future. 

Share
Issuances 

On
June 18, 2018, we issued an aggregate of 100,000 shares of our common stock to Patrick E. Williams, who at the time was one of our Directors
and an officer of Sangre for services rendered. The total fair value of the stock was 514,000 based on the closing price of our common
stock on the date of grant. 

On
October 1, 2016, we granted 7,000,000 shares of common stock to Glenn E. Martin, our Chief Executive Officer, as a bonus for services
to be performed from January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2022, as our primary executive officer, pursuant to an amended employment agreement.
The total fair value of the common stock was 700,000 based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. 

In
addition, on October 1, 2016, we granted a total of 14,000,000 shares of common stock to Glenn E. Martin, our Chief Executive Officer,
for services performed from January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2016, as our primary executive officer, pursuant to his previous employment
agreement. The total fair value of the common stock was 1,400,000 based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. 

On
October 1, 2016, we granted 4,000,000 shares of common stock to Nicole Breen, our Secretary and Treasurer, for services to be performed
from January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2022, in those capacities, pursuant to an amended employment agreement. The total fair value of
the common stock was 400,000 based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. 

In
addition, on October 1, 2016, we granted a total of 8,000,000 shares of common stock to Nicole, our Secretary and Treasurer, for services
performed from January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2016, in those capacities, pursuant to their previous employment agreement. The total
fair value of the common stock was 800,000 based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. 

On
January 1, 2015, we granted 7,000,000 shares of common stock to our Glenn E. Martin, our Chief Executive Officer, as a bonus for services
performed from January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2016, as our primary executive officer. The total fair value of the common stock was 490,000
based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. The shares were subsequently issued on June 29, 2015. 

On
January 1, 2015, we granted 4,000,000 shares of common stock to Nicole Breen, our Secretary and Treasurer, as a bonus for services performed
from January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2016, in those capacities. The total fair value of the common stock was 280,000 based on the closing
price of our common stock on the date of grant. The shares were subsequently issued on June 29, 2015. 

On
or about December 5, 2014, we issued 18,000,000 shares to Glenn Martin, our Chief Executive Officer, at 0.05 per share, in exchange
for services rendered to the company from January 1, 2012 until December 31, 2014. 

43 

On
or about September 30, 2014, we issued: (i) an aggregate of 9,600,000 shares to Glenn Martin, Nicole Breen and Ryan Breen, affiliates
of the company, at 0.05 per share, in exchange for services rendered to the company from July 2012 to September 30, 2014. 

Notes
Payable 

On
various dates, we received advances from our Chief Executive Officer, Glenn Martin, and our Secretary, Nicole Breen. Mr. Martin and Ms.
Breen own approximately 50 and 20 of our common stock, respectively. The unsecured interest bearing loans at 5 are due on demand.
As of December 31, 2022, we owed Mr. Martin 500,000 and Ms. Breen 27,979 under these notes. 

On
January 2, 2018, Dr. Pat Williams, at the time a member of our Board of Directors, loaned us 37,000, at an interest rate of 2 per annum,
compounded annually and due on demand. The loan was for the purpose of assisting us in purchasing the condominium in La Veta, CO. 

Lease of Real Property 

We
lease our executive offices from Glenn E. Martin, our President, on a month-to-month basis at a monthly rent of 1,000, which began on
April 1, 2017. 

Corporate
Governance 

As
of December 31, 2022, our Board of Directors consisted of Glenn E. Martin and Nicole M. Breen. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have
any directors that qualified as independent directors as the term is used in NASDAQ rule 5605(a)(2). 

Our
current Board of Directors consists of Glenn E. Martin and Nicole M. Breen as our only directors. 

44 

ITEM
14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for the two most recently completed fiscal periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 for professional
services rendered by M K CPAS, PLLC, for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, quarterly reviews of our interim
consolidated financial statements and services normally provided by the independent accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees and Audit Related Fees 
 39,250 
 29,750 
 
 Tax Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 All Other Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Total 
 39,250 
 29,750 

In
the above table, audit fees are fees billed by our company s external auditor for services provided in auditing our
company s annual financial statements for the subject year. Audit-related fees are fees not included in audit fees
that are billed by the auditor for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit review
of our company s financial statements. Tax fees are fees billed by the auditor for professional services rendered
for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. All other fees are fees billed by the auditor for products and services
not included in the foregoing categories. 

Policy
on Pre-Approval by Audit Committee of Services Performed by Independent Auditors 

The
board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and
approved by the board of directors before the respective services were rendered. 

The
board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by M K CPAS, PLLC and believes that the provision of services
for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining M K CPAS, PLLC independence. 

45 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) Financial
Statements 

For
a list of financial statements and supplementary data filed as part of this Annual Report, see the Index to Financial Statements beginning
at page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

(a)(2) Financial
Statement Schedules 

We
do not have any financial statement schedules required to be supplied under this Item. 

(a)(3) Exhibits 

Refer
to (b) below. 

Item
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1
 (1) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of WEED, Inc. 

3.2
 (1) 
 
 Bylaws of WEED, Inc. 

10.1
 (1) 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement by and between WEED, Inc. and Sangre AT, LLC dated April 20, 2017 

10.2
 (1) 
 
 Promissory Note dated July 26, 2017 issued to A.R. Miller for acquisition of La Veta, CO Property 

10.3
 (1) 
 
 Deed of Trust dated July 26, 2017 related to acquisition of La Veta, CO Property 

10.4
 (2) 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 

10.5
 (2) 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement 

10.6
 (2) 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between WEED, Inc. and Greg DiPaolo s Pro Am Golf, LLC dated October 24, 2017 

10.7
 (3) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Promissory Note by and between WEED, Inc. and A.R. Miller dated January 12, 2018 

10.8
 (3) 
 
 Amended Restated Employment Agreement with Glenn E. Martin dated February 1, 2018 

10.9
 (3) 
 
 Amended
 Restated Employment Agreement with Nicole M. Breen dated February 1, 2018 

10.10
 (3) 
 
 Form of WEED, Inc. Restricted Stock Agreement 

10.11
 (3) 
 
 Form of WEED, Inc. Notice of Grant of Non-Qualified Stock Options 

10.12
 (3) 
 
 Wage Settlement and Release Agreement with Ryan Breen dated February 1, 2018 

10.13
 (4) 
 
 Second Addendum to Purchase and Sale Agreement Greg DiPaolo s Pro Am Gold, LLC dated February 19, 2018 

10.14
 (5) 
 
 Exclusive License and Assignment Agreement with Yissum Research Development Company of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Ltd. dated March 1, 2019 

46 

10.15
 (5) 
 
 Consulting Agreement with Yissum Research Development Company of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Ltd. and Prof. Elka Touitou dated March 1, 2019 

10.16
 (7) 
 
 Promissory Note issued by WEED, Inc. to Glenn E. Martin dated November 2, 2021 

21.1
 (6) 
 
 Subsidiaries of WEED, Inc. 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Accounting Officer (filed herewith). 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (filed herewith). 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Accounting Officer (filed herewith). 

101.INS

XBRL
 Instance Document 

101.SCH

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
herewith 

XBRL
(Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for
purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on August 11, 2017. 

(2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on November 16, 2017. 

(3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on February 1, 2018. 

(4) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Amendment No. 3 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on April 30, 2018. 

(5) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 7, 2019. 

(6) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 16, 2019. 

(7) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 10, 2021. 

47 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

WEED,
 Inc. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Glenn E. Martin 

By: 
 Glenn
 E. Martin 

Its: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), President, and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial
 Officer) 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Nicole M. Breen 

By: 
 Nicole
 M. Breen 

Its: 
 Secretary
 and Treasurer 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Glenn E. Martin 

By: 
 Glenn
 E. Martin, Director 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/
 Nicole M. Breen 

By: 
 Nicole
 M. Breen, Director 

48 

ITEM
8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets for WEED, Inc. for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income for WEED, Inc. for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for WEED, Inc. for December 31, 2022 
 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for WEED, Inc. for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for WEED, Inc. the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 F-8 

Supplementary
Data 

Not
applicable 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of WEED, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet of WEED, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two- year period
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its consolidated operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two- year period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated
financial statements, the Company has not yet generated any significant revenue, has incurred recurring losses from operations, generated
negative cash flows from operating activities and had an accumulated deficit that raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management's evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans in regarding these matters
are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated
below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below,
providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Going Concern 

As discussed in Note 2, the Company
has not yet generated any significant revenue, has incurred recurring losses from operations, generated negative cash flows from operating
activities and had an accumulated deficit that raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

F- 2 

Auditing management s evaluation of a going concern can
be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company uses management estimates on future revenues and expenses, which are difficult
to substantiate. 

We evaluated the appropriateness of the going concern, we
examined and evaluated the financial information along with management s plans to mitigate the going concern and management s
disclosure on going concern. 

/s/ M K CPAS, PLLC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2017. 

Houston, Texas 

March 31, 2023 

F- 3 

WEED,
 INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
 SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current asset 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Land 

Building 

Computers equipment 

Leasehold improvements 
 - 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

License 
 
 - 
 
 Trademark 

Intangible assets, gross 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

ROU asset 
 
 - 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expense 

Accrued officer compensation 

Accrued interest 

Notes payable, related parties 

Notes payable - in default 

Lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Due to officer 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Common stock, par value, authorized, and issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Subscription payable 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss: 

Foreign currency translation 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKERHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

WEED,
 INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
 OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Years 

Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUE 
 - 
 - 

COST OF GOOD SOLD 
 - 
 - 

GROSS PROFIT 
 - 
 - 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative expenses 

Professional fees 

Depreciation amortization 

Total operating expenses 

NET OPERATING LOSS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest expense 

Other expense 

Impairment of goodwill and inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on disposal of fixed assets 
 
 - 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

NET LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE 
 - 
 - 

NET LOSS 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES 

Outstanding - basic and fully diluted 

Net loss per share - basic and fully diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

WEED,
 INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

For
 the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common
 Stock 

Total 

Additional 
 Subscriptions 
 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-In
 Capital 
 Payable 
 
 Deficit 
 Comprehensive 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Common stock sold for cash 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Imputed Interest on RP Loans 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Other comprehensive income, net 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common stock sold for cash 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 

- 
 - 

Stock issuance for acquistion of Hempriical Genetics 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Imputed Interest on RP Loans 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Other comprehensive income, net 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

WEED,
 INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

For the Year 

Ended 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile to net loss to net cash used in
 operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Debt discount amortization 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on disposal of fixed asset 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of goodwill and inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Imputed Interet on RP loans 

Estimated fair value of stock based compensation 
 - 

Estimated fair value of shares issued for services 
 
 - 
 
 Decrease (increase) in assets 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Increase (decrease) in liabilities 

Accounts Payable 

Accrued expenses 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 - 

Proceeds from disposal of fixed asset 
 
 - 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 - 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock 

Proceeds from notes payable - related party 

Repayments on notes payable - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Repayments on notes payable 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE ON CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid during the years ended December 31: 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest paid 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Acquistion of Hemprical Genetics with common stock and note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Deposit used for purchase of property and equipment 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

WEED,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 

Nevada 
 
 Parent 
 
 WEED 
 
 (2) 
 
 Wyoming 
 
 Subsidiary 
 
 Sangre 
 
 (3) 
 
 Arizona 
 
 Subsidiary 
 
 Hempirical
 Generics 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

The
consolidated financial statements herein contain the operations of the wholly-owned subsidiary listed above. All significant inter-company
transactions have been eliminated in the preparation of these financial statements. The parent company, WEED and subsidiary, Sangre will
be collectively referred to herein as the Company , or WEED . The Company s headquarters are located in Tucson,
Arizona and its operations are primarily within the United States, with minimal operations in Australia. 

These
statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which in the opinion of management are necessary for
fair presentation of the information contained therein. 

and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and negative working capital of at December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management is actively pursuing new products and services to begin generating
revenues. In addition, the Company is currently seeking additional sources of capital to fund short term operations. The Company, however,
is dependent upon its ability to secure equity and/or debt financing and there are no assurances that the Company will be successful;
therefore, without sufficient financing it would be unlikely for the Company to continue as a going concern. 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of any uncertainty as to the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. The financial statements also do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

and of note payable on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.
From January 2021 to March 31, 2021, the Company received loan from Nicole Breen. From April 2021 to June 2021, the Company received
 loan from Nicole Breen. From July 2021 to September 2021, the Company received loan from Nicole Breen. From Oct 2021 to
December 2021, the Company received and loans from Nicole Breen and Glenn Martin, respectively. From January 2022 to
March 31, 2022, the Company received and loans from Nicole Breen and Glenn Martin, respectively. The 500,000 loan from
Glenn Martin was replaced the 300,000 loan. On May 2, 2022, the Company acquired the Hempirical Genetics, LLC from Jeffrey Miller, and
then Jeffrey Miller became the executive officer of WEED, Inc. Based on the agreement, the Company owned Jeffrey Miller 205,000 as of
December 31, 2022. On July 1, 2022, Patrick Brodnik signed executive employee agreement with the Company, and become one of the related
parties since that. On various dates during the third quarter 2022, the Company received advance of 3,661 from Patrick Brodnik at no
interest. 

Services 

Nicole
M. Breen receives 1,500 a week in cash compensation for her services rendered to the Company. 

Glenn
E. Martin receives 8,000 a month in cash compensation for his services rendered to the Company. 

Deposits 

Glenn
E. Martin made the deposit of 50,000 on the Thorne Ranch property under his name. There is an agreement between Glenn E, Martin and
the Company that if the property closes, Glenn E. Martin will transfer the title and all rights to the Company. The deposit was returned
in June 2021. 

Accrued
Compensation 

A
total of and of officer compensation was unpaid and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 10 

- 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets, net 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total assets 

- 
 
 Liabilities 

Notes payable, related parties 

Notes payable 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

- 

Fair
Value Measurements at December 31, 2022 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets 

Cash 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets, net 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total assets 

- 
 
 Liabilities 

Notes payable, related parties 

Notes payable 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

- 

The
fair values of our related party debts are deemed to approximate book value and are considered Level 2 inputs as defined by ASC Topic
820-10-35. 

There
were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 inputs for the year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

F- 11 

from Lex Seabre in exchange for shares of common stock of the Company. The 60,000
was paid as a deposit for the Sugar Hill golf course property auction. 

On
June 28, 2019, the Company received a loan of 12,000 from Nicole Breen. The 12,000 was paid as a deposit for the Sugar Hill golf course
property auction. 

On
September 25, 2019, the Company received from Lex Seabre in exchange for shares of common stock of the Company. The 20,000
was paid as a deposit for the additional 60-day extension for the Sugar Hill golf course property purchase. 

As
of December 31, 2020, a total of 212,000 has been paid as a deposit for the Sugar Hill golf course property purchase. As of September
31, 2021, a total of 252,000 has been paid as a deposit for the Sugar Hill golf course property purchase. 

The
Company entered into Memorandum of Sale agreement for the Sugar Hill property with M T Bank and the Referee to make payment of 10,000
per month commencing on February 1, 2020 and continuing on the 1 st of each month until January 1, 2021 with a balloon payment
of 272,167.73 on February 1, 2021. On January 18, 2021, the Company worked out an additional extension with the bank. Under the terms
of that agreement, we agreed to pay 10,000 per month beginning February 1, 2021 until November 1, 2021, and then pay a balloon payment
of approximately 172,000 due on or before December 1, 2021. 

On
November 11, 2021, the Company paid 245,000 to purchase the Sugar Hill golf course property. The total purchase price was 477,000. 

Automobiles 

Office equipment 

Furniture Fixtures 

Lab equipment 

Construction in progress 

Land 

Property 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

On
May 12, 2022, the Company sold the La Veta property for and was record as gain on the sale. 

Depreciation
expense totaled and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Intangibles 

In
accordance with FASB ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other , the Company evaluates the recoverability of identifiable
intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an intangible asset s carrying amount may not be
recoverable. The impairment loss would be calculated as the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value.
The US and Europe trademarks were acquired for 40,000 and 50,000, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2018. Trademarks
are initially measured based on their fair value and amortized by 10 and 25 years. 

Acquisition intangible assets arising out of the
acquisition of Hempirical Genetics, LLC. That should, in accordance with GAAP, be classified as intangibles, include
goodwill. 

License 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Total other intangibles, Net 

Goodwill, Net 
 - - 
 - - 
 
 Total Intangibles, Net 

Amortization
expense totaled and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Over various dates in 2011 and 2012, the Company received unsecured loans in the aggregate amount of 10,000, due on demand, bearing interest at 10 , from Sandra Orman. The largest aggregate amount outstanding was 10,000 during the periods ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018. Mrs. Orman owns less than 1 of the Company s common stock, however, Mrs. Orman is deemed to be a related party given the nature of the loan and the materiality of the debt at the time of origination. 

Over various dates from April 2019 to March 2022, the company received a net amount of 356,700 of advances, bearing interest at 5 , from Nicole Breen. On October 28, 2019, the company s vehicles valued at 93,000 were used as a repayment. 
 
 - 

On November 2, 2021, the company received an unsecured loan in the amount of 300,000, bearing interest at 5 , from Glenn Martin. The loan was paid off on March 1, 2022. 
 - 

On March 1, 2022, the company received an unsecured loan in the amount of 500,000, bearing interest at 9.25 , from Glenn Martin. 
 
 - 

On May 2, 2022, the company acquired Hempirical Genetics, LLC with a note payable to the executive officer Jeffrey Miller 

Notes payable, related parties 

Less: Loan fee, net of amortization 

Notes payable, related parties 

The
Company recorded interest expense in the amount of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
including imputed interest expense in the amount of and during such periods related to notes payable, related parties. 

F- 13 

On various dates, the Company received advances from consultant, Patrick Brodnik with 0 and 5 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Notes Payable 

The
Company recognized interest expense of and related to the note payables for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
A total of 2,234 interest has been forgiven during the period. 

F- 14 

, and ROU assets of . 

Legal
Proceedings 

The
Company may be subject to legal proceedings and claims arising from contracts or other matters from time to time in the ordinary course
of business. Management is not aware of any pending or threatened litigation where the ultimate disposition or resolution could have
a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

. A total of 1,000,000 shares of common stocks at 0.201 per share market value were issued in May, and
the other 1,000,000 shares of common stocks of 193,302 fair value will be issued one year after the closing date, which is May 2, 2023.
As of June 30, 2022, WEED has paid a cash of 10,000 to the Hempirical, and will pay 5,000 each month starting from July 2022 until
paying off the note payable to Hempirical of 240,000 present value. As of December 31, 2022, the note payable balance is 205,000. 

- 

Consideration Cash 
 - 
 - 

Market price 

- 

Fair Value of Consideration 

Purchase Price 

Pro
forma information related to the operations of Hempirical are not disclosed as such operations were insignificant for the historical
periods. 

Equipment 

Total assets acquired 

Grower License 

Goodwill 

Total Consideration 

shares of blank check 
preferred stock with a par value of were authorized. No series of preferred stock has been designated to date. 

Common
Stock 

On
December 5, 2014, the Company amended the Articles of Incorporation, and increased the authorized shares to shares of 
par value common stock. 

2022
Common Stock Activity 

Common
Stock Sales (2022) 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for proceeds of . 300,000 shares valued at
 356,250 carried from prior year, were not issued at December 31, 2022, and such amount has been included in subscriptions payable. 

Common
Stock Issued for Services (2022) 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company agreed to issue an aggregate of to consultants for services performed. The total
fair value of common stock was 558,600 based on the closing price of the Company s common stock earned on the measurement date. 

Common
Stock Issued for Acquisition (2022) 

During
the period ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for acquisition of Hempirical Genetics, LLC. The
total fair value of common stock was 200,000 based on the closing price of the Company s common stock earned on the measurement
date. Based on the purchase agreement, the Company owned 1,000,000 shares of common stocks from one year of the closing date, which is
May 2, 2023. Also, on May 2, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Jeffrey Miller which the Company will issue 25,000
shares as salary, and such amount has been included in subscriptions payable. 

Common
Stock Cancellations 

No
common stocks were cancelled during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

2021
Common Stock Activity 

Common
Stock Sales (2021) 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for proceeds of . 50,000 shares valued
at 356,250 carried from prior year were not issued at December 31, 2021, and such amount has been included in subscriptions payable. 

Common
Stock Issued for Services (2021) 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company agreed to issue an aggregate of shares of common stock to consultants for services
performed. The total fair value of common stock was based on the closing price of the Company s common stock earned
on the measurement date. 

Common
Stock Cancellations 

No
common stocks were cancelled during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

warrants expired during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Warrants
Exercised (2020) 

No
warrants were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Common
Stock Options (2019) 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised/Expired/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at the end of period 

Exercisable at the end of period 

For the year Ended December 31, 2022 

Number of 
 Average 

Shares 
 Price 
 
 Outstanding at the beginning of period 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised/Expired/Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at the end of period 

Exercisable at the end of period 

and 
of federal net operating losses, respectively. The net operating loss carry forwards, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2031. 

Estimate Tax Loss December 31, 2022 

NOL Carry Forward Cumulative as of 12/31/2022 

Statutory Tax Rate 

Deferred Tax Asset 

Valuation 

Net Deferred Tax Asset 

Based
on the available objective evidence, including the Company s history of losses, management believes it is more likely than not
that the net deferred tax assets will not be fully realizable. Accordingly, the Company provided for a full valuation allowance against
its net deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

F- 18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 weed-ex31_1.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

I,
Glenn E. Martin, certify that: 

I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of WEED, Inc.; 

Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exhibit Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March
 31, 2023 

/s/
 Glenn E. Martin 

By: 
 Glenn
 E. Martin 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 weed-ex31_2.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF ACCOUNTING OFFICER

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

I,
Glenn E. Martin, certify that: 

I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of WEED, Inc.; 

Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exhibit Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting . 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Glenn E. Martin 

By: 
 Glenn
 E. Martin 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 weed-ex32_1.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of WEED, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Glenn E. Martin, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
 Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March
 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Glenn E. Martin 

By: Glenn
 E. Martin 

Its: Chief
 Executive Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to WEED, Inc. and will be retained by WEED, Inc.
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 weed-ex32_2.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF ACCOUNTING OFFICER

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of WEED, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Glenn E. Martin, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
 Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March
 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Glenn E. Martin 

By: Glenn
 E. Martin 

Its: Chief
 Financial Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to WEED, Inc. and will be retained by WEED, Inc.
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 budz-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 budz-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 budz-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 budz-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

