<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_81061_0000081061-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7419699</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114717</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1367609</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2481180</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1742111</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1583330</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000081061-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301145142
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000081061-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000081061
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-GROCERY STORES [5411]
		IRS NUMBER:				590324412
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-00981
		FILM NUMBER:		23692786

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 PUBLIX CORPORATE PARKWAY
		CITY:			LAKELAND
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33811
		BUSINESS PHONE:		863-688-1188

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 PUBLIX CORPORATE PARKWAY
		CITY:			LAKELAND
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33811

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000081061-23-000009.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 ck0000081061-20221231.htm
 10-K

ck0000081061-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock 1.00 Par Value 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes X 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes X 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. X No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months. X No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer X 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the Registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-ba sed compensation received by any of the Registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes X 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately as of June 24, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 The number of shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 7, 2023 was . 
 Documents Incorporated By Reference 
 The information required by Part III of this report, to the extent not set forth herein, is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement solicited for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 18, 2023. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 3 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 6 
 Item 2. Properties 
 6 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 6 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 6 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 6 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 9 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 9 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 14 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 15 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 40 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 40 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 40 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 40 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 40 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 40 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 40 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 40 
 Executive Officers of the Company 
 41 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 43 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 43 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Publix Super Markets, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (Company) are in the business of operating retail food supermarkets in Florida, Georgia, Alabama, South Carolina, Tennessee, North Carolina and Virginia. The Company plans to expand its retail operations into Kentucky in 2023. The Company was founded in 1930 and has no other significant lines of business or industry segments. 
 Merchandising and manufacturing 
 The Company sells a variety of merchandise which includes grocery (including dairy, produce, floral, deli, bakery, meat and seafood), health and beauty care, general merchandise, pharmacy and other products and services. This merchandise includes nationally advertised and private label brands as well as unbranded products such as produce, meat and seafood. Private label items are produced in the Company s facilities or manufactured for the Company by suppliers. The Company receives the food and nonfood products it sells from many sources. The Company believes its sources of supply for these products and the raw materials used in manufacturing are adequate for its needs and that it is not dependent upon a single supplier or relatively few suppliers. Merchandise is delivered to the supermarkets through Company distribution centers or directly from suppliers and is generally available in sufficient quantities to enable the Company to satisfy its customers. The cost of merchandise delivered to the supermarkets through the Company s distribution centers is approximately 73 of the total product costs. The coronavirus pandemic and supply chain disruptions have impacted the Company s sources of supply and the availability of certain products. However, the Company has generally been able to secure alternative sources of supply to serve the needs of its customers. The future impact of supply chain disruptions on sources of supply and the availability of certain products is uncertain and difficult to predict. 
 Store operations 
 The Company operated 1,322 supermarkets at the end of 2022, compared with 1,293 at the beginning of the year. In 2022, 40 supermarkets were opened (including eight replacement supermarkets) and 117 supermarkets were remodeled. Eleven supermarkets were closed during the period. The replacement supermarkets that opened in 2022 replaced one supermarket closed in 2022 and seven supermarkets closed in a previous period. Ten supermarkets closed in 2022 will be replaced on site in a subsequent period. Net new supermarkets added 1.4 million square feet in 2022, an increase of 2.2 . At the end of 2022, the Company had 842 supermarkets in Florida, 200 in Georgia, 86 in Alabama, 69 in South Carolina, 55 in Tennessee, 51 in North Carolina and 19 in Virginia. Also, at the end of 2022, the Company had 26 supermarkets under construction in Florida, nine in Georgia, four in Alabama, three in North Carolina, two in South Carolina, two in Tennessee and one in Kentucky. 
 Competition 
 The Company is engaged in the highly competitive retail food industry. The Company s competitors include traditional supermarkets, such as national and regional supermarket chains and independent supermarkets, as well as nontraditional competitors, such as supercenters, membership warehouse clubs, mass merchandisers, dollar stores, drug stores, specialty food stores, restaurants, convenience stores and online retailers. The Company s ability to attract and retain customers is based primarily on quality of goods and service, price, convenience, product mix and store location. 
 Seasonality 
 The historical influx of winter residents to Florida and increased purchases of products during the traditional Thanksgiving, Christmas and Easter holidays typically result in seasonal sales increases from November to April of each year. 
 Human capital resources 
 Employee ownership 
 The Company is the largest employee-owned company in the U.S. with 242,000 employees at the end of 2022. The Company is dedicated to the dignity, value and employment security of its employees and recognizes they are its most important asset and primary competitive advantage. The Company considers its employee relations to be good. 
 Career development 
 The Company believes in promoting its employees from within and is committed to providing them with many opportunities for advancing their careers. Almost all of the Company s employees in leadership positions began their Publix careers in entry level positions. Continuous on-the-job training plays an important role in helping employees develop the skills necessary to advance their careers. The Company also offers tuition reimbursement designed to encourage and assist eligible associates in continuing their education. Additionally, the Company invests in the development of its employees through training and leadership development programs to support their career advancement. 
 
 1 

Community involvement 
 An important part of the Company s culture is a commitment to community involvement. The Company focuses on helping alleviate hunger in the communities it serves. To reduce food waste and provide nourishing meals for those in need, the Company began a perishable recovery program in 2009. The Company s employees support this program s efforts by gathering perishable foods that are wholesome, but no longer salable, and donating them to food banks and other nonprofit organizations. Since the program s launch, the Company has donated almost 900 million meals to food banks and other nonprofit organizations. 
 Additionally, the coronavirus pandemic and adverse economic conditions created an increased need for efforts focused on alleviating hunger. In 2020, the Company launched an initiative to purchase produce and milk from local farmers and deliver the products to food banks for those in need. In 2021, the Company extended this commitment by implementing its Feeding More Together program. Through this program, customer donations during register campaigns enable food banks to purchase the nonperishable products they need most. The Company matches the customer donations by purchasing an equivalent dollar value of produce from farmers and donating it to the food banks. As a result, the Company has donated more than 60 million pounds of produce as a part of its initiative to support farmers and food banks. The Company and its employees are also involved in many other community activities and programs in the areas it serves. 
 Intellectual property 
 The Company s trademarks, trade names, copyrights and similar intellectual property are important to the success of the Company s business. Numerous trademarks, including Publix and Where Shopping is a Pleasure, have been registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Due to the importance of its intellectual property to its business, the Company actively defends and enforces its rights to such property. 
 Government regulation 
 The Company is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations that govern activities that may have adverse environmental effects and impose liabilities for the costs of contamination cleanup and damages arising from sites of past spills, disposals or other releases of hazardous materials. The Company may be held responsible for the remediation of environmental conditions regardless of whether the Company leases, subleases or owns the supermarkets or other facilities and regardless of whether such environmental conditions were created by the Company or a prior owner or tenant. In addition to environmental laws and regulations, the Company is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to, among other things, product labeling and safety, zoning, land use, workplace safety, public health, accessibility and restrictions on the sale of various products, including alcoholic beverages, tobacco and drugs. The Company is also subject to laws and regulations governing its relationship with employees, including minimum wage requirements, overtime, working conditions, disabled access and work permit requirements. Compliance with these laws and regulations had no material effect on capital expenditures, results of operations or the competitive position of the Company. 
 Company information 
 The Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Proxy Statements, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports may be obtained electronically, free of charge, through the Company s website at corporate.publix.com/stock. 
 2 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (Annual Report), the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating the Company s business. The Company s financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks. 
 Industry and Economic Risks 
 Unfavorable impacts of the coronavirus pandemic or any future public health crisis on operations, customers, employees, suppliers and tenants could adversely affect the Company. 
 Since the start of the coronavirus pandemic in March 2020, national, state and local authorities have taken, mandated and recommended various preventative measures to mitigate the impact of the pandemic. While many of these preventative measures have been eliminated, the impact of the coronavirus pandemic or any future public health crisis and the preventative measures to mitigate those impacts remains uncertain and difficult to predict. 
 The Company s operations may be adversely impacted by the fear of exposure to or actual effects of the coronavirus or other public health crisis. These potential impacts include: 
 operating cost increases due to changes in customer demand, changes in supermarket processes or increased government regulation; 
 delays in the timing of remodels and opening new supermarkets; 
 reduced workforce due to illness, quarantine or government mandates impacting the Company s supermarket, distribution, manufacturing and support operations; 
 temporary supermarket closings or reduced hours of operation due to reduced workforce, enhanced cleaning processes, increased stocking or government mandates; 
 supply chain risks from goods produced in areas of significant outbreak or disruption from suppliers due to financial or operational difficulties; 
 reduction in travel, tourism or consumer spending due to government recommendations or mandates, fear of exposure or adverse economic conditions; 
 changes in customer demand from discretionary or higher priced products to lower priced products; or 
 uncertainty as to future operations of tenants in Company owned shopping centers due to adverse economic conditions. 
 The extent to which the coronavirus pandemic or other public health crisis will impact the Company is difficult to predict and could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Increased competition could adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company is engaged in the highly competitive retail food industry. The Company s competitors include traditional supermarkets, such as national and regional supermarket chains and independent supermarkets, as well as nontraditional competitors, such as supercenters, membership warehouse clubs, mass merchandisers, dollar stores, drug stores, specialty food stores, restaurants, convenience stores and online retailers. There has been a trend for traditional supermarkets to lose market share to nontraditional competitors. The Company s ability to attract and retain customers is based primarily on quality of goods and service, price, convenience, product mix and store location. The Company believes it will face increased competition in the future from existing and potentially new competitors. The impact of pricing, purchasing, advertising or promotional decisions made by its competitors as well as competitor format innovation, location additions and changes in service offerings could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Adverse economic and other conditions that impact consumer spending could adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company s results of operations are sensitive to changes in general economic conditions that impact consumer spending. Adverse economic conditions, including inflation, high unemployment, home foreclosures and weakness in the housing market, declines in the stock market and the instability of the credit markets, could cause a reduction in consumer spending. Other conditions that could reduce consumer spending include increases in tax, interest and inflation rates, increases in fuel and energy costs, increases in health care costs, the impact of natural disasters, public health crises, international conflicts or acts of terrorism, and other factors. Reductions in the level of consumer spending could cause changes in customer demand from discretionary or higher priced products to lower priced products or shift spending to lower priced competitors, which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 3 

Business and Operational Risks 
 Increased operating costs could adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company s operations tend to be more labor intensive than some of its competitors primarily due to the additional customer service offered in its supermarkets. Consequently, uncertain labor markets, mandated increases in the minimum wage or other benefits, increased wage rates by retailers and other labor market competitors, an increased proportion of full-time employees, increased costs of health care due to health insurance reform or other factors could result in increased labor costs and disproportionately impact the Company in comparison to some of its competitors. The inability to improve or manage operating costs, including labor, distribution, facilities or other non-product related costs, could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to execute the Company s core strategies could adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company s core strategies focus on customer service, product quality, shopping environment, competitive pricing and customer convenience. The Company has implemented several strategic business and technology initiatives as part of the execution of these core strategies. The Company believes these core strategies and related strategic initiatives differentiate it from its competition and present opportunities for sustained market share and financial growth. Failure to execute these core strategies, or failure to execute the core strategies in a cost effective manner, could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to identify and obtain or retain suitable supermarket sites could adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company s ability to obtain sites for new supermarkets is dependent on identifying and entering into lease or purchase agreements on commercially reasonable terms for properties that are suitable for its needs. If the Company fails to identify suitable sites and enter into lease or purchase agreements on a timely basis for any reason, including competition from other companies seeking similar sites, the Company s growth could be adversely affected because it may be unable to open new supermarkets as anticipated. Failure to obtain new sites or retain existing sites for leased supermarkets on commercially reasonable terms could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Information Security and Technology Risks 
 Failure to maintain the privacy and security of confidential customer and business information and the resulting unfavorable publicity could adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company receives, retains and transmits confidential information about its customers, employees and suppliers and entrusts certain of that information to third party service providers. The Company depends upon the secure transmission of confidential information, including customer payments, over external networks. Additionally, the use of individually identifiable data by the Company and its third party service providers is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations. Although the Company has continuously invested in its information technology systems and implemented policies and procedures to protect its confidential information, there is no assurance that the Company will successfully defend against an intrusion into or compromise of the Company s information technology systems or those of its third party service providers. An intrusion into or compromise of the Company s information technology systems, or those of its third party service providers, that results in customer, employee or supplier information being obtained by unauthorized persons could adversely affect the Company s reputation with existing and potential customers, employees and others. Such an intrusion or compromise could require expending significant resources related to remediation, lead to legal proceedings and regulatory actions, result in a disruption of operations and adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Disruptions in information technology systems could adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company is dependent on complex information technology systems to operate its business, enhance customer service, improve the efficiency of its supply chain and increase employee efficiency. Certain of these information technology systems are hosted by third party service providers. The Company s information technology systems, as well as those of the Company s third party service providers, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunication failures, computer viruses, malicious service disruptions, catastrophic events and user errors. Significant disruptions in the information technology systems of the Company or its third party service providers could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 4 

Self-insured Claims and Product Liability Risks 
 Changes in the factors affecting self-insured claims could adversely affect the Company. 
 Claims related to health care, employee benefits, workers compensation, general liability, property, plant and equipment, fleet liability and directors and officers liability are generally self-insured. The Company uses third party insurance in certain instances to partially mitigate the risk related to these potential losses. While the Company estimates its exposure for these claims and establishes reserves for the estimated liabilities, the actual liabilities could be in excess of these reserves. In addition, the frequency or severity of claims, litigation trends, benefit level changes, or catastrophic events involving property, plant and equipment losses could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Product liability claims, product recalls and the resulting unfavorable publicity could adversely affect the Company. 
 The distribution and sale of grocery, drug and other products purchased from suppliers or manufactured by the Company entails an inherent risk of product liability claims, product recalls and the resulting adverse publicity. Such products may contain contaminants and may be inadvertently sold by the Company. These contaminants may, in certain cases, result in illness, injury or death if processing at the consumer level, if applicable, does not eliminate the contaminants. Sale of contaminated products, even if inadvertent, may be a violation of law and may lead to a product recall and/or an increased risk of exposure to product liability claims asserted against the Company. If a product liability claim is successful and the Company does not have contractual indemnification available, the claim could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. In addition, even if a product liability claim is not successful or is not fully pursued, the adverse publicity surrounding any assertion that the Company s products caused illness or injury could have an adverse effect on the Company s reputation with existing and potential customers and on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Unfavorable changes in, failure to comply with or increased costs of complying with environmental laws and regulations could adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern activities that may have adverse environmental effects and impose liabilities for the costs of contamination cleanup and damages arising from sites of past spills, disposals or other releases of hazardous materials. Under current environmental laws and regulations, the Company may be held responsible for the remediation of environmental conditions regardless of whether the Company leases, subleases or owns the supermarkets or other facilities and regardless of whether such environmental conditions were created by the Company or a prior owner or tenant. Environmental conditions relating to prior, existing or future sites may result in substantial remediation costs, business interruption or adverse publicity which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the increased focus on climate change, waste management and other environmental issues may result in new environmental laws or regulations that could result in increased compliance costs to the Company, directly or indirectly through its suppliers, which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Unfavorable changes in, failure to comply with or increased costs of complying with laws and regulations could adversely affect the Company. 
 In addition to environmental laws and regulations, the Company is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to, among other things, product labeling and safety, zoning, land use, workplace safety, public health, accessibility and restrictions on the sale of various products, including alcoholic beverages, tobacco and drugs. The Company is also subject to laws and regulations governing its relationship with employees, including minimum wage requirements, overtime, working conditions, disabled access and work permit requirements. Increased costs of complying with existing, new or changes in laws and regulations could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Unfavorable results of legal proceedings could adversely affect the Company. 
 The Company is subject from time to time to various lawsuits, claims and charges arising in the normal course of business, including employment, personal injury, commercial and other matters. Some lawsuits also contain class action allegations. The Company estimates its exposure to these legal proceedings and establishes reserves for the estimated liabilities. Assessing and predicting the outcome of these matters involves substantial uncertainties. Differences in actual outcomes, or changes in the Company s assessment and predictions of the outcomes, could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 5 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 At year end, the Company operated 62.3 million square feet of supermarket space. The Company s supermarkets vary in size. Current supermarket prototypes range from 28,000 to 55,000 square feet. Supermarkets are often located in shopping centers where the Company is the anchor tenant. The majority of the Company s supermarkets are leased. Initial lease terms are typically 20 years followed by five year renewal options. Both the building and land are owned at 393 locations. The building is owned while the land is leased at 79 other locations. 
 The Company supplies its supermarkets from 10 primary distribution centers in Lakeland, Miami, Jacksonville, Sarasota, Orlando, Deerfield Beach and Boynton Beach, Florida, Lawrenceville, Georgia, McCalla, Alabama and Greensboro, North Carolina. The Company operates six manufacturing facilities, including three dairy plants in Lakeland and Deerfield Beach, Florida and Lawrenceville, Georgia, two bakery plants in Lakeland, Florida and Atlanta, Georgia and a deli plant in Lakeland, Florida. The Company also operates two prepared foods facilities in Lakeland and Deerfield Beach, Florida. 
 The Company s corporate offices, primary distribution centers and manufacturing facilities are owned with no outstanding debt. The Company s properties are well maintained, in good operating condition and suitable for operating its business. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is subject from time to time to various lawsuits, claims and charges arising in the normal course of business. The Company believes its recorded reserves are adequate in light of the probable and estimable liabilities. The estimated amount of reasonably possible losses for lawsuits, claims and charges, individually and in the aggregate, is considered to be immaterial. In the opinion of management, the ultimate resolution of these legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 (a) Market Information 
 The Company s common stock is not traded on an established securities market. Substantially all transactions of the Company s common stock have been among the Company, its employees, former employees, their families and the retirement plans established for the Company s employees. Common stock is made available for sale by the Company only to its current employees and members of its Board of Directors through the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) and Non-Employee Directors Stock Purchase Plan (Directors Plan) and to participants of the 401(k) Plan. In addition, common stock is provided to employees through the Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). The Company currently repurchases common stock subject to certain terms and conditions. The ESPP, Directors Plan, 401(k) Plan and ESOP each contain provisions prohibiting any transfer for value without the owner first offering the common stock to the Company. The Company serves as the registrar and stock transfer agent for its common stock. 
 Because there is no trading of the Company s common stock on an established securities market, the market price of the Company s common stock is determined by its Board of Directors. As part of the process to determine the market price, an independent valuation is obtained. The process includes comparing the Company s financial results to those of comparable companies that are publicly traded (comparable publicly traded companies). The purpose of the process is to determine a value for the Company s common stock that is comparable to the stock value of comparable publicly traded companies by considering both the results of the stock market and the relative financial results of comparable publicly traded companies. 
 6 

The market prices for the Company s common stock for 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 2022 (1) 
 2021 (1) 
 January - February 13.28 11.59 March - April 13.76 12.04 May - July 14.91 12.26 August - October 13.84 12.62 November - December 13.19 13.28 
 (b) Approximate Number of Equity Security Holders 
 As of February 7, 2023, the approximate number of holders of record of the Company s common stock was 226,000. 
 (c) Dividends 
 The Company paid quarterly dividends per share on its common stock in 2022 and 2021 as follows: 
 Quarter 2022 (1) 
 2021 (1) 
 First 0.074 0.064 Second 0.090 0.074 Third 0.090 0.074 Fourth 0.090 0.074 0.344 0.286 
 Payment of dividends is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and depends on, among other factors, net earnings, capital requirements and the financial condition of the Company. However, the Company intends to continue to pay comparable dividends to stockholders in the future. 
 (d) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Shares of common stock repurchased by the Company during the three months ended December 31, 2022 were as follows (amounts are in millions, except per share amounts): 
 Period Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased 
 Average 
 Price Paid 
 per Share 
 Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased as 
 Part of Publicly 
 Announced 
 Plans or 
 Programs (2) 
 Approximate 
 Dollar Value 
 of Shares 
 That May Yet Be 
 Purchased Under 
 the Plans or 
 Programs (2) 
 September 25 - October 29, 2022 11 13.84 N/A N/A October 30 - November 26, 2022 22 13.19 N/A N/A November 27 - December 31, 2022 3 13.19 N/A N/A 
 Total 
 36 13.38 N/A N/A 
 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Retroactively adjusted to give effect to the 5-for-1 stock split in April 2022. For a more detailed description, refer to Note 1(m) Stock Split in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) Common stock is made available for sale by the Company only to its current employees and members of its Board of Directors through the ESPP and Directors Plan and to participants of the 401(k) Plan. In addition, common stock is provided to employees through the ESOP. The Company currently repurchases common stock subject to certain terms and conditions. The ESPP, Directors Plan, 401(k) Plan and ESOP each contain provisions prohibiting any transfer for value without the owner first offering the common stock to the Company. 
 The Company s common stock is not traded on an established securities market. The amount of common stock offered to the Company for repurchase is not within the control of the Company, but is at the discretion of the stockholders. The Company does not believe that these repurchases of its common stock are within the scope of a publicly announced plan or program (although the terms of the plans discussed above have been communicated to the participants). Thus, the Company does not believe that it has made any repurchases during the three months ended December 31, 2022 required to be disclosed in the last two columns of the table. 
 7 

(e) Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph sets forth the Company s cumulative total stockholder return during the five years ended December 31, 2022, compared to the cumulative total return on the S P 500 Index and a custom Peer Group Index including retail food supermarket companies. (1) The Peer Group Index is weighted based on the various companies market capitalization. The comparison assumes 100 was invested at the end of 2017 in the Company s common stock and in each of the related indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends. 
 The Company s common stock is valued as of the end of each fiscal quarter. After the end of a quarter, however, shares continue to be traded at the prior valuation until the new valuation is received. The cumulative total return for the companies represented in the S P 500 Index and the custom Peer Group Index is based on those companies trading price as of the Company s fiscal year end. The following performance graph is based on the Company s trading price at fiscal year end based on its market price as of the prior fiscal quarter. For comparative purposes, a performance graph based on the Company s fiscal year end valuation (market price as of March 1, 2023) is provided in the 2023 Proxy Statement. Past stock performance shown below is no guarantee of future performance. 
 Comparison of Five Year Cumulative Return Based Upon Fiscal Year End Trading Price 
 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 
 Publix 100.00 118.73 134.37 169.32 198.47 202.04 
 S P 500 100.00 94.80 126.06 146.72 189.92 156.88 
 Peer Group (1) 
 100.00 111.02 118.70 130.20 185.31 182.80 

___________________________ 
 (1) Companies included in the Peer Group are Ahold Delhaize, Albertsons, Kroger and Weis Markets. Albertsons is included in the Peer Group for 2021 and 2022 due to its initial public offering in 2020. 
 8 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The objective of this section is to provide a summary of material information relevant to enhancing the stockholders understanding of the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Following is an analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for 2022 and 2021 as compared with the previous years. This information should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. 
 On April 1, 2022, the Company filed Articles of Amendment to its Restated Articles of Incorporation in order to effect a 5 for 1 stock split of the Company s common stock, effective as of the close of business April 14, 2022. All applicable data, including share and per share amounts, have been retroactively adjusted to give effect to the stock split. 
 Overview 
 The Company is engaged in the retail food industry, operating supermarkets in Florida, Georgia, Alabama, South Carolina, Tennessee, North Carolina and Virginia. The Company plans to expand its retail operations into Kentucky in 2023. The Company has no other significant lines of business or industry segments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company operated 1,322 supermarkets including 842 in Florida, 200 in Georgia, 86 in Alabama, 69 in South Carolina, 55 in Tennessee, 51 in North Carolina and 19 in Virginia. In 2022, 40 supermarkets were opened (including eight replacement supermarkets) and 117 supermarkets were remodeled. During 2022, the Company opened 22 supermarkets in Florida, seven in Georgia, four in Alabama, four in South Carolina and three in Tennessee. Eleven supermarkets were closed during the period. The replacement supermarkets that opened in 2022 replaced one supermarket closed in 2022 and seven supermarkets closed in a previous period. Ten supermarkets closed in 2022 will be replaced on site in a subsequent period. In the normal course of operations, the Company replaces supermarkets and closes supermarkets that are not meeting performance expectations. The impact of future supermarket closings is not expected to be material. 
 The Company sells a variety of merchandise to generate revenues. This merchandise includes grocery (including dairy, produce, floral, deli, bakery, meat and seafood), health and beauty care, general merchandise, pharmacy and other products and services. Merchandise includes nationally advertised and private label brands as well as unbranded products such as produce, meat and seafood. The Company s private label brands play an important role in its merchandising strategy. 
 Profit is generated by selling merchandise at price levels that produce sales in excess of the cost of merchandise sold and operating and administrative expenses. The Company has generally been able to increase revenues and operating profit from year to year. Further, the Company has been able to meet its cash requirements from internally generated funds without the need for debt financing. The Company s year end cash balances are impacted by its operating results as well as by capital expenditures, investment transactions, common stock repurchases and dividend payments. 
 Operating Environment 
 The Company is engaged in the highly competitive retail food industry. The Company s competitors include traditional supermarkets, such as national and regional supermarket chains and independent supermarkets, as well as nontraditional competitors, such as supercenters, membership warehouse clubs, mass merchandisers, dollar stores, drug stores, specialty food stores, restaurants, convenience stores and online retailers. There has been a trend for traditional supermarkets to lose market share to nontraditional competitors. The Company s ability to attract and retain customers is based primarily on quality of goods and service, price, convenience, product mix and store location. In addition, the Company competes with other companies for new retail sites. To meet the challenges of this highly competitive environment, the Company continues to focus on its core strategies, including customer service, product quality, shopping environment, competitive pricing and customer convenience. The Company has implemented several strategic business and technology initiatives as part of the execution of these core strategies. The Company believes these core strategies and related strategic initiatives differentiate it from its competition and present opportunities for sustained market share and financial growth. 
 Coronavirus Pandemic 
 Since the start of the coronavirus pandemic in March 2020, national, state and local authorities have taken, mandated and recommended various preventative measures to mitigate the impact of the pandemic. While many of these preventative measures have been eliminated, the impact of the coronavirus pandemic or any future public health crisis and the preventative measures to mitigate those impacts remains uncertain and difficult to predict. It remains a top priority of the Company to continue to serve its customers in a way that protects the health and safety of its employees and customers. 

9 

Results of Operations 
 The Company s fiscal year ends on the last Saturday in December. Fiscal year 2022 includes 53 weeks and fiscal years 2021 and 2020 include 52 weeks. 
 Sales 
 Sales for 2022 were 54.5 billion as compared with 48.0 billion in 2021, an increase of 6.5 billion or 13.6 . The increase in sales for 2022 as compared with 2021 was primarily due to new supermarket sales, a 9.9 increase in comparable store sales (supermarkets open for the same weeks in both periods, including replacement supermarkets) and a 2.1 increase in sales from the additional week in 2022. Comparable store sales for 2022 increased primarily due to the impact of inflation on product costs. Sales for supermarkets that are replaced on site are classified as new supermarket sales since the replacement period for the supermarket is generally 9 to 12 months. 
 Sales for 2021 were 48.0 billion as compared with 44.9 billion in 2020, an increase of 3.1 billion or 7.0 . The increase in sales for 2021 as compared with 2020 was primarily due to new supermarket sales and a 5.4 increase in comparable store sales. Comparable store sales for 2021 increased primarily due to the impact of inflation on product costs. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit (sales less cost of merchandise sold) as a percentage of sales was 26.8 , 27.4 and 27.9 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Excluding the last-in, first-out (LIFO) reserve effect of 147 million, 109 million and 20 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, gross profit as a percentage of sales would have been 27.0 , 27.7 and 27.9 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. After excluding the LIFO reserve effect, the decrease in gross profit as a percentage of sales for 2022 as compared with 2021 was primarily due to the impact of inflation on product costs which was not passed on to customers and increased shrink. After excluding the LIFO reserve effect, the decrease in gross profit as a percentage of sales for 2021 as compared with 2020 was primarily due to increased shrink and distribution costs. 
 Operating and administrative expenses 
 Operating and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales were 18.8 , 19.6 and 19.7 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in operating and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales for 2022 as compared with 2021 was primarily due to decreases in payroll costs as a percentage of sales and facility costs as a percentage of sales. In addition, operating and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales benefited from the impact of the incremental sales from the additional week in 2022. Operating and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales for 2021 as compared with 2020 remained relatively unchanged. 
 Operating profit 
 Operating profit as a percentage of sales was 8.7 in 2022 and 2021 and 8.9 in 2020. Operating profit as a percentage of sales for 2022 as compared with 2021 remained relatively unchanged primarily due to the decrease in operating and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales and the incremental profit from the additional week in 2022, offset by the decrease in gross profit as a percentage of sales. The decrease in operating profit as a percentage of sales for 2021 as compared with 2020 was primarily due to the decrease in gross profit as a percentage of sales, partially offset by the decrease in operating and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales. 
 Investment income (loss) 
 Investment loss for 2022 was 1.3 billion as compared with investment income for 2021 and 2020 of 1.3 billion and 975 million, respectively. Excluding the impact of net unrealized losses on equity securities in 2022 and net unrealized gains on equity securities in 2021 and 2020, investment income would have been 254 million, 230 million and 596 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Excluding the impact of net unrealized losses on equity securities in 2022 and net unrealized gains on equity securities in 2021, the increase in investment income for 2022 as compared with 2021 was primarily due to an increase in interest and dividend income, partially offset by a net realized loss on investments in 2022 as compared with a net realized gain on investments in 2021. Excluding the impact of net unrealized gains on equity securities, the decrease in investment income for 2021 as compared with 2020 was primarily due to the decrease in net realized gains on investments. 
 Income tax expense 
 The effective income tax rate was 18.6 , 20.6 and 21.1 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in the effective income tax rate for 2022 as compared with 2021 was primarily due to the increased impact of permanent deductions and credits relative to earnings before income tax expense, partially offset by an increase in state income tax rates and a decrease in investment related tax credits. The decrease in the effective income tax rate for 2021 as compared with 2020 was primarily due to a reduction in state income tax rates and an increase in investment related tax credits. 
 
 10 

Net earnings 
 Net earnings were 2.9 billion or 0.86 per share, 4.4 billion or 1.28 per share and 4.0 billion or 1.13 per share in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net earnings as a percentage of sales were 5.4 , 9.2 and 8.9 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Excluding the impact of net unrealized losses on equity securities in 2022 and net unrealized gains on equity securities in 2021 and 2020, net earnings would have been 4.0 billion or 1.20 per share and 7.4 as a percentage of sales for 2022, 3.6 billion or 1.04 per share and 7.5 as a percentage of sales for 2021 and 3.7 billion or 1.05 per share and 8.2 as a percentage of sales for 2020. Excluding the impact of net unrealized losses on equity securities in 2022 and net unrealized gains on equity securities in 2021, net earnings as a percentage of sales for 2022 as compared with 2021 remained relatively unchanged. Excluding the impact of net unrealized gains on equity securities, the decrease in net earnings as a percentage of sales for 2021 as compared with 2020 was primarily due to the decrease in operating profit as a percentage of sales and net realized gains on investments. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to reporting financial results for 2022, 2021 and 2020 in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), the Company presents net earnings and earnings per share excluding the impact of equity securities being measured at fair value with net unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair value recognized in earnings (fair value adjustment). These measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, GAAP. The Company excludes the impact of the fair value adjustment since it is primarily due to temporary equity market fluctuations that do not reflect the Company s operations. The Company believes this information is useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of operations. Following is a reconciliation of net earnings to net earnings excluding the impact of the fair value adjustment for 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 2022 2021 2020 (Amounts are in millions, except per share amounts) Net earnings 2,918 4,412 3,972 Fair value adjustment, due to net unrealized loss (gain), on equity securities held at end of year 1,516 (1,109) (555) Net gain on sale of equity securities previously recognized through fair value adjustment 9 176 Income tax (benefit) expense (1) 
 (385) 280 96 Net earnings excluding impact of fair value adjustment 4,049 3,592 3,689 Weighted average shares outstanding 3,379 3,447 3,503 Earnings per share excluding impact of fair value adjustment 1.20 1.04 1.05 
 (1) Income tax (benefit) expense is based on the Company s combined federal and state statutory income tax rates. 

11 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments totaled 12.9 billion as of December 31, 2022, as compared with 14.8 billion as of December 25, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in the fair value of investments. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 5.5 billion in 2022 and 5.4 billion in 2021 and 2020. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2022 as compared with 2021 was primarily due to the deferral in 2022 of income tax payments due to Hurricane Ian, partially offset by the payment in 2022 of payroll taxes that were deferred under a coronavirus tax relief provision in 2020. Net cash provided by operating activities for 2021 as compared with 2020 remained relatively unchanged primarily due to the deferral in 2020 of payroll tax payments under a coronavirus tax relief provision and the timing of payments for merchandise, offset by the increase in sales. 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 2.3 billion, 3.0 billion and 3.4 billion in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The primary use of net cash in investing activities for 2022 was funding capital expenditures and net increases in investments. Capital expenditures for 2022 totaled 1.8 billion. These expenditures were incurred in connection with the opening of 40 supermarkets (including eight replacement supermarkets) and the remodeling of 117 supermarkets. Expenditures were also incurred for new supermarkets and remodels in progress, construction or expansion of warehouses and new or enhanced information technology hardware and software. In 2022, the payment for investments, net of the proceeds from the sale and maturity of investments, was 549 million. The primary use of net cash in investing activities for 2021 was funding capital expenditures and net increases in investments. Capital expenditures for 2021 totaled 1.3 billion. These expenditures were incurred in connection with the opening of 45 supermarkets (including 10 replacement supermarkets) and the remodeling of 134 supermarkets. Expenditures were also incurred for new supermarkets and remodels in progress, construction or expansion of warehouses and new or enhanced information technology hardware and software. In 2021, the payment for investments, net of the proceeds from the sale and maturity of investments, was 1.8 billion. 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 3.0 billion, 1.9 billion and 2.1 billion in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The primary use of net cash in financing activities was funding net common stock repurchases and dividend payments. Net common stock repurchases totaled 1.8 billion, 874 million and 1.2 billion in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company currently repurchases common stock at the stockholders request in accordance with the terms of the ESPP, Directors Plan, 401(k) Plan and ESOP. The amount of common stock offered to the Company for repurchase is not within the control of the Company, but is at the discretion of the stockholders. The Company expects to continue to repurchase its common stock, as offered by its stockholders from time to time, at its then current value. However, with the exception of certain shares distributed from the ESOP, such purchases are not required and the Company retains the right to discontinue them at any time. 
 Dividends 
 The Company paid quarterly dividends on its common stock totaling 1.2 billion or 0.344 per share, 987 million or 0.286 per share and 884 million or 0.252 per share in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Capital expenditures projection 
 Capital expenditures for 2023 are expected to be approximately 2.3 billion, primarily related to new supermarkets, remodeling existing supermarkets, construction or expansion of warehouses, new or enhanced information technology hardware and software and the acquisition or development of shopping centers in which the Company operates. The shopping center acquisitions are financed with internally generated funds and assumed debt, if prepayment penalties for the debt are determined to be significant. This capital program is subject to continuing change and review. 
 Contractual obligations 
 The Company s contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business primarily include operating and finance leases, lease related commitments, purchase obligations, self-insurance reserves and long-term debt. Lease related commitments include real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance related to operating and finance leases and commitments for lease agreements that have not yet commenced. Lease related commitments are typically due over the applicable lease term. Purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on the Company and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations are typically due in one year or less. 
 12 

Cash requirements 
 In 2023, cash requirements for operations, capital expenditures, common stock repurchases and dividend payments are expected to be financed by internally generated funds or liquid assets. Based on the Company s financial position, it is expected that short-term and long-term borrowings would be available to support the Company s liquidity requirements, if needed. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company believes the following involves significant estimates and judgments in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. 
 Self-insurance reserves 
 Self-insurance reserves are established for health care, workers compensation, general liability and fleet liability claims. These reserves are determined based on actual claims experience and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported including, where necessary, actuarial studies. The Company believes that the use of actuarial studies to determine self-insurance reserves represents a consistent method of measuring these subjective estimates. Actuarial projections of losses for general liability and workers compensation claims are discounted and subject to variability. The causes of variability include, but are not limited to, such factors as future interest and inflation rates, future economic conditions, claims experience, litigation trends and benefit level changes. Historically, there have not been significant changes in the factors and assumptions used in the valuation of the self-insurance reserves. However, significant changes in such factors and assumptions could materially impact the valuation of the self-insurance reserves. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain information provided by the Company in this Annual Report may be forward-looking information as defined in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act). Forward-looking information includes statements about the future performance of the Company and is based on management s assumptions and beliefs in light of the information currently available to them. When used, the words plan, estimate, project, intend, expect, believe, will and other similar expressions, as they relate to the Company, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those statements including, but not limited to, competitive practices and pricing in the food and drug industries generally and particularly in the Company s principal markets; results of programs to increase sales, including private label sales; results of programs to control or reduce costs; changes in buying, pricing and promotional practices; changes in shrink management; supply chain disruptions; changes in the general economy, including an economic downturn associated with inflation, the coronavirus pandemic, international conflicts, acts of terrorism or other disruptions; changes in consumer spending; changes in population, employment and job growth in the Company s principal markets; impacts of a public health crisis, geopolitical conditions or other significant catastrophic events; impacts of an intrusion into, compromise of or disruption in the Company s information technology systems; and other factors affecting the Company s business within or beyond the Company s control. These factors include changes in the rate of inflation; changes in federal, state and local laws and regulations; adverse determinations with respect to litigation or other claims; ability to recruit and retain employees; ability to construct new supermarkets or complete remodels as rapidly as planned; increases in product costs; and increases in operating costs including, but not limited to, labor, fuel and energy costs, debit and credit card fees and pharmacy fees. Other factors and assumptions not identified above could also cause the actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Except as may be required by applicable law, the Company assumes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements. 
 13 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The Company does not utilize financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes, nor does it utilize leveraged financial instruments. 
 Cash equivalents and short-term investments are subject to interest rate risk and credit risk. Most of the cash equivalents and short-term investments are held in money market investments and debt securities that mature in less than one year. Due to the quality of the short-term investments held, the Company does not expect the valuation of these investments to be significantly impacted by future market conditions. 
 Debt securities are subject to interest rate risk and credit risk. Debt securities held by the Company at year end primarily consisted of corporate, government-sponsored agency, state and municipal bonds with high credit ratings; therefore, the Company believes the credit risk is low. The Company believes a 50 basis point increase in interest rates would result in an immaterial unrealized loss on its debt securities. Since the Company does not intend to sell its debt securities or will likely not be required to sell its debt securities prior to any anticipated recovery, such a hypothetical temporary unrealized loss would impact comprehensive earnings, but not earnings or cash flows. 
 Equity securities are subject to equity price risk that results from fluctuations in quoted market prices as of the balance sheet date. Market price fluctuations may result from perceived changes in the underlying economic characteristics of the issuer, the relative price of alternative investments and general market conditions. Due to equity securities being measured at fair value with net unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair value recognized in earnings, fluctuations in quoted market prices for equity securities will impact earnings. A decrease of 10 in the value of the Company s equity securities would result in an unrealized loss of approximately 250 million recognized in earnings, but would not impact cash flows. 
 
 14 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 16 
 (PCAOB ID: 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31 , 202 2 and December 2 5 , 20 21 
 18 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings Years ended December 31 , 202 2 , December 2 5 , 202 1 
 and December 2 6 , 20 2 0 
 20 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings Years ended December 31 , 202 2 , 
 December 2 5 , 202 1 and December 2 6 , 20 20 
 21 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31 , 202 2 , December 2 5 , 202 1 
 and December 2 6 , 20 20 
 
 22 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Years ended December 31 , 202 2 , 
 December 2 5 , 202 1 and December 2 6 , 20 20 
 24 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 25 

15 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Publix Super Markets, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Publix Super Markets, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive earnings, cash flows and stockholders equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 16 

Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Evaluation of self-insurance reserves 
 As discussed in Note 1(k) to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates its self-insurance reserves for workers compensation and general liability exposures by considering historical claims experience and actuarial analyses using actuarial assumptions and generally accepted actuarial methods. The self-insurance reserves balance as of December 31, 2022 of 478 million includes the self-insurance reserves related to workers compensation and general liability. The Company engages actuaries to estimate its workers compensation and general liability self-insurance reserves at least annually. 
 We identified the evaluation of the Company s workers compensation and general liability self-insurance reserves as a critical audit matter because of the specialized skills necessary to evaluate the Company s loss development factor assumptions and the selection of the actuarial projections derived from various actuarial methods. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design of certain internal controls related to the workers compensation and general liability self-insurance reserves. This included controls related to the loss development factor assumptions used to estimate the actuarial projections and the selection of the actuarial projections derived from various actuarial methods. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in: 
 Assessing the actuarial methods used by the Company for consistency with generally accepted actuarial standards; 
 Evaluating the Company s ability to estimate self-insurance reserves by comparing its historical estimates with actual incurred losses; and 
 Evaluating the loss development factor assumptions and the actuarial projections by developing an independent expectation of the workers compensation and general liability self-insurance reserves and comparing them to the amounts recorded by the Company. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1961. 
 
 March 1, 2023 

17 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 
 December 25, 2021 
 
 2022 2021 ASSETS (Amounts are in millions) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Trade receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses Total current assets Long-term investments Other noncurrent assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Property, plant and equipment: Land Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Leasehold improvements Finance lease right-of-use assets Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net property, plant and equipment 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 18 

2022 2021 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY (Amounts are in millions, except par value) Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses: Contributions to retirement plans Self-insurance reserves Salaries and wages Other Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of operating lease liabilities Income taxes Total current liabilities Deferred income taxes Self-insurance reserves Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Common stock related to Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) Stockholders equity: Common stock of par value. Authorized shares; issued 
 and outstanding shares in 2022 and shares in 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive losses ) ) Common stock related to ESOP ) ) Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Commitments and contingencies 

19 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 
 and December 26, 2020 
 
 2022 2021 2020 (Amounts are in millions, except per share amounts) Revenues: Sales Other operating income Total revenues Costs and expenses: Cost of merchandise sold Operating and administrative expenses Total costs and expenses Operating profit Investment (loss) income ) Other nonoperating income, net Earnings before income tax expense Income tax expense Net earnings Weighted average shares outstanding Earnings per share 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 20 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 
 and December 26, 2020 
 
 2022 2021 2020 (Amounts are in millions) Net earnings Other comprehensive earnings: Unrealized (loss) gain on debt securities net of income taxes of ), ) and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized loss (gain) on debt securities net of income taxes of , ) and ) in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 ) ) Adjustment to postretirement benefit obligation net of income taxes of , and ) in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 ) Comprehensive earnings 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 21 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 
 and December 26, 2020 
 
 2022 2021 2020 (Amounts are in millions) Cash flows from operating activities: Cash received from customers Cash paid to employees and suppliers ) ) ) Income taxes paid ) ) ) Self-insured claims paid ) ) ) Dividends and interest received Other operating cash receipts Other operating cash payments ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Payment for capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Payment for investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale and maturity of investments Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payment for acquisition of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of common stock Dividends paid ) ) ) Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Other, net ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 22 

2022 2021 2020 (Amounts are in millions) Reconciliation of net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash 
 provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Increase in last-in, first-out (LIFO) reserve Retirement contributions paid or payable in 
 common stock 
 Deferred income taxes 
 ) Loss on disposal and impairment of long-lived 
 assets 
 Loss (gain) on investments ) ) Net amortization of investments 
 Change in operating assets and liabilities providing (requiring) cash: 
 Trade receivables 
 ) ) Inventories 
 ) ) ) Other assets 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Income taxes ) Other liabilities 
 Total adjustments 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 

23 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 
 and December 26, 2020 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Common 
 Stock 
 (Acquired 
 from) Sold to 
 Stock- 
 holders 
 Accumu- 
 lated Other 
 Compre- 
 hensive 
 Earnings 
 (Losses) 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Related to 
 ESOP 
 Total 
 Stock- 
 holders 
 Equity 
 (Amounts are in millions, except per share amounts) Balances at December 28, 2019 ) Comprehensive earnings Dividends, per share 
 ) ) Contribution of shares to retirement plans 
 Acquisition of shares from stockholders 
 ) ) Sale of shares to stockholders 
 Retirement of shares 
 ) ) Change for ESOP related shares ) ) Balances at December 26, 2020 ) Comprehensive earnings ) Dividends, per share 
 ) ) Contribution of shares to retirement plan 
 Acquisition of shares from stockholders 
 ) ) Sale of shares to stockholders 
 Retirement of shares 
 ) ) Change for ESOP related shares ) ) Balances at December 25, 2021 ) ) Comprehensive earnings ) Dividends, per share 
 ) ) Contribution of shares to retirement plan 
 Acquisition of shares from stockholders 
 ) ) Sale of shares to stockholders 
 Retirement of shares 
 ) ) Change for ESOP related shares ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 24 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(b) 
 
 (c) 
 
 (d) 
 
 (e) 
 
 (f) 
 and of inventories as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. Under this method, inventory is stated at cost, which is determined by applying a cost-to-retail ratio to each similar merchandise category s ending retail value. The cost of the remaining inventories was determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. The FIFO cost of inventory approximates replacement or current cost. The FIFO method is used to value certain manufactured, seasonal, perishable and other miscellaneous inventory items due to fluctuating costs and inconsistent product availability. The Company also reduces inventory for estimated losses related to shrink. If all inventories were valued using the FIFO method, inventories and current assets would have been higher than reported by million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. 
 (g) 
 
 25 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(h) 
 years followed by five year renewal options and may include rent escalation clauses. The Company recognizes right-of-use assets and lease liabilities based on the present value of future lease payments. Future lease payments include the initial lease term and any renewal options to the extent it is reasonably certain the option will be exercised. The present value of future lease payments is determined by using the Company s incremental borrowing rate at the time of lease commencement. The incremental borrowing rate is estimated based on a composite index of debt for similarly rated companies with comparable terms. 
 Operating lease expense primarily represents fixed lease payments for operating leases recognized on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term. Variable lease expense represents the payment of real estate taxes, insurance, maintenance and, for certain locations, additional rentals based on a percentage of sales in excess of stipulated minimums (excess rent). The payment of variable real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance is generally based on the Company s pro-rata share of total shopping center square footage. The Company estimates excess rent, where applicable, based on annual sales projections and uses the straight-line method to amortize the cost. The annual sales projections are reviewed periodically and adjusted if necessary. 
 (i) 
 years); furniture, fixtures and equipment years); leasehold improvements years); and finance lease right-of-use assets years). 
 Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Expenditures for renewals and betterments are capitalized. The gain or loss realized on disposed assets or assets to be disposed of is recorded in earnings. 
 (j) 
 
 (k) 
 
 (l) 
 or greater as of October 1, 2001. At retirement, such employees also must be at least age with at least years of full-time service to be eligible to receive the postretirement life insurance benefit. 
 
 26 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the year end postretirement benefit obligation. The Company included the accrued postretirement benefit obligation of million and million in other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. 
 (m) 
 -for-1 stock split of the Company s common stock, par value per share (Common Stock), and an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock from billion to billion, effective as of the close of business April 14, 2022. The Articles of Amendment were approved by the Company s Board of Directors on April 1, 2022. All applicable data, including share and per share amounts, in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been retroactively adjusted to give effect to the stock split. 
 (n) 
 
 (o) 
 of sales for 2022, of sales for 2021 and of sales for 2020. All other products and services were of sales for 2022, of sales for 2021 and of sales for 2020. 
 Revenue is recognized at the point of sale for retail sales. Customer returns are immaterial. Vendor coupons that are reimbursed are accounted for as sales. Coupons and other sales incentives offered by the Company that are not reimbursed are recorded as a reduction of sales. The Company records sales net of applicable sales taxes. 
 (p) 
 
 (q) 
 (r) 
 million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (s) 

27 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(u) 
 
 (v) 

December 25, 2021 
 
 28 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Tax exempt bonds Restricted investments 2021 Taxable bonds Tax exempt bonds Restricted investments 
 The Company maintains restricted investments primarily for the benefit of the Company s insurance carrier related to self-insurance reserves. These investments are held as collateral and not used for claim payments. 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years 

29 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

debt securities with credit losses as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. 
 Restricted investments 2021 Taxable bonds Restricted investments 
 There are debt securities contributing to the total unrealized losses of million as of December 31, 2022. Unrealized losses related to debt securities are primarily due to increases in interest rates that occurred since the debt securities were purchased. The Company continues to receive scheduled principal and interest payments on these debt securities. 
 (b) Equity Securities 
 The fair value of equity securities was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. 
 (c) Investment Income (Loss) 
 Net realized gain or loss on investments represents the difference between the cost and the proceeds from the sale of debt and equity securities. The net realized gain or loss on investments excludes the net gain or loss on the sale of equity securities previously recognized through the fair value adjustment, which is presented separately in the following table. 
 Net realized (loss) gain on investments ) Fair value adjustment, due to net unrealized (loss) gain, on equity securities held at end of year ) Net gain on sale of equity securities previously recognized through fair value adjustment ) ) ) 
 
 30 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(4) Leases 
 (a) 
 Finance lease expense: Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 Interest on lease liabilities 
 Variable lease expense Sublease rental income ) ) ) 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 (Amounts are in millions) Operating cash flows from rent paid for operating lease liabilities 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: 
 Operating leases 
 Finance leases 

31 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

years years Finance leases years years Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 Maturities of lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Less: Imputed interest ) ) 
 million. These leases will commence in future periods with terms ranging up to years. 
 
 32 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Variable lease income 
 In 2020, the Company offered two months of rent relief to tenants in Company owned shopping centers that were impacted by the coronavirus pandemic. The rent relief was recorded as a reduction of lease income and variable lease income. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 33 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million, respectively. As of December 25, 2021, the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities of the consolidated JVs were million and million, respectively. The assets are owned by and the liabilities are obligations of the JVs, not the Company, except for a portion of the long-term debt of certain JVs guaranteed by the Company. The JVs are financed with capital contributions from the members, loans and/or the cash flows generated by the JV owned shopping centers once in operation. Total earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were immaterial. The Company s involvement with these JVs does not have a significant effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 The Company s long-term debt results primarily from the consolidation of loans of certain JVs and loans assumed in connection with the acquisition of certain shopping centers with the Company as the anchor tenant. loans were assumed during 2022 or 2021. Maturities of JV loans range from through and have variable interest rates based on a London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) index plus to basis points. Maturities of assumed shopping center loans range from through and have fixed interest rates ranging from to . 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 34 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Noncurrent 2021 Self-insurance reserves: Current Noncurrent 2020 Self-insurance reserves: Current Noncurrent 
 
 35 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Since the Company s common stock is not traded on an established securities market, the ESOP includes a put option for shares of the Company s common stock distributed from the ESOP. Shares are distributed from the ESOP primarily to separated vested participants and certain eligible participants who elect to diversify their account balances. Under the Company s administration of the ESOP s put option, if the owners of distributed shares desire to sell their shares, the Company is required to purchase the shares at fair value for a specified time period after distribution of the shares from the ESOP. The fair value of distributed shares subject to the put option totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. The cost of the shares held by the ESOP totaled billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. Due to the Company s obligation under the put option, the distributed shares subject to the put option and the shares held by the ESOP are classified as temporary equity in the mezzanine section of the consolidated balance sheets and totaled billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. The fair value of the shares held by the ESOP totaled billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company has a 401(k) Plan for the benefit of eligible employees. The 401(k) Plan is a voluntary defined contribution plan. Eligible employees may contribute up to of their eligible annual compensation, subject to the maximum contribution limits established by federal law. The Company may make a discretionary annual matching contribution to eligible participants of this plan as determined by the Board of Directors. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Board of Directors approved a match of of eligible annual contributions up to of eligible annual compensation, not to exceed a maximum match of per employee. Compensation expense recorded for the Company s match to the 401(k) Plan was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company intends to continue its retirement plans; however, the right to modify, amend, terminate or merge these plans has been reserved. In the event of termination, all amounts contributed under the plans must be paid to the participants or their beneficiaries. 
 
 36 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Other comprehensive (losses) earnings ) ) 
 ) State ) ) 2021 Federal State 2020 Federal State ) 
 to earnings before income taxes compared to the Company s actual income tax expense is as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 (Amounts are in millions) Federal tax at statutory income tax rate State income taxes (net of federal tax benefit) ESOP dividend ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) 

37 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Lease assets 
 Inventories 
 Lease liabilities 
 ) ) Self-insurance reserves 
 ) ) Investments 
 ) Retirement plan contributions 
 ) ) Postretirement benefit cost 
 ) ) Vendor rebates ) ) Payroll tax deferral ) Other 
 ) ) 
 The Company expects the results of future operations and the reversal of deferred tax liabilities to generate sufficient taxable income to allow utilization of deferred tax assets; therefore, valuation allowance has been recorded as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. 
 The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The periods subject to examination for the Company s federal income tax returns are the 2018 through 2021 tax years. The periods subject to examination for the Company s state income tax returns are the 2016 through 2021 tax years. The Company believes that the outcome of any examinations will not have a material effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 The Company had no unrecognized tax benefits in 2022 and 2021. As a result, there will be effect on the Company s effective income tax rate in future periods due to the recognition of unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 38 

PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

) Unrealized gain on debt securities Net realized gain on debt securities reclassified to investment income ) ) Adjustment to postretirement benefit obligation ) ) Net other comprehensive earnings (losses) ) Balances at December 26, 2020 ) Unrealized loss on debt securities ) ) Net realized gain on debt securities reclassified to investment income ) ) Adjustment to postretirement benefit obligation Net other comprehensive (losses) earnings ) ) Balances at December 25, 2021 ) ) Unrealized loss on debt securities ) ) Net realized loss on debt securities reclassified to investment income Adjustment to postretirement benefit obligation Net other comprehensive (losses) earnings ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 

, the Company declared a quarterly dividend on its common stock of per share or million, payable to stockholders of record as of the close of business . 
 
 39 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer each concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information has been accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, in a manner that allows timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on this assessment and these criteria, management believes that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Certain information concerning the executive officers of the Company is set forth on the following page. All other information regarding this item is incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement of the Company (2023 Proxy Statement), which the Company intends to file no later than 120 days after its fiscal year end. 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethical Conduct for Financial Managers that applies to the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller and all persons performing similar functions. A copy of the Code of Ethical Conduct for Financial Managers was filed as Exhibit 14 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2002. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information regarding this item is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information regarding this item is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 Information regarding this item is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Information regarding this item is incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 40 

Name Age Business Experience During Last Five Years Served as 
 Officer of 
 Company 
 Since 
 Executive Officers of the Company David E. Bornmann 65 Senior Vice President of the Company. 
 1998 Laurie Z. Douglas 59 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of the Company to January 2019, Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer and Chief Digital Officer thereafter. 
 2006 John L. Goff, Jr. 49 Regional Director of Retail Operations of the Company to January 2019, Vice President to January 2022, Senior Vice President thereafter. 
 2019 Randall T. Jones, Sr. 60 Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company to January 2019, Chief Executive Officer thereafter. 
 2003 Merriann M. Metz 47 Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of the Company to June 2019, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary to January 2022, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary thereafter. 
 2016 Kevin S. Murphy 52 Senior Vice President of the Company to January 2019, President thereafter. 
 2014 David P. Phillips 63 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company and Trustee of the Committee of Trustees of the ESOP. 1990 Michael R. Smith 63 Senior Vice President of the Company. 
 2005 Officers of the Company Monica A. Allman 49 Director of Stock Programs of the Company to March 2023, Vice President thereafter. 2023 Norman J. Badger 44 Regional Director of Retail Operations of the Company to May 2020, Vice President thereafter. 2020 Randolph L. Barber 60 Vice President of the Company. 
 2018 Robert J. Bechtel 59 Vice President of the Company. 2016 Adrian Bennett 53 Regional Director of Retail Operations of the Company to July 2021, Vice President thereafter. 
 2021 Marcy P. Benton 54 Vice President of the Company. 
 2017 Matthew I. Crawley 54 Regional Director of Retail Operations of the Company to January 2022, Vice President thereafter. 
 2022 Kyle C. Davis 60 Director of Warehousing of the Company to January 2022, Vice President thereafter. 2022 Christopher P. Haake 54 Business Development Director of the Company to January 2022, Vice President thereafter. 2022 Linda S. Hall 63 Vice President of the Company. 2002 Douglas A. Harris, Jr. 50 General Manager of Manufacturing Operations of the Company to March 2018, Director of Manufacturing Operations to May 2019, Vice President thereafter. 
 2019 Kris Jonczyk 53 Regional Director of Retail Operations of the Company to January 2020, Vice President thereafter. 2020 Erik J. Katenkamp 51 Vice President of the Company. 2013 L. Renee Kelly 61 Vice President of the Company. 2013 Michael E. Lester 57 Director of Warehousing of the Company to January 2019, Vice President thereafter. 
 2019 Robert J. McGarrity 61 Vice President of the Company. 
 2017 Christopher J. Mesa 53 Director of Tax of the Company to February 2018, Director of Tax and Treasury to January 2022, Vice President thereafter. 2022 Bridgid A. O'Connor 41 Director of Real Estate Strategy of the Company to April 2022, Vice President thereafter. 2022 Brad E. Oliver 49 Vice President of the Company. 2018 John F. Provenzano 49 Vice President of the Company. 2017 
 
 41 

Name Age Business Experience During Last Five Years Served as 
 Officer of 
 Company 
 Since 
 Officers of the Company (Continued) William W. Rayburn, IV 60 Vice President of the Company. 2017 Malinda G. Renfroe 43 Manager of Marketing Brand Management of the Company to April 2019, Director of Marketing Operations to March 2022, Vice President thereafter. 
 2022 Charles B. Roskovich, Jr. 61 Vice President of the Company. 2008 Dain Rusk 49 Group Vice President of Pharmacy Operations of Albertsons Companies to June 2018, Vice President of the Company thereafter. 2018 Marc H. Salm 62 Vice President of the Company. 2008 Marsha C. Singh 48 District Manager of Retail Operations of the Company to May 2018, Regional Director of Retail Operations to January 2023, Vice President thereafter. 2023 D. Douglas Stalbaum 43 Director of Finance of Rooms To Go to March 2019, Director of Business Analysis and Reporting of the Company to January 2022, Vice President thereafter. 2022 Steven B. Wellslager 56 Vice President of the Company. 2013 
 
 The terms of all officers expire in May 2023 or upon the election of their successors. 
 
 42 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 
 The consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this Annual Report. All financial statement schedules are omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 3.1 Composite Restated Articles of Incorporation are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 25, 2022 . 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2012. 
 4.1 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2019. 
 10 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its directors and officers is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001. 
 10.2 Incentive Bonus Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. 
 10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and one of the Trustees of the Company s 401(k) Plan and each member of the Company s 401(k) Plan investment committee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 14, 2011. 
 10.6 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2012. 
 10.7 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and the Trustees of the Committee of Trustees of the Company s ESOP is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 1, 2015. 
 14 Code of Ethical Conduct for Financial Managers is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2002. 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following financial information from this Annual Report is formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). Represents management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None 
 
 43 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 PUBLIX SUPER MARKETS, INC. March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Merriann M. Metz Merriann M. Metz Secretary 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ Jessica L. Blume Director March 1, 2023 Jessica L. Blume /s/ William E. Crenshaw Chairman of the Board and Director March 1, 2023 William E. Crenshaw /s/ Joseph DiBenedetto, Jr. Director March 1, 2023 Joseph DiBenedetto, Jr. /s/ Mark R. Irby Director March 1, 2023 Mark R. Irby /s/ Howard M. Jenkins Director March 1, 2023 Howard M. Jenkins /s/ Jennifer A. Jenkins Director March 1, 2023 Jennifer A. Jenkins /s/ Randall T. Jones, Sr. Chief Executive Officer and Director March 1, 2023 Randall T. Jones, Sr. (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Stephen M. Knopik Director March 1, 2023 Stephen M. Knopik /s/ David P. Phillips Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer 
 March 1, 2023 David P. Phillips and Director (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

44 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21-publixxfy22q4.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 Publix Alabama, LLC (filed in Alabama) 
 Publix Apron s Event Planning and Catering, LLC (filed in Florida) 
 Publix Asset Management Company (filed in Florida) 
 Publix Associate Services, LLC (filed in Florida) 
 Publix North Carolina, LP (filed in Florida) 
 Publix North Carolina Employee Services, LLC (filed in Florida) 
 Publix Tennessee, LLC (filed in Florida) 
 Central and Second Insurance Company (filed in Georgia) 
 Morning Song, LLC (filed in Florida) 
 PSM F1, Inc. (filed in Florida) 
 PTO, LLC (filed in Florida) 
 Real Sub, LLC (filed in Florida) 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 ex23-publixxfy22q4.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-232785, No. 033-55867, No. 333-62705, No. 333-63544, No. 333-147049 and No. 333-177948) on Form S-8 of our report dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Publix Super Markets, Inc. 
 s KPMG LLP 
 Tampa, Florida 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex311-publixxfy22q4.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Certification 
 I, Randall T. Jones, Sr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Publix Super Markets, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 1, 2023 

s Randall T. Jones, Sr. 
 Randall T. Jones, Sr. 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex312-publixxfy22q4.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Certification 
 I, David P. Phillips, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Publix Super Markets, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 1, 2023 

s David P. Phillips 
 David P. Phillips 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex321-publixxfy22q4.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Publix Super Markets, Inc. (the Company) for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 I, Randall T. Jones, Sr., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge, that on the date hereof 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Randall T. Jones, Sr. 
 Randall T. Jones, Sr. 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex322-publixxfy22q4.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Publix Super Markets, Inc. (the Company) for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 I, David P. Phillips, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge, that on the date hereof 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s David P. Phillips 
 David P. Phillips 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ck0000081061-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ck0000081061-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ck0000081061-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ck0000081061-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ck0000081061-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

