<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_355811_0000355811-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13328391</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>656479</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2210032</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4769299</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2786613</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2652917</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000355811-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222145917
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000355811-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GENTEX CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000355811
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		IRS NUMBER:				382030505
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10235
		FILM NUMBER:		23652701

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 N CENTENNIAL ST
		CITY:			ZEELAND
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49464
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6167721800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 N CENTENNIAL STREET
		CITY:			ZEELAND
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49464

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000355811-23-000011.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 gntx-20221231.htm
 10-K

gntx-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 for the fiscal year ended , 2022 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to _________ 
 Commission File No. : 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 (Title of Class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 : No: 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes: : 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 : No: 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 : No: 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes: No: 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes: No: 
 
 As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), 235,132,265 shares of the registrant s common stock, par value .06 per share, were outstanding. The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (i.e., excluding shares held by executive officers, directors, and control persons as defined in Rule 405 (17 CFR 203.405) on that date was computed at the closing price on that date. 
 
 As of February 1, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock, par value .06 per share, were outstanding, 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 FORM 10-K 
 Index 
 
 Part I Page Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 17 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 
 Part II Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 21 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 27 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 29 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 29 
 Part III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 30 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 32 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 37 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 37 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fee and Services 
 37 
 Part IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 38 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 38 
 Signatures 
 39 
 Exhibit Index 
 75 

. 
 
 Part I 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 (a) General Development of Business 
 
 Gentex Corporation (the "Company") was incorporated as a Michigan corporation in 1974. The Company designs, develops, manufactures, markets, and supplies digital vision, connected car, dimmable glass, and fire protection products, including: automatic-dimming rearview and non-dimming mirrors and electronics for the automotive industry; dimmable aircraft windows for the aviation industry; and commercial smoke alarms and signaling devices for the fire protection industry. The Company s largest business segment involves designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing interior and exterior automatic-dimming automotive rearview mirrors that utilize proprietary electrochromic technology to dim in proportion to the amount of headlight glare from trailing vehicle headlamps. Within this business segment, the Company also designs, develops and manufactures various electronics that are value added features to the interior and exterior automotive rearview mirrors as well as electronics for interior visors, overhead consoles, and other locations in the vehicle. The Company ships its products to all of the major automotive producing regions worldwide, which it supports with numerous sales, engineering and distribution locations worldwide. 
 
 At its inception, the Company manufactured smoke detectors, a product line that has since evolved to include a variety of fire protection products. In the early 1980's, the Company introduced an interior electromechanical automatic-dimming rearview mirror as an alternative to the manual day/night rearview mirrors for automotive applications. In the late 1980's, the Company introduced an interior electrochromic automatic-dimming rearview mirror for automotive applications. In the early 1990's, the Company introduced an exterior electrochromic automatic-dimming rearview mirror for automotive applications. In the late 1990's, the Company began making volume shipments of three new exterior mirror sub-assembly products: thin glass flat; convex; and aspheric. In 2005, the Company began making volume shipments of its bezel-free exterior automatic dimming mirror. In 2010 the Company began delivering electrochromic dimmable aircraft windows for the aviation industry. In 2013, the Company acquired HomeLink , a wireless vehicle/home communications product that enables drivers to remotely activate garage door openers, entry door locks, home lighting, security systems, entry gates and other radio frequency convenience products for automotive applications, wherein the Company had previously been a licensee of HomeLink and had been, since 2003, integrating HomeLink into its interior automatic-dimming rearview mirrors. 
 
 In 2015, the Company began making shipments of the Full Display Mirror ("FDM "), which is an on-demand, mirror-borne LCD display that streams live, panoramic video of the vehicle's rearward view in order to improve driver rear vision. Also in 2015, the Company introduced the integration of toll module technology into the vehicle in a first-to-market application referred to as Integrated Toll Module or "ITM ". The interior mirror is an optimal location for a vehicle-integrated toll transponder and it eliminates the need to affix multiple toll tags to the windshield. 
 
 In 2017, the Company announced an agreement entered into during the ordinary course of business with VOXX International Corporation to become the exclusive aftermarket distributor of the Gentex Aftermarket Full Display Mirror in North America. The Company has also displayed a new three-camera rear vision system that streams rear video in multiple composite views to a rearview-mirror-integrated display. Further, the Company has announced an embedded biometric solution for vehicles that leverages iris scanning technology to create a secure environment in the vehicle. There are many use cases for authentication, which range from vehicle security to start functionality to personalization of mirrors, music, seat location and temperature, to the ability to control transactions not only for the ITM system, but also the ride sharing car of the future. The Company believes iris recognition is among the most secure forms of biometric identification, with a false acceptance rate as low as one in 10 million, far superior to facial, voice, and other biometric systems. The Company's future plans include integrating biometric authentication with many of its other electronic features, including HomeLink and HomeLink Connect or the ITM . The biometric system allows for added security and convenience for multiple drivers by adding an additional factor of authentication for increased security, when a driver (or passenger) enters a vehicle. The Company announced in January 2018 that it entered into an exclusive licensing agreement, in the ordinary course of business, with Fingerprint Cards AB to deploy its ActiveIRIS iris-scanning biometric technology in automotive applications. 
 
 In January 2019, the Company announced that it would be offering, as optional content, its latest generation of variable dimmable windows on the Boeing 777X aircraft. During the third quarter of 2019, the first production shipments of variably dimmable windows were made to Boeing for the 777X program. In January 2020, the 

Company announced that Airbus will also be offering the Company's dimmable aircraft windows on its aircraft, with production having begun in 2021. 
 
 In January 2020, the Company unveiled an innovative lighting technology for medical applications that was co-developed with Mayo Clinic. This new lighting concept represents the collaboration of a global, high-technology electronics company with a world leader in health care. The Company's new intelligent lighting system combines ambient room lighting with camera-controlled, adaptive task lighting to optimize illumination for surgical and patient-care environments. The system was developed over an 18-month period of collaboration between Company engineers and Mayo Clinic surgeons, scientists, and operating room staff. The teams researched, designed, and rapidly iterated multiple prototypes in order to develop unique features that address major gaps in current surgical lighting solutions. In 2023, the Company will continue to work on the intelligent medical lighting system in order to assess system performance and work toward obtaining any necessary approvals. 
 
 In April 2020, the Company, in the ordinary course of business, acquired Vaporsens, Inc. ("Vaporsens"), which specializes in nanofiber chemical sensing research and development. This new nanofiber technology can detect a wide variety of chemicals, including explosives, drugs, volatile organic compounds ("VOCs"), toxic industrial chemicals, amines, and more. The core of Vaporsens chemical sensor technology is a net of nanofibers approximately one thousand times smaller in size than human hair. Their porous structure allows them to absorb targeted molecules from sampled gas and identify them via changes in their electrical resistance. The technology allows for the rapid detection of target chemicals with high sensitivity in the parts per billion and parts per trillion ranges. The Vaporsens technology has a wide variety of use cases in various markets and industries, with potential applications for automotive, aerospace, agriculture, chemical manufacturing, military and first responders, worker safety, food and beverage processing, and medical. 
 
 In November 2020, the Company announced a partnership, in the ordinary course of business, with PayByCar , to pursue compatibility between the Company's ITM and PayByCar's innovative payment solution that allows drivers to use their smart phones and toll transponder to fuel up at certain gas stations without using cash or a credit card. Compatibility between these two technologies can help to grow each company's respective consumer base while introducing new users to the benefits of the transactional vehicle. 
 
 In January 2021, the Company announced a partnership, in the ordinary course of business, with Simplenight to provide drivers and vehicle occupants with access to enhanced mobile capability for booking personalized entertainment and lifestyle experiences in addition to everyday purchases. Simplenight delivers a customizable and robust platform that enables brands to globally offer real-time book-ability across multiple categories such as dining, accommodations, attractions, events, gas, parking, shopping and more. The platform is unique in that it is designed to seamlessly integrate into automaker infotainment and navigation systems, as well as mobile applications and voice assistants. Simplenight can be integrated into the Company's current and future connected vehicle technologies, including HomeLink , the automotive industry s leading car-to-home automation system. HomeLink consists of vehicle-integrated buttons that can be programmed to operate a myriad of home automation devices. Integration of Simplenight into the Company's HomeLink Connect app is underway. The HomeLink Connect allows users to program their HomeLink buttons and control cloud-based devices from their vehicles. 
 
 In September 2021, the Company announced the acquisition of Guardian Optical Technologies ("Guardian"), an Israeli startup that pioneered a unique, multi-modal sensor technology designed to provide a comprehensive suite of driver- and cabin-monitoring solutions for the automotive industry. The core of Guardian s technology is an infrared-sensitive, high-resolution camera that combines machine vision, depth perception, and micro-vibration detection. This proprietary sensor configuration allows the system to not only monitor the driver, but also the entire vehicle cabin, including objects and other occupants, even assessing the occupant's behaviors, gestures, and activities. The system continuously scans, tracks and determines the physical location of every vehicle occupant and object, even without a direct line of sight, by combining two-dimensional video image recognition with 3D depth mapping and optical motion analysis. It is able to detect even slight movements, including heartbeats. 
 
 In January 2022, the Company announced a partnership, in the ordinary course of business, with eSight, a leading provider of vision enhancement technology, to develop and manufacture the next generation of mobile electronic eyewear designed to help people living with visual impairments. The Company plans to utilize its expertise in digital vision, software development and industrial design to help eSight develop the next generation of eyewear, with a focus on reducing device size, enhancing its form factor, and optimizing overall system performance. 
 
 2 

In 2022, the Company obtained an approximate 20 equity share in GreenMarbles in the ordinary course of business. GreenMarbles is a leading provider of sustainable solutions for integration into properties. The Company plans to utilize this relationship to promote the HomeLink Connect App with property developers and contractors. 
 
 Automotive revenues represent approximately 97 of the Company's total revenue in 2022, mostly consisting of interior and exterior electrochromic automatic-dimming rearview mirrors and automotive electronics. 

(b) [Reserved] 
 
 (c) Description of Business 
 
 The Company designs, develops, manufactures, markets, and supplies digital vision, connected car, dimmable glass, and fire protection products, including: automatic-dimming and non-automatic-dimming rearview mirrors and electronics for the automotive industry; dimmable aircraft windows for the aviation industry; and commercial smoke alarms and signaling devices for the fire protection industry. 
 
 Automotive Products 
 
 Automotive Rearview Mirrors and Electronics. Automotive applications are the largest business segment for the Company, mostly consisting of interior and exterior electrochromic automatic-dimming rearview mirrors and automotive electronics. The Company manufactures interior electrochromic automatic-dimming rearview mirrors that darken to reduce glare and improve visibility for the driver. These electronic interior mirrors can also include additional electronic features such as compass, microphones, HomeLink , interior driver and cabin monitoring systems, lighting assist and driver assist forward safety camera systems, various lighting systems, various telematics systems, ITM systems, and a wide variety of displays, including the Full Display Mirror product. The Company also ships interior non-automatic-dimming rearview mirrors with and without features. 
 
 The Company s interior electrochromic automatic-dimming rearview mirrors also power the application of the Company s exterior electrochromic automatic-dimming rearview mirrors that darken to reduce glare and improve visibility for the driver. These electronic exterior mirrors typically range in size and shape per automaker specification, but can also include additional features such as turn signal indicators, side blind zone indicators, and courtesy lighting. The Company also ships exterior non-automatic-dimming rearview mirrors with similar electronic features available in its automatic-dimming applications. 
 
 The Company manufactures other automotive electronics products through HomeLink applications in the vehicle including the rearview mirror, interior visor, overhead console, or center console. Certain of the Company's newer features can be located either in the rearview mirror or other locations in the vehicle. Additionally, as the Company expands its Full Display Mirror product and the ITM system, rearward facing video cameras and integrated toll transponders are being produced and sold. 
 
 The Company produces rearview mirrors and electronics globally for automotive passenger cars, light trucks, pickup trucks, sport utility vehicles, and vans for OEMs, automotive suppliers, and various aftermarket and accessory customers. Automotive rearview mirrors and electronics accounted for 97 of the Company s consolidated net sales in 2022. 
 
 The Company is the leading manufacturer of electrochromic automatic-dimming rearview mirrors in the world, and is the largest supplier to the automotive industry. Competitors for automotive rearview mirrors include Magna International, Tokai Rika Company, SMR Automotive, Aolian, Intertech, Kingband, BYD Auto Company, Sincode, Yanfeng Visteon, Xiamen Intertech, Guangdong Yuanfeng, Chongqing Yimei, Murakami, Ultronix, Aizhuo, Alpine Electronics, Inc., Licon, MirrorTech, Ambilight, and others in the Chinese automotive aftermarket. The Company also supplies electrochromic automatic-dimming rearview mirrors to certain of these rearview mirror competitors. 
 Automotive Rearview Mirrors and Electronics Product Development. The Company continually seeks to develop new products and is currently working to introduce additional advanced-feature automatic-dimming mirrors. Advanced-feature automatic-dimming mirrors currently being offered by the Company include one or more of the following features: SmartBeam , HomeLink , HomeLink Connect , frameless mirror designs, LED map lamps, compass displays, telematics, ITM systems, hands free communication, Rear Camera Display ("RCD") interior mirrors, FDM interior mirrors, digital video recording solutions, exterior turn signals, side blind zone indicators and 
 3 

various other exterior mirror features that improve safety and field of view. Advanced features currently in development include: biometric authentication systems, hybrid and fully digital camera monitoring systems ("CMS"), driver and cabin monitoring systems, cabin sensing systems, touch screen displays for mirrors, and digital enhancements to displays to improve driver safety, among other things. Other automotive products currently in development include large area dimmable devices, which include sunroof and moon roof applications, driver and passenger windows, interior sun-visors and other window surfaces in vehicles, among others. The Company is also in development of small-scale dimmable devices that darken to improve contrast and legibility for transparent displays, concealment of sensors, and to dynamically adjust camera exposure. 
 Automotive Rearview Mirrors and Electronics Markets and Marketing. In North America, Europe and Asia, the Company markets its products primarily through a direct sales force utilizing its sales and engineering offices located in Germany, UK, Sweden, France, Japan, South Korea and China, as well as its headquarters in Michigan. The Company generally supplies automatic-dimming mirrors and mirrors with advanced electronic features to its customers worldwide under annual blanket purchase orders with customers, as well as under long-term agreements with certain customers, entered into in the ordinary course of the Company's business. 
 
 The Company is currently supplying mirrors and electronic modules for Aston Martin, BMW Group, Daimler Group, Faraday Future, Ferrari, Ford Motor Co., Geely/Volvo, General Motors, Harley Davidson, Honda Motor Co., Hyundai/Kia, Lucid Motors, Mazda, Mahindra Mahindra, McLaren, Polaris, Renault/Nissan/Mitsubishi Group, Rivian Automotive, Stellantis, Subaru, Suzuki, Tata Motors, Tesla, TOGG Inc., Toyota Motor Company, Volkswagen Group, VOXX International, as well as shipments to domestic China manufacturers (BYD, Chery, Dongfeng, FAW, Great Wall Motors, Human Horizon, King Long, Lixiang Auto, NIO, SAIC, and Xpeng EV). 
 Revenues by major geographic area are disclosed in Note 7 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Traditionally, new products and technologies have been restricted to high-end vehicles and premium trim/option packages. As consumer demand has continued to pursue the adoption of advanced technology, more OEMs have shifted to offer a variety of trim packages and option packages for each of their vehicles, creating a range of available pricing and technologies across their lineups. In some instances, Company products such as the FDM appeal to consumers who are interested in new technology, while also resolving rearward vision limitations created by vehicle design changes that increase aerodynamics. The Company has contributed to this differentiation strategy, allowing OEMs to maximize profitability and optionality by providing profitable, mirror-based and in-vehicle technologies that consumers demand. As more consumers have become familiar with interior and exterior dimming mirrors, HomeLink , FDM , ITM , and other Company technologies, consumers have continued to select these technologies in their subsequent vehicles, driving further market and nameplate penetration as OEMs launch new vehicles and expand into new markets. Where OEMs had historically used Company technologies only to differentiate from one another, they have now begun to also use Company technologies to differentiate trim lines across their own nameplates. In new markets, emerging OEMs have recognized the need to include Company products in their vehicles to compete with global OEMs. 
 Automotive Rearview Mirrors and Electronics Competition. The Company continues to be the leading producer of automatic-dimming rearview mirrors in the world and currently is the largest supplier to the automotive industry with an approximate 89 market share worldwide in 2022. While the Company believes it will retain a significant position in automatic-dimming rearview mirrors for some time, another U.S. manufacturer, Magna Mirrors, a division of Magna International ("Magna"), continues to compete for sales to domestic and foreign vehicle manufacturers and is supplying a number of domestic and foreign vehicle models with its versions of auto-dimming mirrors and appears to have considerably more resources available to it. As such, Magna may present a formidable competitive threat. The Company also continues to sell automatic-dimming exterior mirror sub-assemblies to Magna Mirrors. In addition, a Japanese manufacturer (Tokai Rika) is currently supplying a few vehicle models in Japan with solid-state electrochromic mirrors. There are also a small number of Chinese domestic mirror suppliers that are marketing and selling automatic-dimming rearview mirrors, in low volume, within the domestic China automotive market. Moreover, other companies have demonstrated products that are competitive to the Company's Full Display Mirror system, and a small number of Chinese domestic mirror suppliers have begun marketing and selling these products, in low volume, within the domestic China market. Further, two Japan manufacturers (Murakami and Panasonic) have begun selling and marketing competitive Full Display Mirror type products in Japan. The Company acknowledges that dimming device (e.g., electrochromic) technology is the subject of research and development efforts by numerous third parties. 
 In November 2020, the Company announced a partnership, in the ordinary course of business, with PayByCar , to pursue compatibility between the Company's ITM and PayByCar's innovative payment solution that allows drivers 
 4 

to use their smartphones and toll transponder to fuel up at certain gas stations without using cash or a credit card and to pay at parking garages. Compatibility between these two technologies can help to grow each company's respective consumer base while introducing new users to the benefits of the transactional vehicle. 
 
 In January 2021, the Company announced a partnership, in the ordinary course of business, with Simplenight to provide drivers and vehicle occupants with access to enhanced mobile capability for booking personalized entertainment and lifestyle experiences in addition to everyday purchases. Simplenight delivers a customizable and robust platform that enables brands to globally offer real-time book-ability across multiple categories such as dining, accommodations, attractions, events, gas, parking, shopping and more. The platform is unique in that it is designed to seamlessly integrate into automaker infotainment and navigation systems, as well as mobile applications and voice assistants. The Company plans to integrate Simplenight into its current and future connected vehicle technologies, including HomeLink , the automotive industry s leading car-to-home automation system. HomeLink consists of vehicle-integrated buttons that can be programmed to operate a myriad of home automation devices. Integration of Simplenight into the Company's HomeLink Connect app is underway. The HomeLink Connect app allows users to program their HomeLink buttons and control cloud-based devices from their vehicles. 
 In 2022, the Company obtained an approximate 20 equity share in GreenMarbles in the ordinary course of business. GreenMarbles is a leading provider of sustainable solutions for integration into properties. The Company plans to utilize this relationship to promote the HomeLink Connect App with property developers and contractors. 
 The Company believes its electrochromic automatic-dimming mirrors and mirrors with advanced electronic features offer significant performance advantages over competing products and the Company makes significant research and development investments to continue to increase and improve the performance advantages of its products and to potentially add new products. 
 There are numerous other companies in the world conducting research on various technologies, including electrochromics, for controlling light transmission and reflection. The Company currently believes that the electrochromic materials and manufacturing process it uses for automotive mirrors remains the most efficient and cost-effective way to produce these products. The Company has also continued to invest in new technologies to improve manufacturing processes. In 2020, the Company, in the ordinary course of business, completed the acquisition of Argil, Inc., which specializes in electrochromic technology and research and development, which the Company anticipates using to complement and expand its product offerings and leverage for manufacturing efficiencies. While automatic-dimming mirrors using other technologies may eliminate glare, the Company currently believes that each of these other technologies have inherent cost or performance limitations as compared to the Company's technologies. 
 As the Company continues to expand its automatic-dimming mirror products with additional advanced electronic features and expands the capabilities of its CMOS imager technology for additional features (i.e. SmartBeam , FDM , rear video camera, digital video recorder, etc.), as well as continuing to expand the capabilities of the Company's hybrid and fully digital CMS technology, driver and cabin monitoring systems, the Company recognizes that it is competing with considerably larger and more geographically diverse electronics companies that present a formidable competitive threat in the future as new products/features and technologies are brought to market. 
 Dimmable Aircraft Windows 
 The Company continues to manufacture and sell variable dimmable windows for the passenger compartment on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner series of aircraft. In 2019, the Company announced that it would be offering, as optional content, its latest generation of variable dimmable windows on the Boeing 777X aircraft. Later in 2019, the first production shipments of variably dimmable windows were made to Boeing for the 777X program. As previously announced, Airbus is now offering, as optional content, the Company's dimmable aircraft windows on its aircraft, with production having begun in 2021. 
 Markets and Marketing. The Company markets its variable dimmable windows to aircraft manufacturers and airline operators globally. 
 Competition. The Company s variable dimmable aircraft windows are the first commercialized product of its kind for original equipment installation in the aircraft industry. Other manufacturers are working to develop and sell competing products utilizing other technology in the aircraft industry for aftermarket or original equipment installation. 
 The Company s success with electrochromic technology provides potential opportunities and use cases for other commercial applications, which the Company continues to explore. including, but not limited to passenger smart- 
 5 

lighting that automatically optimizes illumination for various in-flight activities like reading, dining, or computer work; biometric systems for personalizing the in-flight experience; and in-cabin particulate and chemical sensors for monitoring cabin air quality. 
 Fire Protection Products 
 
 The Company manufactures photoelectric smoke detectors and alarms, visual signaling alarms, photoelectric smoke alarms and electrochemical carbon monoxide alarms, electrochemical carbon monoxide alarms and detectors, audible and visual signaling appliances, and bells and speakers for use in fire detection systems in office buildings, hotels, and other commercial and residential establishments. 
 Markets and Marketing. The Company s fire protection products are sold directly to fire protection and security product distributors under the Company s brand name, to electrical wholesale houses, and to original equipment manufacturers of fire protection systems under both the Company s brand name and private labels. The Company markets its fire protection products primarily in North America, but also globally through regional sales managers and manufacturer representative organizations. 
 Competition. The fire protection products industry is highly competitive in terms of both the smoke detectors and signaling appliance markets. The Company estimates that it competes primarily with eight manufacturers of smoke detection products for commercial use and approximately four manufacturers within the residential market, three of which produce photoelectric smoke detectors. In the signaling appliance markets, the Company estimates it competes with approximately seven manufacturers. While the Company faces significant competition in the sale of smoke detectors and signaling appliances, it believes that the introduction of new products, improvements to its existing products, its diversified product line, and the availability of special features will permit the Company to maintain its competitive position. 
 Nanofiber Products and Development 
 
 The Company completed the acquisition of Vaporsens in 2020. Vaporsens specializes in nanofiber chemical sensing research and development. 
 
 Markets and Marketing. While no current commercialized product yet exists, this technology has the potential ability to sense explosives, toxic industrial chemicals, chemical warfare agents, drugs, consumer goods, and VOC's. This technology has a wide variety of use cases in various markets and industries, with potential applications for automotive, aerospace, agriculture, chemical manufacturing, military and first responders, worker safety, food and beverage processing, and medical applications. 
 Trademarks and Patents The Company owns 40 U.S. Registered Trademarks and 786 U.S. Patents, of which 31 Registered Trademarks and 711 patents relate to electrochromic technology, automotive rearview mirrors, microphones, displays, cameras, sensor technology, smart lighting technology, and/or HomeLink products. These patents expire at various times between 2023 and 2043. The Company believes that these patents provide the Company a competitive advantage in its markets, although no single patent is necessarily required for the success of the Company's products. 
 The Company also owns 360 foreign Registered Trademarks and 1,194 foreign patents, of which 344 Registered Trademarks and 1,128 patents relate to electrochromic technology, automotive rearview mirrors, microphones, displays, cameras, sensor technology, and/or HomeLink products. These patents expire at various times between 2023 and 2047. The Company believes that the competitive advantage derived in the relevant foreign markets for these patents is comparable to that applicable in the U.S. market. 
 The Company owns 50 U.S. Patents and 54 foreign patents that relate specifically to the Company s variable dimmable windows. The U.S. Patents expire at various times between 2026 and 2041, while the foreign patents expire at various times between 2026 and 2038. 
 The Company owns 9 U.S. Registered Trademarks, 19 U.S. Patents, 16 foreign Registered Trademarks, and 12 foreign patents that relate to the Company s fire protection products. The U.S. Patents expire at various times between 2023 and 2038, while the foreign patents expire at various times between 2023 and 2039. The Company believes that the competitive advantage provided by these patents is relatively small. 
 The Company also has in process 176 U.S. Patent applications, 296 foreign patent applications, and 15 Registered Trademark applications. The Company continuously seeks to improve its core technologies and apply those 
 6 

technologies to new and existing products. As those efforts produce patentable inventions, the Company expects to file appropriate patent applications. 
 In addition, the Company periodically obtains intellectual property rights, in the ordinary course of the Company's business, to strengthen its intellectual property portfolio and minimize potential risks of infringement. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of February 1, 2023, the Company had 5,466 full-time employees. None of the Company s employees are represented by a labor union or other collective bargaining representative. The Company believes that its relations with its employees are in good standing. See "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in Part III, Item 10 . 
 
 The Company fosters a collaborative culture founded on devotion to quality and innovation. An inclusive environment is nurtured so that team members can perform, support each other, and continue to grow and learn, including on-the-job training. 
 
 This culture is supported by a competitive compensation system that goes beyond base salary and includes for virtually all employees: quarterly profit-sharing bonuses; an extensive stock-based compensation program that extends to all eligible employees; an employee stock purchase plan; 401(k) plan (or other retirement plan for non-US employees) with Company matching; and tuition reimbursement. In keeping with the Company's core principle of ownership mentality, compensation is structured throughout the organization so that employees win when all of stakeholders win. The Company also provides a healthy and safe climate-controlled work environment that includes an on-site wellness center and on-site health clinic at its headquarters. A number of health-related programs are available to employees, including: asthma/COPD management services; diabetes management; "Smart Health," which gives employees and spouses a way to earn wellness credits; Gentex Cares+ Employee Assistance Program; and crop share, which offers employees fresh fruits and vegetables weekly. The Company has also announced the creation of the Gentex Discovery Preschool, an on-site daycare and preschool designed to provide employees with convenient, cost-effective access to quality day care. 
 
 The Company is extremely proud of its workplace injury prevention programs, which have achieved workplace injury rates well below industry averages. 
 
 Evidence of the Company's commitment to inclusion is its cultivation of a world-class diversity, equity inclusion ("DE I") ethos that allows team members to make a lasting impact in the communities in which the Company operates, all while attracting and retaining diverse talent that can help propel the business forward. While the Company has an environment of equal employment opportunity related to recruitment, hiring, promotion, discipline, and other terms of employment, the commitment to have a skilled and diverse world class workforce goes beyond that. 
 
 The Company's DE I initiatives are supported by its VP of Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and DE I Council, which helps implement specific diversity programs, supports internal training, and creates opportunities to spread awareness throughout the organization. The Company's DE I Council is led by Mr. Joe Matthews, VP of Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and includes employees from many different parts of the Company. The Company's DE I initiatives are further supported by the DE I Advisory Board, which is led by Mr. Matthews, and includes various executives, including the CEO, and members that are not employees of the Company. Mr. Matthews has been honored as a Salute to Diversity Winner by Corp! Magazine. 
 
 As a part of DE I initiatives, the Company maintains a growing list of business resource groups ("BRGs") comprised of individuals with similar interests or backgrounds that work internally to support one another, develop leadership skills, and enhance cultural awareness. Among current BRGs are Women at Gentex and Veterans at Gentex. In 2022, Gentex also established a separate DE I council in Salt Lake City to serve the Company employees that work at the research and development office located there. This separate council has supported several organizations in the local Salt Lake City area, including supporting students from diverse backgrounds and sponsoring events to support global causes. 
 
 DE I efforts at the Company extend to the supply base as well, where the Company been recognized for ongoing efforts to increase supplier relationships with certified minority, woman, veteran, and LGBTQ-owned enterprises. In fact, the Company mentors certain such suppliers to help them develop the business systems and technology improvements necessary to support future growth. The Company is a member of or otherwise involved in the Michigan Minority Supplier Development Council, Original Equipment Supplier's Association - Diversity Inclusion, Board of Governors, Consumer Technology Association - D I Group, Michigan Diversity Connection, West Michigan Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, and the Great Lakes Women's Business Council. 
 7 

Hiring rates, voluntary and involuntary turnover rates, internal rates of hiring and promotion, and safety records are considered as measures of the Company's success in human capital management. While hiring and diversity policies are in place as a means to remain on track in terms of appropriate human resources management, the DE I efforts have furthered the process of creating a welcoming environment so the Company can hire and retain the best people. The Company produces a Sustainability Report, referenced below, providing more information regarding diversity and corporate responsibility. In an effort to ensure an excellent and increasingly diverse employment base, the Company has added Spanish speaking manufacturing lines, which involves materials for recruiting, orientation, on-boarding, training, and work in the Spanish language. 
 
 The Company is the recipient of an EPIC Diversity Visionary Award presented by a local Chamber of Commerce. Moreover, the Company's DE I efforts related to actively developing and using minority, women, and veteran-owned suppliers have been acknowledged and recognized by multiple original equipment manufacturer ("OEM") customers. In fact, Toyota Motor Engineering Manufacturing North America, Inc. has specifically recognized the Company's efforts over the last 10 years to increase supplier relationships with minority business enterprises. The Company has also won supplier diversity awards from Honda, Nissan, and Toyota, and was the City of Holland, Michigan's Human Relations Commission 2020 Social Justice Award winner. 
 
 In 2022, the Company established the Gentex Foundation, which will provide financial grants to organizations across the country in support of economic development, children's services, public health, housing assistance and diversity initiatives among other causes. The Gentex Foundation is managed by a board of directors that will review grant applications with a particular focus on communities where Company employees live and work, consistent with the organization's values of integrity, compassion, innovation and diversity. Employees are encouraged to organize on-site fundraisers and to spend time volunteering at worthy charitable organizations in addition to giving financially. Support is also provided to a number of minority organizations in keeping with the Company's DE I efforts and to continue to build an even more diverse and skilled workforce. 
 
 The Company's Board of Directors has regular touchpoints with management regarding: employee engagement; workforce planning (including capabilities and skills development); safety; understanding workforce demographics and DE I strategies; and corporate culture. The Board and management know that the right talent is required to implement the Company's strategies. As such, the Board works with management appropriately regarding the approach to, and investment in, human capital that includes recruitment, talent development, retention, and diversity. The Board has access to all levels of employees in the Company in its efforts to properly oversee human resources and DE I issues. 
 
 The Company's commitment to DE I is very apparent by the inclusiveness of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee have taken concrete actions to increase Board diversity, including use of various resources and environments to identify qualified and diverse director candidates. Such candidates are contacted and interviewed in order to continue to build an even more diverse, qualified, and capable Board. In the Company's 2022 Proxy Statement, the Company disclosed Board of Directors diversity information as required by NASDAQ, and will continue to do so in the future. 
 
 The Board has also implemented a Complaint Submission and Handling Policy for concerns to be raised as needed. 
 
 Sustainability 
 
 Disclosure on Website. The Company has a Sustainability section of its website (https://www.gentex.com/about/sustainability) to provide insight into how the Company is committed to protecting the environment by complying with all environmental laws and related requirements, while at the same time striving for continual improvement in sustainability and environmental performance. The Company's Sustainability Report, published each year and available on the Company's website, provides significant details regarding the Company's approach to sustainability. 
 
 General. The Company makes intentional decisions that reflect the desire to be responsible with all resources and achieve the Company's goal of meaningful change. 
 
 Energy and Climate Change. The Company understands that energy use and manufacturing are large contributors of the Company's overall greenhouse gas emissions. As such, the Company remains committed to improving energy-efficiency. To that end, the Company has announced to the following carbon reduction and neutrality goals: 
 
 8 

By 2026, 15 below 2020 levels 
 By 2031, 40 below 2020 levels 
 By 2041, 70 below 2020 levels 
 By 2049, carbon neutrality 
 
 The Company implements efficient alternatives for capital equipment, uses automated building management systems to use less energy, and has put in place extremely efficient lighting and HVAC equipment. The Company also participates in the local Energy Smart Program, which promotes the implementation of progressive energy efficiency projects, including achieving the maximum goal possible for lighting and HVAC improvements, compressed air leak audits, and building control systems. The Company also converted one of its manufacturing facilities to be powered entirely by renewable energy in 2022. 
 
 Gentex Environmental Management System (GEMS). The Company's environmental management system is based on ISO 14001 (international environmental standard). This system governs environmental performance by addressing the impact of the Company's activities, products, and services on the environment. At each Company facility, environmental impact is measured and improved upon annually by eliminating waste and emissions, maximizing efficiency of processes and resources, and increased recycling and reuse. The foregoing has allowed the Company to establish long-term measures for minimizing the negative effects on the environment, while maximizing positive outputs for the communities in which the Company operates. Various metrics are tracked to gauge the environmental performance of the Company s facilities, including: electricity use; process water use; natural gas use; VOC air emissions; and greenhouse gas emissions (both those directly controlled and those from electricity usage). 
 
 Waste and Recycling. The Company also has robust waste and recycling strategies, tracking solid waste to landfill, solid waste recycled, and regulated waste. As a part of its strategies, the Company has committed to the following landfill avoidance goals: 
 
 By 2026, 20 below 2020 levels 
 By 2031, 60 below 2020 levels 
 By 2041, 90 below 2020 levels 
 By 2045, 100 zero landfill waste 
 
 Initiatives. With respect to sustainability initiatives, the Company has undertaken a number of actions related to energy, waste stewardship, water management, and environmental protection. Regarding energy, the Company: utilizes software-managed and occupancy-sensor controlled lighting in all facilities; has air economizers and energy recovery units in HVAC systems; utilizes energy efficient fluorescent lighting; has certain white material roofs to reflect sunlight; has insulated metal panel systems for exterior walls (for energy efficiency); captures excess heat from compressed air systems and uses it to preheat/temper water used in production; takes excess water from production processes to use in boiler/snow melt water; and installed a centralized water chiller plant to lower energy use. Regarding waste stewardship, the Company improved its cleaning method for certain products to reduce material usage preventing thousands of pounds of additional waste material and uses recycled materials in facility carpets. In terms of waste management, the Company: put in place a water recovery system that significantly reduced overall water usage; collects storm water to reduce discharge into municipal drain systems; implemented irrigation software to monitor weather conditions thereby reducing water consumption; and diligently works to monitor and reduce potential pollutants in its facilities. In terms of environmental protection, the Company has: integrated green roofs adopted a highway to clean waste from public lands; constructed wetland and wildlife habitat areas; and acquired property which includes natural wetlands. As regards transportation, the Company maintains: 22 electric vehicle charging stations; a bicycle fleet for travel between facilities; a bus shelter to encourage bus ridership; and Sweed banding choppers at certain facilities to reduce frequency of trips to recycling. 
 
 (d) [Reserved] 
 
 (e) Available Information 
 The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, will be made available, free of charge, through the Investor Information section of the Company s website http://ir.gentex.com as soon as practicable after such materials are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The SEC maintains a website http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issues that a company files electronically with the SEC. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 9 

Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The statements contained in this communication that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give the Company s current expectations or forecasts of future events. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, future, goal, guidance, hope, intend, may, opinion, optimistic, plan, poised, predict, project, should, strategy, target, will, "work to," and variations of such words and similar expressions. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are often difficult to predict and beyond the Company s control, and could cause the Company s results to differ materially from those described. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation: changes in general industry or regional market conditions, including the impact of inflation; changes in consumer and customer preferences for our products (such as cameras replacing mirrors and/or autonomous driving); our ability to be awarded new business; continued uncertainty in pricing negotiations with customers and suppliers; loss of business from increased competition; changes in strategic relationships; customer bankruptcies or divestiture of customer brands; fluctuation in vehicle production schedules (including the impact of customer employee strikes); changes in product mix; raw material and other supply shortages; labor shortages, supply chain constraints and disruptions; our dependence on information systems; higher raw material, fuel, energy and other costs; unfavorable fluctuations in currencies or interest rates in the regions in which we operate; costs or difficulties related to the integration and/or ability to maximize the value of any new or acquired technologies and businesses; changes in regulatory conditions; warranty and recall claims and other litigation and customer reactions thereto; possible adverse results of pending or future litigation or infringement claims; changes in tax laws; import and export duty and tariff rates in or with the countries with which we conduct business; negative impact of any governmental investigations and associated litigation including securities litigation relating to the conduct of our business; and the length and severity of the COVID-19 (coronavirus) pandemic, including its impact across our business on demand, operations, and the global supply chain. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. 
 
 The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or the rules of the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Accordingly, any forward-looking statement should be read in conjunction with the additional information about risks and uncertainties identified under the heading Risk Factors in the Company s latest Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filed with the SEC, which risks and uncertainties now include the impacts of COVID-19 (coronavirus) pandemic and supply chain constraints that have affected, are affecting, and will continue to affect, general economic and industry conditions, customers, suppliers, and the regulatory environment in which the Company operates. Includes content supplied by S P Global Mobility / IHS Markit Light Vehicle Production Forecast (http://www.gentex.com/forecast-disclaimer). 
 
 T he following risk factors, together with all other information provided in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. 
 Automotive Industry. Customers within the auto industry comprise approximately 97 of our net sales. The automotive industry has always been cyclical and highly impacted by levels of economic activity. The current economic environment, including inflation, continues to be uncertain, and continues to cause financial and production stresses evidenced by volatile automotive production levels, volatility with customer orders, supplier part and material shortages (especially electronics components), automotive and Tier 1 supplier plant shutdowns, customer and supplier financial issues, commodity raw material cost increases, supply constraints, tariffs, consumer vehicle preference shifts (where we have a lower penetration rate and lower content per vehicle), and supply chain stresses, all of which have been exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and the fallout therefrom. If automotive customers (including their Tier 1 suppliers) and suppliers experience significant plant shutdowns, work stoppages, strikes, part shortages, etc., it will further disrupt our shipments to these customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Automakers continue to experience volatility and uncertainty in executing planned new programs on time, due in part to continued vehicle complexity increases and supply chain constraints. This brings increased risk of delays or cancellations of new vehicle platforms, package configurations, and inaccurate volume forecasts. This makes it challenging for us to forecast future sales and manage costs, inventory, capital, engineering, research and development, and human resource investments, in addition to the aforementioned factors. 
 Key Customers. We have a number of large customers, including three automotive customers which each account for 10 or more of our annual net sales in 2022 (including direct sales to OEM customers and sales through their Tier 1 suppliers): Volkswagen Group, Toyota Motor Company, and General Motors. The loss of all or a substantial portion of the sales to, or decreases in production by, any of these customers (or certain other significant customers) could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. 
 10 

Pricing Pressures. We continue to experience ongoing pricing pressures from our automotive customers and competitors, which have affected, and which will continue to affect our profit margins to the extent that we are unable to offset the pricing pressures with price adjustments, engineering and purchasing cost reductions, productivity improvements, increases in unit shipments of mirrors and electronics with advanced features, and/or new or advanced technologies, each of which pose ongoing challenges, which could continue to adversely impact our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. 
 Raw Materials and Other Product Component Costs. Increasing costs in raw materials, energy, commodities, labor, and other product component costs adversely affects our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. These costs have generally increased as a result of supply chain disruptions, constrained labor availability, global economic factors, as well as inflationary impacts. When these prices rise and we are unable to recover such cost increases from our customers, those increases have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations; 
 Tariffs. The geopolitical environment between the Unites States and other jurisdictions, most significantly China, continues to cause uncertainty on tariffs and trade. Previously enacted tariffs have increased the Company's input costs, and have the potential to challenge the Company's competitive position in foreign markets. The continuance of these tariffs and/or escalation of disputes in the geopolitical environment could continue to interfere with automotive supply chains and may have a continued negative impact on the Company s business, financial condition, and/or results of operations, especially since the Company primarily manufactures and ships from one location. We cannot predict what further action may be taken with respect to tariffs or trade relations between the U.S. and other governments, and any further changes in U.S. or international trade policy could have a further adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Competition. We recognize that Magna Mirrors, our main competitor, may have considerably more resources available to it, and may present a formidable competitive threat. Additionally, other companies have demonstrated products that are competitive to our Full Display Mirror system and other products. We acknowledge that dimming device (e.g., electrochromic) technology is the subject of research and development efforts by numerous third parties. 
 For example, our SmartBeam product is a driver-assist feature for headlamp lighting control that competes with other multiple-function driver-assist features that include headlamp lighting control as one of the multiple functions. While we believe SmartBeam is a low cost solution for a safety feature that makes nighttime driving safer by maximizing a vehicle's high-beam usage, competition from multiple-function driver-assist products has already and could continue to impact the success of SmartBeam . 
 On March 31, 2014 the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers petitioned the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ("NHTSA") to allow automakers to use camera monitoring systems ("CMS") as an option to replace conventional rearview mirrors within North America, however, no final rule or legislation was made in response to this petition. At the annual SAE Government-Industry Meeting in January 2017, NHTSA requested that SAE develop Recommended Procedures for test protocols and performance criteria for CMS that would replace mirror systems on light vehicles in the U.S. market. SAE assigned the task to the Driver Vision Committee, and the SAE Driver Vision Committee created a CMS Task Force to draft the Recommended Procedures. NHTSA published a report dated October 2018 related to camera monitoring systems for outside mirror replacements. On October 10, 2019, an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRM) was published seeking public comment on permitting camera-based rear visibility systems, as an alternative to inside and outside rearview mirrors required under Federal motor vehicle safety standard (FMVSS) No. 111, Rear Visibility, which currently requires that vehicles be equipped with rearview mirrors to provide drivers with a view of objects that are to their side or to their side and rear. This ANPRM builds on NHTSA's prior efforts to obtain supporting technical information, data, and analysis on CMS so that the agency can determine whether these systems can provide the same level of safety as the rearview mirrors currently required under FMVSS No. 111. The ANPRM states that one reason NHTSA is seeking additional information is because research conducted by NHTSA and others between 2006 and 2017 has consistently shown that prototype and preproduction camera-based rear visibility systems can exhibit safety-relevant performance issues. In November 2022, NHTSA conducted a public meeting and discussed the on-going research of this technology. 
 In July 2016, a revision to UN-ECE Regulation 46 was published with an effective date of June 18, 2016, which allows for camera monitor systems to replace mirrors within Japan and European countries. Since January 2017, camera monitoring systems are also permitted as an alternative to replace mirrors in the Korean market. China has now released an updated version of its GB15084, which will be effective later in 2023, and allows for camera 
 11 

monitoring systems, frameless mirrors and aspheric (free-form) glass surfaces. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company continues to believe rearview mirrors provide a robust, simple and cost effective means to view the surrounding areas of a vehicle and remain the primary safety function for rear vision today. Cameras, when used as the primary rear vision delivery mechanism, have some inherent limitations such as: electrical failure; cameras being blocked or obstructed; depth perception challenges; and viewing angle of the camera. Nonetheless, the Company continues designing and manufacturing not only rearview mirrors, but CMOS imagers and video displays as well. The Company believes that combining video displays with mirrors provides a more robust product by addressing all driving conditions in a single solution that can be controlled by the driver. The Company has been in production with the Company's Full Display Mirror since 2015 and has, in the ordinary course of business, been awarded programs with fourteen (14) OEM customers. The Company is currently shipping production Full Display Mirrors to all fourteen of these customers. In 2022, the Company began shipping Full Display Mirror on 18 new nameplates and are currently shipping Full Display Mirror on 86 nameplates. The Company's CMS solution uses three cameras to provide a comprehensive view of the sides and rear of the vehicle while still providing the traditional safety of interior and exterior mirrors, that still function when cameras are obstructed, or not functioning. The Company has previously announced that the Company continues to develop in the areas of imager performance, camera dynamic range, lens design, image processing from the camera to the display, and camera lens cleaning. The Company acknowledges that as such technology evolves over time, such as cameras replacing mirrors and/or autonomous driving, there could be increased competition. 
 Supply Chain Disruptions. As a result of just-in-time supply chains within our business and the automotive industry, disruptions in our supply chain have occurred, are occurring, and are expected to continue to occur due to the industry-wide parts shortages, labor shortages, and other global supply chain constraints. We have and continue to take a number of steps to mitigate the current supply chain challenges, which include strategies involving the additional procurement of available raw materials to prepare for assembling finished goods more quickly when supply constraints ease for certain common components. These inventory strategies further introduce obsolescence risk that impacts our business, financial conditions, and/or results of operations. As our customers' forecasted demand changes, inventory becomes obsolete and write-offs or write-downs of our inventory are exacerbated. Disruptions can also occur due to natural disasters, other pandemics, work stoppages, strikes, bankruptcy, etc. Such circumstances have disrupted, are disrupting, and will continue to disrupt our shipments to automakers and Tier 1 customers, which adversely affects our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. 
 Workforce Disruptions. We have experienced, and may continue to experience in the future, disruptions to our workforce as a result of a tight labor market, employee illness, quarantines, absenteeism, and restrictions on certain of our employee's ability to work as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The impacts of continued disruptions to our workforce have affected, are affecting, and are expected to continue to affect our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. 
 Product Mix. We sell products that have varying profit margins. Our financial performance can be impacted depending on the mix of products we sell and to which customers, during a given period. The automotive industry is subject to rapid technological change, vigorous competition, short product life cycles and cyclical, ever-changing consumer demand patterns. When our customers are adversely affected by these factors, we may be similarly affected to the extent that our customers reduce the volume of orders for our products. As a result of such changes and circumstances impacting our customers, our sales mix can shift, which may have either favorable or unfavorable impact on revenue and would include shifts in regional growth, in OEM sales demand, as well as in consumer demand related to vehicle segment purchases, and content penetration. A decrease in consumer demand for specific types of vehicles where we have traditionally provided higher value content could have a significant effect on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Our forward guidance and estimates assume a certain geographic sales mix as well as a product sales mix. When actual results vary from this projected geographic and product mix of sales, our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations are impacted. 
 
 Business Combinations. We anticipate that acquisitions of businesses and assets may play a role in our future growth. We cannot be certain that we will be able to identify attractive acquisition targets, have resources available for or obtain financing for acquisitions on satisfactory terms, successfully acquire identified targets or manage timing of acquisitions with capital obligations across our businesses. Additionally, we may not be successful in integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations, achieving projected synergies, and/or maximizing the value of acquired technologies and businesses. Competition for acquisition opportunities in the various industries in which we operate already exists and may increase, thereby potentially increasing our costs of making acquisitions or causing us to refrain from making further acquisitions. We are also subject to applicable antitrust laws and must avoid anticompetitive behavior. These and other acquisition-related factors may negatively and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. 
 12 

Intellectual Property. We believe that our patents and trade secrets provide us with a competitive advantage in automotive rearview mirrors, variable dimmable devices, certain electronics, and fire protection products, although no single patent is necessarily required for the success of our products. The loss of any significant combination of patents and trade secrets regarding our products could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Lack of intellectual property protection in a number of countries, including China, represents a current and ongoing risk for the Company. 
 New Technology and Product Development. We continue to invest significantly in engineering, research and development projects. Should these efforts ultimately prove unsuccessful, our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Intellectual Property Litigation and Infringement Claims. A successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement and damages against us could affect business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. If a person or company claims that our products infringed their intellectual property rights, any resulting litigation could be costly, time consuming, and would divert the attention of management and key personnel from other business issues. The complexity of the technology involved in our business and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation significantly increases these risks and makes such risk part of our ongoing business. To that end, we periodically obtain intellectual property rights, in the ordinary course of business, to strengthen our intellectual property portfolio and minimize potential risks of infringement. The increasing tendency of patents granted to others on combinations of known technology is a potential threat to our Company. Any of these adverse consequences could potentially have an effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 Credit Risk. Certain automakers and Tier 1 customers from time to time may consider the sale of certain business segments or bankruptcy as a result of financial stress. Should one or more of our larger customers (including sales through their Tier 1 suppliers) declare bankruptcy or sell their business, it could adversely affect the collection of receivables, our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. The current economic environment continues to cause increased financial pressures and production stresses on our customers, which could impact the timeliness of customer payments and ultimately the collectability of receivables. 
 Our allowance for doubtful accounts primarily relates to financially distressed automotive mirror and electronics customers. We continue to work with these financially distressed customers in collecting past due balances. Refer to Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 Business Disruptions. Manufacturing of our proprietary products employing electro-optic technology is performed primarily at our manufacturing facilities in Zeeland and Holland, Michigan. One of our manufacturing facilities is located in Holland, Michigan, which is approximately three miles from our other primary manufacturing facilities in Zeeland, Michigan. Should a catastrophic event occur, our ability to manufacture product, complete existing orders and provide other services could be severely impacted for an undetermined period of time. We have purchased business interruption insurance to address some of these risks. Our inability to conduct normal business operations for a period of time may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. 
 
 IT Infrastructure and Cybersecurity . A failure of our information technology ("IT") infrastructure could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. We rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology infrastructure and our ability to expand and continually update this infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. For example, we have implemented enterprise resource planning and other IT systems in certain aspects of our business over a period of several years and continue to update and further implement new systems going forward. Like many systems, these systems may not always perform as expected. We also face the challenge of supporting our older systems and implementing necessary upgrades. If we experience a problem with the functioning of an important IT system or a security breach of our IT systems, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. 
 
 We face certain security threats, including threats to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and systems. We maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems and management oversight in order to address these threats. While these measures are designed to prevent, detect and respond to unauthorized activity in, or otherwise compromise of, our systems, certain types of attacks, including cyber-attacks, could result in significant financial or information losses and/or reputational harm. We, and certain of our third-party vendors, receive and store personal information in connection with our human resources operations and other aspects of our business. Despite our implementation of security measures, our IT systems, like all IT systems, are vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, 
 13 

unauthorized access, cyber-attack and other similar disruptions. Any system failure, accident or security breach could result in disruptions to our operations. A material network breach in the security of our IT systems could include the theft of our intellectual property, trade secrets or customer information. To the extent that any disruptions or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data, or an inappropriate disclosure of confidential or customer information, it could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers, lead to claims against the Company and ultimately harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and/or results of operations. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. 
 
 Government Regulations. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act contains provisions to improve transparency and accountability concerning the supply of certain minerals, known as conflict minerals, originating from the Democratic Republic of Congo ("DRC") and adjoining countries. As a result, in August 2012 the SEC adopted annual disclosure and reporting requirements for those companies who use conflict minerals mined from the DRC and adjoining countries in their products. These requirements necessitate due diligence efforts, and the Company has disclosed its findings annually to the SEC on Form SD around May 30 each year since 2012. As there may be only a limited number of suppliers offering "conflict free" minerals necessary for our products, the Company cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain necessary conflict minerals from such suppliers in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. Also, the Company may face reputational challenges if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals not determined to be conflict free or if the Company is unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all conflict minerals used in the Company's products through the procedures the Company may implement. 
 
 On December 8, 2015, NHTSA proposed changes to the Administration s 5-Star Safety Ratings for new vehicles (also known as the New Car Assessment Program or NCAP) and initiated a comment period. The proposed changes will, for the first time, encompass assessment of crash-avoidance technologies, which includes lower beam headlamp performance, semi-automatic headlamp switching, and blind spot detection. NHTSA originally intended to implement the enhancements in NCAP in 2018 beginning with model year 2019 vehicles. The NCAP implementation has been delayed. Under these proposed changes, the Company believes that its SmartBeam technology will qualify with the semi-automatic headlamp NCAP rating system, and that its SmartBeam technology and exterior mirrors with blind spot alert lighting can be included in a system that qualifies with the lower beam headlamp performance and blind spot detection NCAP rating system, respectively. On October 16, 2019, NHTSA issued a press release comparing NCAP to other regions version of NCAP, identified new technologies that are not currently included in NCAP, and suggested Congress legislatively direct actions to improve NCAP. On January 14, 2021, NHTSA issued a request for comment regarding NCAP with advanced driver assist features, including forward collision, lane keeping, blind spot detection and forward pedestrian impact avoidance technologies. 
 
 On October 12, 2018, NHTSA published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ("NPRM") for amendments to Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard ("FMVSS") No. 108: Lamps, reflective devices, and associated equipment, and initiated a comment period. The NPRM proposes amendments that would permit the certification of adaptive driving beam head-lighting systems, if the manufacturer chooses to equip vehicles with these systems. NHTSA proposes to establish appropriate performance requirements to ensure the safe introduction of adaptive driving beam head-lighting systems if equipped on newly manufactured vehicles. The Company believes that its dynamic SmartBeam lighting control system (dynamic forward lighting or DFL), which has been sold in markets outside of North America for several years, will meet the requirements of the new FMVSS No. 108 standards, if amended. The Company's SmartBeam application has and will continue to be affected by increased competition suppliers of multi-function driver assist camera products, which are able to achieve some of the same functionality as SmartBeam but at a lower cost, due to other suppliers leveraging similar hardware costs, but offering products with multiple software features. 
 
 As noted, on October 10, 2019, an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking ("ANPRM") was published seeking public comment on permitting camera-based rear visibility systems, as an alternative to inside and outside rearview mirrors required under FMVSS No. 111, Rear Visibility, which currently requires that vehicles be equipped with rearview mirrors to provide drivers with a view of objects that are to their side or to their side and rear. This ANPRM builds on NHTSA's prior efforts to obtain supporting technical information, data, and analysis on CMS so that the agency can determine whether these systems can provide the same level of safety as the rearview mirrors currently required under FMVSS No. 111. The ANPRM states that one reason NHTSA is seeking additional information is because research conducted by NHTSA and others between 2006 and 2017 has consistently shown that prototype and preproduction camera-based rear visibility systems can exhibit safety-relevant performance issues. In November 2022, NHTSA conducted a public meeting and discussed the ongoing research of this technology. 
 14 

On February 1, 2022, NHTSA signed a Final Rule to allow for adaptive driving beam headlights, and the Final Rule is awaiting publication in the Federal Registrar. The Company believes its adaptive SmartBeam (dynamic lighting system), which has been manufactured and sold for many years in jurisdictions outside the United States, will be permitted under the NHTSA Final Rule. 
 Antitakeover Provisions. Our articles of incorporation, bylaws, and the laws of the state of Michigan include provisions that may provide our board of directors with adequate time to consider whether a hostile takeover offer is in our best interest and the best interests of our shareholders. These provisions, however, could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control. 
 Fluctuations in Market Price. The market price for our common stock has fluctuated, ranging from a low closing price of 23.80 to a high closing price of 36.18 during calendar year 2022. The overall market and the price of our common stock may continue to fluctuate. There may be a significant impact on the market price for our common stock relating to the issues discussed above or due to any of the following: 
 
 Variations in our anticipated or actual operating results or the results of our competitors; 
 Changes in investors or analysts perceptions of the risks and conditions of our business and in particular our primary industry; 
 Intellectual property litigation and infringement claims or other litigation; 
 The size of the public float of our common stock; 
 Market conditions, including the industry in which we operate; and 
 General macroeconomic conditions. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 COVID-19 Pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has already significantly impacted worldwide economic and industry conditions and has had, is having, and is expected to continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. The extent and duration of such possible impacts will depend on numerous factors, including: 
 Duration and severity of any outbreaks and resulting actions taken by the Company or the various governments to contain or mitigate the spread of the coronavirus; 
 Global governmental, business and individual actions taken in response to COVID-19, such as work stoppages, quarantines, shutdowns, shelter-in-place orders or other limitations, as well as voluntary shutdowns and other restrictions; 
 The effect on our suppliers and companies throughout our supply chain, including industry wide part shortages and created labor shortages; 
 Our ability to fulfill existing and future sales order backlog; 
 Reductions or volatility in demand for our products or services; 
 Increasing logistics costs and transportation challenges; 
 Costs of any additional preparedness plans or actions to help ensure the health and safety of our employees and continued operations; 
 Availability of employees to staff our operations and those of companies in our supply chain; 
 Our ability to establish and maintain appropriate estimates and assumptions used to prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements; and 
 The financial and credit markets and economic activity generally, all of which have harmed and could continue to harm our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations, including impacting the ability to access capital and comply with any financial covenants. 
 
 Income Taxes. The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and other foreign jurisdictions. Changes in tax rates, adoption of new tax laws or other additional tax policies, and other proposals to reform United States and foreign tax laws could adversely affect the Company's operating results, cash flows, and financial condition. The Company s domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. 
 
 Employees. Our business success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel. Throughout our Company, our ability to sustain and grow our business requires us to hire, retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse management team and workforce. Failure to ensure that we have the leadership capacity with the necessary skill sets and experience and a skilled workforce could impede our ability to deliver our growth objectives and execute our strategic plan. Organizational and reporting changes within management could result in, and low 
 15 

unemployment has contributed to, increased turnover. Turnover, inability to attract and retain key employees, including managers, or government mandated remote work has had, is having, and is expected to continue to have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 
 International Operations. We currently conduct operations in various countries and jurisdictions, including purchasing raw materials and other supplies from many different countries around the world, which subjects us to the legal, political, regulatory and social requirements as well as various economic conditions in these jurisdictions. Some of these countries are considered growth markets. International sales and operations, especially in growth markets, subject us to certain risks inherent in doing business abroad, including: 
 Exposure to local economic, political and labor conditions; 
 Unexpected changes in laws, regulations, trade or monetary or fiscal policy, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and changes in the rate of inflation in the U.S. and other foreign countries; 
 Tariffs (as discussed herein), quotas, customs and other import or export restrictions and other trade barriers; 
 Natural disasters, political crises, and public health crises (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), which have caused, are causing, and will likely continue to cause downtime and closures at both supplier and customer facilities; 
 Brexit, and its impact; 
 Expropriation and nationalization; 
 Difficulty of enforcing agreements, collecting receivables and protecting assets through non-U.S. legal systems; 
 Reduced intellectual property protection; 
 Withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries; 
 Investment restrictions or requirements; 
 Export and import restrictions; 
 Violence and civil unrest in local countries; 
 Compliance with the requirements of an increasing body of applicable anti-bribery laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar laws of various other countries; and 
 Exposure related to buying, selling and financing in currencies other than the local currencies of the countries in which we operate. 
 Other. Other issues and uncertainties which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations include: 
 
 Rising commodity prices and inflation generally, where we are unable to recover such increases from customers; 
 Increasing interest rates impact our financial performance due to an increase in realized losses on the sale of fixed income investments and/or recognized losses due to a corresponding impairment adjustment on investment securities and can impact customer demand as well; 
 General economic conditions continue to be of concern in many of the regions in which we do business, given that our primary industry is greatly impacted by overall general economic conditions. Any continued adverse worldwide economic conditions, currency exchange rates, trade war, war or significant terrorist acts, could each affect worldwide automotive sales and production levels, thereby impacting the Company; 
 Manufacturing yield issues; and 
 Obligations and costs associated with addressing quality issues or warranty claims. 
 16 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None 

Item 2. Properties. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company operates primarily out of facilities in Zeeland and Holland, Michigan, which consist of manufacturing, warehouse, and office space. The Company also operates a chemistry lab facility in Zeeland, Michigan to support production. In addition, the Company operates overseas offices in Europe and Asia as further discussed below. The location, square footage and use of the most significant facilities as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 Owned Locations Square Footage Date of Acquisition/Build (1) 
 Use Zeeland, MI 26,600 1970 Warehouse, Office Zeeland, MI 197,200 1972 Manufacturing, Office Zeeland, MI 70,000 1989 Manufacturing Zeeland, MI 70,000 1989 Office Zeeland, MI 359,100 1996 Manufacturing Zeeland, MI 168,900 2000 Manufacturing Zeeland, MI 334,000 2006 Manufacturing, Office Zeeland, MI 100,000 2010 Manufacturing, Warehouse Zeeland, MI 31,800 2011 Office Zeeland, MI 349,600 2016 Manufacturing, Warehouse Zeeland, MI 258,400 2018 Warehouse Holland, MI 242,300 2012 Manufacturing, Warehouse Holland, MI 29,900 2021 Office Erlenbach, Germany 90,000 2003 Office Shanghai, China 25,000 2006 Office, Warehouse Shanghai, China 85,000 2017 Office, Warehouse, Light Assembly 
 (1) Date of Acquisition/Build refers to first year of operations and does not refer to subsequent additions or expansions. 
 
 In 2021, the Company completed construction of a 36,000 square-foot addition to its main corporate office and manufacturing facility to expand its chemistry lab facilities, with a total cost of approximately 10 million, which was funded from cash and cash equivalents on hand. 
 
 Additionally, in the first quarter of 2022, the Company began construction on a 345,000 square-foot manufacturing facility located at a 140 acre site in Zeeland, Michigan, where the Company previously performed master planning and completed land infrastructure improvements. The total cost of the building project is expected to be approximately 80 - 90 million and will be funded with cash and cash equivalents on hand. The facility is expected to be operational sometime in 2023. 
 
 The Company has also begun construction on two building expansions during the second quarter of 2022. The Company is expanding its current distribution center by an additional 300,000 square feet, with a total cost still expected to be approximately 40 - 45 million. The Company is also expanding another of its manufacturing facilities by an additional 60,000 feet, with a total cost still expected to be 20 - 30 million. Both of these expansion projects will be funded with cash and cash equivalents on hand. 
 
 The Company also has leased sales and engineering offices throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia to support its sales and engineering efforts, as well as a leased manufacturing facility in Grand Rapids, Michigan: 
 17 

Country Number of Leased Offices/Facilities Germany 3 Japan 3 United States 3 Israel 1 United Kingdom 1 Sweden 1 Korea 1 
 The Company's Automotive Products segment operates in virtually all of the foregoing facilities. The Company's Other segment operates in certain Zeeland, Michigan facilities, as well as a research and development offices in Salt Lake City, Utah and Santa Clara, CA. 
 Capacity. 
 The Company believes its existing and planned facilities are currently suitable, adequate, and have the capacity required for current and near-term planned business. Nevertheless, the Company continues to evaluate longer term facilities needs. 
 The Company estimates that it currently has building capacity to manufacture approximately 34 - 37 million interior automatic-dimming mirror units annually, based on current product mix (excluding the impact of the above referenced construction). The Company evaluates equipment capacity on an ongoing basis and adds equipment as needed. In 2022, the Company shipped 28.7 million interior automatic-dimming mirrors. 
 The Company s automotive exterior mirror manufacturing facility has an estimated building capacity to manufacture approximately 15 - 18 million units annually, based on the current product mix (excluding the impact of the above referenced construction). The Company evaluates equipment capacity on an ongoing basis and adds equipment as needed. In 2022, the Company shipped approximately 15.5 million exterior automatic-dimming mirrors. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 The Company is periodically involved in legal proceedings, legal actions and claims arising in the normal course of business, including proceedings relating to product liability, intellectual property, safety and health, employment and other matters. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties and outcomes are not predictable. The Company does not believe however, that at the current time, there are any matters that constitute material pending legal proceedings that will have a material adverse effect on the financial position, future results of operations, or cash flows of the Company. 
 
 On February 7, 2023, the SEC announced, as previously disclosed by the Company on Form 8-K, that it has accepted an Offer of Settlement submitted by the Company and its current Chief Financial Officer Kevin Nash. Under the settlement, without admitting or denying the SEC s findings in this matter, the Company and Nash have consented to the entry of an administrative civil cease-and-desist order by the SEC (the Order with respect to certain violations of the federal securities laws in the third quarter of 2015 through the second quarter of 2018 (the Relevant Period ). The Company agreed to pay a civil monetary penalty of 4.0 million, which was fully accrued by the Company in the second and third quarters of 2022. Nash agreed to pay a civil monetary penalty of 75,000. 
 
 The Order states that, during the Relevant Period, the Company had deficiencies in its accounting for its employee bonus compensation programs, and failed to maintain accurate books and records and sufficient internal accounting controls, in violation of Sections 13(a), 13(b)(2)(A) and 13(b)(2)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rules 13a-11, 13a-13, 13a-15, and 12b-20 thereunder. The Order further states that, during the Relevant Period and while serving as Chief Accounting Officer, Nash did not sufficiently document the bases for certain accounting entries, in violation of Section 13(b)(5) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13b2-1 thereunder, and causing the Company s violations of Exchange Act Sections 13(a), 13(b)(2)(A), and 13(b)(2)(B), and Rules 13a-11, 13a-13, 13a-15, and 12b-20 thereunder. 
 
 The resolution of this matter did not involve a restatement of the Company s previously filed financial statements. 

18 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

19 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 (a) The Company s common stock trades on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol GNTX. As of February 1, 2023, there were 4,671 record-holders of the Company s common stock and restricted common stock. 
 See Item 12 of Part III with respect to "Equity Compensation Plan Information", which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Stock Performance Graph: The following graph depicts the cumulative total return on the Company s common stock compared to the cumulative total return on the Nasdaq Composite Index (all U.S. companies) and the Dow Jones U.S. Auto Parts Index (excluding tire and rubber makers). The graph assumes an investment of 100 on the last trading day of 2017 and reinvestment of dividends in all cases. 
 
 In February 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved a continuing resolution to pay a quarterly dividend at a rate of 0.120 per share until the board takes other action with respect to the payment of dividends. The Company intends to continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend and will consider future dividend rate adjustments based on the Company s financial condition, profitability, cash flow, liquidity and other relevant business factors. 
 
 (b) Not applicable. 
 
 (c) The Company has in place and has announced a share repurchase plan. As previously disclosed, the Company may purchase authorized shares of its common stock under the plan based on a number of factors, including: market, economic, and industry conditions; the market price of the Company's common stock; anti- 
 20 

dilutive effect on earnings; available cash; and other factors that the Company deems appropriate. The plan does not have an expiration date, but the Board of Directors reviews such plan periodically. 
 
 The following is a summary of share repurchase activity during 2022: 
 Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased As Part of a Publicly Announced Plan Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan January 2022 24,824,068 February 2022 490,021 30.63 490,021 24,334,047 March 2022 1,950,169 28.84 1,950,169 22,383,878 April 2022 22,383,878 May 2022 22,383,878 June 2022 22,383,878 July 2022 150,110 27.80 150,110 22,233,768 August 2022 300,135 28.04 300,135 21,933,633 September 2022 400,061 24.17 400,061 21,533,572 October 2022 21,533,572 November 2022 21,533,572 December 2022 750,407 27.17 750,407 20,783,165 Total 4,040,903 4,040,903 
 
 See above paragraph with respect to the publicly announced share repurchase plan 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 21 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth for the periods indicated certain items from the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a percentage of net sales and the percentage change in the dollar amount of each such item from that in the indicated previous year. 
 
 Percentage of Net Sales Percentage Change 2022 2021 Year Ended December 31, Vs Vs 2022 2021 2020 2021 2020 Net Sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 10.8 2.5 Cost of Goods Sold 68.2 64.2 64.1 17.8 2.7 Gross Margin 31.8 35.8 35.9 (1.6) 2.4 Operating Expenses: Engineering, Research and Development 6.9 6.8 6.9 13.2 1.6 Selling, General and Administrative 5.5 5.3 5.3 15.6 2.5 Total Operating Expenses: 12.5 12.1 12.2 14.2 2.0 Operating Income 19.3 23.7 23.7 (9.7) 2.6 Other Income/(Expense) 40.0 0.7 (104.3) (46.4) Income Before Provision for Income Taxes 19.3 24.1 24.4 (11.2) 1.1 Provision for Income Taxes 2.7 3.2 3.8 (8.3) (13.5) Net Income 16.6 20.8 20.6 (11.7) 3.8 
 Results of Operations: 2022 to 2021 
 Net Sales. In 2022, the Company's net sales increased by 187.8 million, or 11 compared to the prior year. Light vehicle production in 2022 increased by 3 when compared to 2021 in the Company's primary markets, but total revenue for the year outperformed the underlying market by 8 despite the many supply chain challenges and customer order volatility encountered during the year. The increase in the Company's sales was primarily driven by a 6 year over year increase in automatic-dimming mirror shipments, from 41.8 million units in 2021 to 44.2 million units in 2022. 
 Other net sales for calendar year 2022 were 44.2 million, compared to Other net sales of 34.0 million in calendar year 2021. Fire protection sales in 2022 increased by 53 year over year, while dimmable aircraft windows were down 33 in 2022 compared to calendar year 2021. The Company expects that dimmable aircraft window sales will continue to be impacted until there is a meaningful recovery of the aerospace industry and the Boeing 787 production levels improve. 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold. As a percentage of net sales, cost of goods sold increased from 64.2 in 2021 to 68.2 in 2022. The year over year decrease in the gross margin was primarily the result of increased raw material costs, increased manufacturing costs, higher freight and logistics costs, and certain previously agreed to annual customer price reductions. On a year over year basis, increased raw material costs had a negative impact of approximately 250 - 300 basis points on gross margin. Manufacturing cost increases, freight and logistics cost increases, and annual customer price reductions each independently had a negative impact of approximately 50 - 100 basis points on gross margin on a year over year basis. 
 Operating Expenses. Engineering, research and development expenses ("E, R D") increased by 15.5 million or 13 from 2021 to 2022, but remained at 7 of net sales. E, R D increased primarily due to additional staffing, professional fees, new product development, and the ongoing product re-designs necessary to mitigate electronics part shortages. 
 Selling, general and administrative ("S, G A") expenses increased by 14.3 million or 16 from 2021 to 2022, which represents 6 of net sales in 2022 compared to 5 in 2021. The primary reason for the increase in S, G A from 2021 to 2022 was primarily due to staffing, increases in outbound freight expenses, and the return of in-person 
 22 

customer meetings and trade show related expenses. S, G A expenses were also impacted on a year over year basis by the 4.0 million settlement with the SEC that was accrued for in the second and third quarters of 2022, and the related legal and professional fees. See It em 3, Part I . 
 Total Other Income/(Expense). Investment income increased 1.2 million to 4.8 million for 2022 compared to 3.6 million for 2021 primarily due to increases in interest income from fixed income investments. Other income net decreased 8.1 million in 2022 versus 2021, primarily due to additional losses on sales of debt investments on a year over year basis. 
 Taxes. The effective tax rate was 13.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 13.3 for the prior year. The effective tax rates in 2022 and 2021 differed from the statutory federal income tax rate, primarily due to the Foreign Derived Intangible Income Deduction, as well as additional equity compensation deductions and various tax credits. 
 Net Income. Net income decreased by 42.0 million in 2022, or 12 compared to 2021, primarily due to the year over year changes in gross margin and operating profits. 
 Results of Operations: 2021 to 2020 
 Net Sales. In 2021, the Company's net sales increased by 43.0 million, or 3 compared to the prior year. Net sales for 2021 were negatively impacted by lower than forecasted global vehicle production rates for calendar year 2021, which declined 3 on a year over year basis. The increase in the Company's sales was primarily driven by a 9 year over year increase in automatic-dimming mirror shipments, from 38.2 million units in 2020 to 41.8 million units in 2021, despite the electronics components shortages impacting the Company's ability to meet customer demand for Full Display Mirror (FDM), Integrated Toll Module (ITM), and other advanced feature shipments. 
 Other net sales for calendar year 2021 were 34.0 million, compared to Other net sales of 40.0 million in calendar year 2020. Fire protection sales increased by 10 year over year, while dimmable aircraft windows were down 48 in 2021 compared to calendar year 2020. The Company expects that dimmable aircraft window sales will continue to be impacted until there is a more meaningful recovery of the aerospace industry and the Boeing 787 production levels improve. 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold. As a percentage of net sales, cost of goods sold increased from 64.1 in 2020 to 64.2 in 2021. The year over year decrease in the gross margin was primarily the result of annual customer price reductions and freight related cost increases, which were mostly offset by purchasing cost reductions and product mix improvement over 2020. On a year over year basis, annual customer price reductions and freight related cost increases each had a negative impact of approximately 100 - 150 basis points on gross margin. Purchasing cost reductions and product mix improvements in 2021 versus 2020 each independently had a positive impact on gross margin on a year over year basis of approximately 50 - 100 basis points. 
 Operating Expenses. Engineering, research and development expenses ("E, R D") increased by 1.8 million or 2 from 2020 to 2021, but remained at 7 of net sales. E, R D increased, primarily due to increased staffing levels, which continue to support growth and development of new business. 
 Selling, general and administrative ("S, G A") expenses increased by 2.2 million or 2 from 2020 to 2021, but remained at 5 of net sales. The primary reason for the increase in S, G A from 2020 to 2021 was due to wages and benefits, other resources associated with mitigation of the impacts of the global COVID-19 pandemic, and increased legal and professional fees. 
 Total Other Income/(Expense). Investment income decreased 3.4 million to 3.6 million for 2021 compared to 7.0 million for 2020 primarily due to decreases in interest income from fixed income investments. Other income net decreased 2.3 million in 2021 versus 2020, primarily due to decreases in gains on sales of debt investments on a year over year basis, as well as gains recognized in 2020 on initial investments that were fully acquired during 2020. 
 Taxes. The effective tax rate was 13.3 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 15.6 for the prior year. The effective tax rates in 2021 and 2020 differed from the statutory federal income tax rate, primarily due to the Foreign Derived Intangible Income Deduction, research and development tax credits and discrete benefits from stock based compensation. 
 Net Income. Net income increased by 13.2 million, or 4 year over year, primarily due to the 3 increase in revenue on a year over year basis, as well as the decrease in the effective tax rate. 
 23 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company s financial condition throughout the periods presented has remained very strong, despite lower than forecasted global vehicle production rates and supply chain disruptions in 2022 and a 3 decline in light vehicle production in the Company's primary markets from 2020 to 2021. 
 The Company's cash and cash equivalents were 214.8 million, 262.3 million, and 423.4 million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company's cash and cash equivalents include amounts held by foreign subsidiaries of 12.5 million, 10.7 million and 7.4 million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Cash flow from operating activities was 338.2 million, 362.2 million and 464.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cash flow from operating activities decreased 24.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, primarily due to decreases in net income and changes in working capital, which were partially offset by changes in deferred taxes. Cash flow from operating activities decreased 102.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020, primarily due to changes in working capital and deferred taxes, which were partially offset by the increase in net income. 
 Cash flow used for investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 59.6 million to 172.7 million, compared with cash flow used for investing activities of 113.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increased investment purchases of equity method investments during the year. Cash flow used for investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased by 139.5 million to 113.1 million, compared to cash flow provided by the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to increased investment purchases of fixed income investments during that year. 
 Capital expenditures were 146.4 million, 68.8 million, and 51.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 77.6 million compared with the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in expenditures related to building and facility construction projects previously discussed. Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased by 17.1 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 primarily due to an increase in production equipment purchases. 
 Cash flow used for financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, decreased 201.1 million to 209.0 million, compared to 410.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in the amount of shares of common stock repurchased which totaled 112.5 million during the calendar year 2022 as compared to 324.6 million during the calendar year 2021. 
 Cash flow used for financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, increased 46.3 million to 410.1 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to a reduction in the amount of shares of common stock repurchased which totaled 324.6 million during the calendar year 2021 as compared to 288.5 million during the calendar year 2020. 
 
 Short-term investments as of December 31, 2022 were 23.0 million, up from 5.4 million as of December 31, 2021 and long-term investments were 153.9 million as of December 31, 2022, down from 207.7 million as of December 31, 2021, due to changes in the Company's overall investment portfolio and increased investment in equity method investments. Equity method investments increased to 48.4 million, primarily as a result of additional investment purchases during 2022, including the investment in GreenMarbles in the second quarter of 2022. This investment in GreenMarbles was made with 20.0 million in cash and the issuance of 5.0 million of the Company's common stock. 
 Accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 increased 26.7 million compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due to the timing of sales within those years. 
 Inventories as of December 31, 2022, increased 88.1 million compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due to increased raw material inventory levels to manage risk related to potential supply chain disruptions and volatility in customer orders. 
 24 

Intangible Assets, net as of December 31, 2022 decreased 19.8 million compared to December 31, 2021, due to the amortization of definite lived intangible assets and patents, which is discussed further in Note 10 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Accounts payable as of December 31, 2022, increased 53.4 million compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due increases in, and timing of, inventory and capital expenditure payments. 
 Management considers the Company s current working capital and long-term investments, as well as its existing credit financing arrangement (notwithstanding covenants prohibiting additional indebtedness), discussed further in Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements, in addition to internally generated cash flow, to be sufficient to cover anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future considering its contractual obligations and commitments. 
 The following is a summary of working capital and long-term investments: 
 2022 2021 2020 Working Capital 698,099,624 691,319,649 801,593,707 Long Term Investments 153,906,005 207,693,147 162,028,068 Total 852,005,629 899,012,796 963,621,775 
 
 The increase in working capital as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 is primarily due to increases in inventory and accounts receivable, which was partially offset by decreases in cash and prepaid expenses and other. The decrease in working capital as of December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 is primarily due to decreases in cash flow from operations, as well as additional share repurchases. 
 
 Please refer to Part II, Item 5 , with regard to the Company's previously announced share repurchase plan. 

Outlook 
 The Company utilizes the light vehicle production forecasting services of S P Global Mobility. The S P Global Mobility mid-January 2023 forecast for light vehicle production for calendar year 2023 are approximately 15.1 million units for North America, 16.5 million units for Europe, 11.7 million units for Japan and Korea, and 26.6 million units for China. 
 Based on the foregoing, the Company estimates that top line revenue for calendar year 2023 will be approximately 2.2 billion. All estimates are based on light vehicle production forecasts in the primary regions to which the Company ships product, as well as the estimated option rates for its mirrors and electronics on prospective vehicle models and anticipated product mix. The Company continues to see order rates and booked business that allow for these estimates with an expected vehicle production increase in 2023, as well as an increase in 2024 compared to 2023. Continuing uncertainties, such as: volatilities in customer orders; light vehicle production volumes; supplier part or material shortages, including electronics supply chain constraints; the Ukraine-Russia conflict; labor shortages; automotive plant shutdowns; sales rates in Europe, Asia and North America; challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical environments, including inflation, tariffs and potential tax law changes; OEM strategies and cost pressures; customer inventory management and the impact of potential automotive customer (including their Tier 1 suppliers) and supplier bankruptcies; work stoppages, strikes, etc.; could disrupt shipments to customers and make forecasting difficult. 
 The Company is estimating that the gross margin will be between 32 and 33 for calendar year 2023. Historically, annual customer price reductions have placed significant pressure on gross margin on an annual basis. Given the current revenue forecast and projected product mix for 2023, the Company hopes it may be able to offset certain raw material cost increases, as well as labor related cost increases with pricing adjustments and improved operational efficiencies, but there is no certainty of being able to do so. 
 The Company also currently estimates that its operating expenses, which include E, R D and S, G A, are expected to be between 260 and 270 million for calendar year 2023, due in part to continued investments that support growth and launch of new business as well as development of new products, which are primarily staffing related. The Company continues to invest heavily in technology directed at funding the development of its current product portfolio and creating iterations of those products that help keep its products new and attractive to our customers, as well as new products. 
 25 

The Company is a technology leader in the automotive industry, with a focus on developing uniquely designed solutions that are proprietary. The Company continues to make investments intended to maintain a competitive advantage in its current markets, as well as to use its core competencies to develop products that are applicable in other markets. 
 Based on current light vehicle production forecasts, and the resultant forecast our automatic-dimming mirrors and electronics, the Company currently anticipates that 2023 capital expenditures will be between 200 and 225 million, a majority of which will be related to production equipment purchases but also includes an estimated 70 - 90 million in construction costs related to the construction of a new 345,000 square foot manufacturing facility, which began in January 2022, as well as the other two expansion projects on currently existing facilities. Capital expenditures for calendar year 2023 are currently anticipated to be financed from current cash and cash equivalents on hand and cash flows from operating activities. 
 The Company also estimates that depreciation and amortization expense for calendar year 2023 will be between 100 and 110 million. 
 The Company is further estimating that its tax rate will be between 15.0 and 17.0 for calendar year 2023 based on the current statutory rates. 
 In accordance with its previously announced share repurchase plan and capital allocation strategy, the Company intends to continue to repurchase additional shares of its common stock in 2023 and into the future depending on a number of factors, including: market, economic, and industry conditions; the market price of the Company's common stock; anti-dilutive effect on earnings; available cash; and other factors that the Company deems appropriate. 
 
 The Company is also providing top line revenue guidance for calendar year 2024, taking into account anticipated increases in light vehicle production in 2024 compared to 2023. S P Global Mobility current forecasts for light vehicle production for calendar year 2024 are approximately 15.8 million units for North America, 17.5 million units for Europe, 11.4 million units for Japan and Korea, and 28.1 million units for China. Based on these forecasts, the Company is estimating that revenue for calendar year 2023 will increase approximately 10 over current estimates provided for 2023 revenue. As noted above, continuing uncertainties make forecasting difficult. 

Market Risk Disclosure 
 The Company is subject to market risk exposures of varying correlations and volatilities, including foreign exchange rate risk, and interest rate risk. Fluctuating interest rates and securities prices could negatively impact the Company's financial performance due to realized losses on the sale of fixed income investments and/or realized losses due to an impairment adjustment on investment securities. The Company does not currently believe such risks are necessarily material. 
 The Company has some assets, liabilities and operations outside the United States, including multi-currency accounts, which currently are not significant overall to the Company as a whole. Because the Company sells its automotive mirrors throughout the world and automobile manufacturing is highly dependent on general economic conditions, it could be significantly affected by weak economic conditions in foreign markets that could reduce demand for its products. 
 Most of the Company s non-U.S. sales are invoiced and paid in U.S. dollars. During calendar year 2022, approximately 7 of the Company s net sales were invoiced and paid in foreign currencies (compared to 8 for calendar year 2021 and 7 for calendar year 2020). The Company currently expects that approximately 7-8 of the Company s net sales in calendar year 2023 will be invoiced and paid in foreign currencies. The Company does not currently engage in hedging activities of foreign currencies. 
 The Company does not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements or commitments that have not been recorded in its Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Significant Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, requires management to make estimates, assumptions and apply judgments that affect its financial position and results of operations. On an ongoing basis, 
 26 

management evaluates these estimates and assumptions. Management also continually reviews its accounting policies and financial information disclosures. 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Certain of our accounting policies require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the Consolidated Financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions are based on our historical experience, the terms of existing contracts, our evaluation of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers and suppliers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. However, these estimates and assumptions are inherently subject to a degree of uncertainty. As a result, actual results in these areas may differ significantly from our estimates, as is the case in any application of generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 The Company considers an accounting estimate to be critical if: 
 It requires management to make assumptions about matters that were uncertain at the time of the estimate, and 
 Changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected would have had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Revenue Recognition. The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Accordingly, revenue is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for promised goods or services when it transfers those goods or services to customers. Sales are shown net of returns, which have not historically been significant. The Company does not generate sales from arrangements with multiple deliverables. The Company generally receives purchase orders from customers on an annual basis in the ordinary course of business. Typically, such purchase orders provide the annual terms, including pricing, related to a particular vehicle model. Purchase orders generally do not specify quantities. The Company recognizes revenue based on the pricing terms included in such annual purchase orders. 
 As part of certain agreements, entered into in the ordinary course of business, the Company is asked to provide customers with annual price reductions. Such amounts are estimated and accrued as a reduction of revenue as products are shipped to those customers. For any shipments of product that may be subject to retroactive price adjustments that are then being negotiated, the Company records revenue based on the Company s best estimate of the amount of consideration to which the entity will be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods to the customer. The Company's best estimate requires significant judgment based on historical results and expected outcomes of ongoing negotiations with customers. The Company's approach is to consider these adjustments to the contract price as variable consideration which is estimated based on the then most likely price amount. In addition, the Company has ongoing adjustments to our pricing arrangements with customers based on the related content, the cost of our products and other commercial factors. Such pricing accruals are adjusted as they are settled with our customers. 
 
 See also Item 13 of Part III with respect to "Certain Transactions", which is incorporated herein. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 See " Market Risk Disclosure " in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. See Item 7, Part I I . 

27 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The following financial statements and reports of independent registered public accounting firm are filed with this report following the signature page: 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Document 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 41 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 43 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 44 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 202 2, 202 1 , and 20 20 
 45 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1, and 20 20 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Investment for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1, and 20 20 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1, and 20 20 
 48 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 50 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 As defined in Item 304 of Regulation S-K, there have been no changes in, or disagreements with, accountants during the 24-month period ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of the Company s management, the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures ([as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)]) as of December 31, 2022, and have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are adequate and effective. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework)(the COSO criteria). Based on this assessment, management asserts that the Company has maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 28 

The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in Part IV of this Form 10K. 
 During the period covered by this annual report, there have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. In addition, there have been no significant changes in the Company s internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to December 31, 2022. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 29 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information about Our Executive Officers 
 The following table lists the names, ages, and positions of all of the Company s executive officers at the time of this report. Officers are generally elected at the meeting of the Board of Directors following the annual meeting of shareholders. 
 NAME AGE POSITION CURRENT POSITION HELD SINCE Steve Downing 45 President and Chief Executive Officer January 2018 Neil Boehm 51 Chief Technology Officer and Vice President, Engineering February 2018 Kevin Nash 48 Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer February 2018 Matthew Chiodo 58 Chief Sales Officer and Senior Vice President, Sales January 2022 Scott Ryan 42 Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary August 2018 
 There are no family relationships among the officers listed in the preceding table. 
 Steve Downing was elected Chief Executive Officer effective as of January 1, 2018. Mr. Downing has been employed by the Company since 2002. Prior to being elected Chief Executive Officer, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer from August 2017 to December 2017, as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from June 2015 to August 2017, and as Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer from May 2013 to June 2015. He served in a variety of roles before that time. Certain terms of Mr. Downing's employment arrangement are contained herein in Part III, Item 11 to this Form 10 K. 
 Neil Boehm was appointed as the Company's Vice President, Engineering and Chief Technology Officer as of February 15, 2018 and was also appointed an executive officer. Mr. Boehm has been employed by the Company since 2001. Prior to his current position, he served as the Company's Vice President of Engineering, beginning in 2015 and before that served as Senior Director of Engineering. Certain terms of Mr. Boehm's employment arrangement are contained herein in Part III, Item 11 to this Form 10-K. 
 Kevin Nash was appointed as the Company's Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer, effective as of February 15, 2018. He is also the Company's Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Nash has been employed by the Company since 1999. Prior to his current position, he served as the Company's Vice President of Accounting and Chief Accounting Officer, beginning in 2014 and before that served as Director of Accounting and Chief Accounting Officer. Certain terms of Mr. Nash's employment arrangement are contained herein in Part III, Item 11 to this Form 10-K. 
 Matthew Chiodo's title changed to Chief Sales Officer and Senior Vice President of Sales on January 17, 2022, though he was already and continues to be a named executive officer. Mr. Chiodo has been employed by the Company since 2001. Prior to his current title, his title was the Company's Vice President of Sales, beginning in 2017 and before that served as Director of Sales for several years. Certain terms of Mr. Chiodo's employment arrangement are contained herein in Part III, Item 11 to this Form 10-K. 
 Scott Ryan was appointed as the Company's Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary on August 16, 2018. Mr. Ryan has been employed by the Company since 2010. Prior to his current position, he served as Assistant General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from June 2015 to August 2018. Prior to that he served as Patent Counsel from November 2013 to June 2015. Certain terms of Mr. Ryan's employment arrangement are contained herein in Part III, Item 11 to this Form 10-K. 
 Information relating to directors appearing under the caption Election of Directors in the definitive Proxy Statement for 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and filed with the Commission within 120 days after the Company s fiscal year end, December 31, 2022 (the Proxy Statement ), is hereby incorporated herein by reference. No changes were made to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees for the Board of Directors. Any information concerning compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 that may appear under the caption Delinquent Section 16 Reports in the definitive Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference. Information relating to the Company s Audit Committee and concerning whether at least one member of the Audit Committee is an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under Item 407(d)(5) of 
 30 

Regulation S-K appearing under the caption Corporate Governance Audit Committee in the definitive Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics for Certain Senior Officers that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer. A copy of the Code of Ethics for Certain Senior Officers is available without charge, upon written request, from the Corporate Secretary of the Company, 600 N. Centennial Street, Zeeland, Michigan 49464 and on the Company's website. The Company intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this Code of Ethics by posting such information on its website. Information contained in the Company s website, whether currently posted or posted in the future, is not part of this document or the documents incorporated by reference in this document. 
 31 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The information contained under the caption "Compensation Committee Report," "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Executive Compensation," "Director Compensation," and "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" contained in the definitive Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference. The "Compensation Committee Report" shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the commission. 
 
 As previously disclosed, the Compensation Committee has a goal that base salaries for officers, including named executive officers, are at or near the market median for base salaries when compared to the Company's established peer group. 
 
 In light of that, the Compensation Committee has periodically reviewed base salaries for officers, including where officers rank compared to the Company's established peer group. It was determined by the Compensation Committee that certain officer base salaries continue to trail the announced goal of base salaries at market median, in some instances base salaries significantly trailed the stated goal. As such, in light of an improving outlook for the Company the ever-increasing competition for talent, the need to attract and retain management to fulfil the Company's strategic goals, desire for base salaries to approach market median, and the high level individual performances of officers, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board and the Board approved certain changes in base salaries for 2023. The Board, therefore, on February 16, 2023, approved the following base salaries for the CEO and named executive officers for 2023: 
 Executive Officer Position 2023 Base Salary 2022 Base Salary Steve Downing President and CEO 850,000 800,000 Neil Boehm VP, Engineering and CTO 515,000 475,000 Kevin Nash VP, Finance, CFO and Treasurer 515,000 475,000 Matt Chiodo Senior VP, Sales and CSO 455,000 415,000 Scott Ryan VP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 415,000 375,000 
 
 Amended and Restated Annual Incentive Performance-Based Bonus Plan 
 
 The Board of Directors previously approved the Amended and Restated Annual Incentive Performance-Based Bonus Plan (the "Annual Plan") to further emphasize performance-based compensation. In lieu of participating in the profit-sharing bonus paid to all employees, the Annual Plan provides potential cash-based bonuses for officers based on the achievement of three key performance metrics: Revenue (33.33 weighting); Operating Income (33.33 weighting); and Earnings per Diluted Share (33.33 weighting). The Annual Plan covers certain officers, including named executive officers. 
 
 At the beginning of each year, the Compensation Committee reviews and approves a cash bonus target for each officer, as a percentage of base salary for the year. The CEO may earn from 0 - 200 of base salary. The non-CEO named executive officers may earn from 0 to 150 of their base salaries. All performance-related targets are set by, and achievement of targets are approved by , the Compensation Committee and/or the Board of Directors. 
 
 For our executive officers, the 2023 Annual Plan payout opportunities as a percentage of base salary applicable to each performance metric are shown in the table below: 
 Executive Officer Annual Plan Threshold Annual Plan Target Annual Plan Maximum Steve Downing 50.0 100.0 200.0 Neil Boehm 37.5 75.0 150.0 Kevin Nash 37.5 75.0 150.0 Matt Chiodo 37.5 75.0 150.0 Scott Ryan 37.5 75.0 150.0 
 
 No changes were made to the Annual Plan target opportunities for executive officers in 2023, as it is believed the threshold, target, and maximum opportunity levels remain appropriate. The foregoing payout opportunities are 
 32 

multiplied by the weighting factor of a particular performance metric to determine the amounts of cash bonuses payable to officers to the extent the threshold, target, or maximum for a performance metric is met or exceeded. To the extent performance exceeds the established threshold or target, as applicable, for any performance metric, but does not meet or exceed the established target or maximum, as applicable, linear interpolation is used to determine the pro rata portion of the performance bonus. The Compensation Committee also has discretion to increase (or decrease) such performance-based bonuses using its judgment, provided that bonuses are not in any event to exceed 250 of the applicable base salary. 
 
 Since its inception in 2019, the Annual Plan uses the same three key performance metrics and weighting: Revenue (weighted 33.33 ), Operating Income (weighted 33.33 and Earnings per Diluted Share (33.33 since such metrics are not only appropriate measures of performance, but also align with the Company's overall business strategy. 
 
 In determining whether annual cash bonuses are paid under the Annual Plan, actual performance for the year is measured against specified target levels for each performance metric. Generally, the target for the three performance metrics reflects a level of performance, which at the time set would be anticipated to be challenging but achievable. The threshold level is set to be reflective of performance at which the Compensation Committee believed a portion of the award opportunity should be earned. The maximum level was set well above the target, requiring significant achievements and reflecting performance at which the Compensation Committee believed an additional 100 of the target award was warranted. 
 
 For 2022, target performance and actual results for the performance metrics are as follows: 
 Performance Metric Weight Threshold Target Maximum Actual Performance Revenue 33.33 1,457,429 1,943,238 2,429,048 1,918,958 Operating Income 33.33 341,138 454,850 568,563 370,006 Earnings per Diluted Share 33.33 1.22 1.63 2.04 1.36 Amounts in thousands (000) except for per share amounts. 
 
 Based on actual Revenue, Operating Income, and Earnings per Diluted Share results compared to the targets and performance of the named executive officers, the payments for 2022 under the Annual Plan are shown in the table below: 
 Executive Officer 2022 Annual Plan Performance Bonus 2022 Annual Plan Discretionary Bonus Steve Downing 604,720 0 Neil Boehm 269,289 0 Kevin Nash 269,289 0 Matt Chiodo 235,274 0 Scott Ryan 212,597 0 
 
 These Annual Plan results appropriately reflect management's excellent work in addressing the ongoing impacts stemming from the ongoing pandemic supply chain shortages, especially electronics components, as well as labor disruptions and significant volatility within customer orders. Were it not for management's leadership in redesigning products to allow more customer demand to be met notwithstanding the parts shortages and labor market constraints, more revenue would have been lost in 2022. For 2023, the Compensation Committee has established targets for Revenue, Operating Income, and Earnings per Diluted Share for the Annual Plan performance metrics as it has done in the past, and consistent with 2022 is using 25 of target in 2023for determining thresholds and maximums and is not making any adjustments for tariffs. 
 
 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan and Long-Term Incentive Program 
 
 The Company's 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan ("OIP") has been approved by shareholders. Pursuant to the 2019 OIP, the Company implemented the Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "Long-Term Plan"). The Long-Term Plan 
 33 

provides officers, including our named executive officers, with incentive awards that serve an important role by balancing other applicable short-term goals with longer term shareholder value creation , while minimizing risk-taking behaviors that could negatively affect long-term results. 
 
 The Long-Term Plan uses three-year performance periods and selected performance objectives to determine equity incentive awards so as to balance short-term goals under the Annual Plan, with performance objectives associated with longer-term shareholder value creation under the Long-Term Plan. Under the Long-Term Plan, the Board of Directors and/or the Compensation Committee determines the amount of the long-term incentive awards. Each officer's award opportunity is based on a target dollar value (determined toward the very beginning of the performance period) as a percentage of base salary assigned to his or her position based on market comparisons for similar positions, using both a peer group and general industry market data. The following target opportunities apply for the 2023-2025 performance period under the Long-Term Incentive Plan: 
 Executive Officer Long-Term Plan Target Opportunity Percentage of Base Salary for 2023-2025 Steve Downing 365 Neil Boehm 155 Kevin Nash 185 Matt Chiodo 155 Scott Ryan 155 
 
 These Long-Term Plan Target Opportunity Percentages of Base Salary for 2023 - 2025 remain the same as those applicable for 2022 - 2024. 
 
 Achievement at threshold performance yields 50 of the target award and achievement of the maximum performance yields another 100 of the target award. To the extent performance exceeds the established threshold or target, as applicable, for an applicable performance objective, but does not meet or exceed the established target or maximum, as applicable, linear interpolation is used to determine the pro rata portion of such award. 
 
 Seventy percent (70 of the total value of the target long-term incentive opportunity is delivered through performance share awards ("PSAs") and the other thirty percent (30 through restricted stock ("RS"). Both PSAs and RS are forms of performance-based incentive compensation because PSAs involve performance objectives that provide direct alignment with shareholder interests and the value of RS fluctuates based on stock price performance. 
 
 In addition to requiring achievement of performance objectives in respect of PSAs, PSAs and RS require the executive officers to remain employed with the Company for three years from the grant date (unless the executive officer attains retirement age, departs for good reason, dies, or becomes disabled or a change in control occurs whereby an award may be paid or partially paid). 
 
 Performance Shares for 2023-2025 Performance Period 
 
 The Long-Term Plan is designed to provide PSAs for officers, including our named executive officers. PSAs are tied to the achievement of two performance objectives, each weighted equally: earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) and return on invested capital (ROIC), in each case adjusted and calculated as determined by the Compensation Committee. Each performance objective is based on a three-year performance period (2023-2025) with a performance range that can result in PSAs of 0 for failure to achieve threshold, 50 of target for achieving threshold, to 200 of the target opportunity for achieving maximum. The targets for EBITDA and ROIC for 2022-2024 were established by the Compensation Committee as it has done in the past. For the 2023-2025 performance period, 25 of target is being used for determining thresholds and maximums, which is consistent with 2022. 
 
 EBITDA drives the ability to commit resources to continued growth, but is also a measure of ability to provide shareholder return. It also drives profitable sales growth and optimizes the Company's cost structure. ROIC ensures management uses the Company's capital in an effective manner that drives shareholder value. Since the value of PSAs is tied to the Company's actual performance in financial objectives, it aligns the officers' interests with those of 
 34 

shareholders. The target opportunities of PSAs awarded in 2023 for the named executive officers are shown in the table below: 
 Executive Officer Number of PSAs Awarded in 2023 (Target) for 2023-2025 Steve Downing 75,018 Neil Boehm 19,302 Kevin Nash 23,038 Matt Chiodo 17,053 Scott Ryan 15,554 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards for 2023-2025 Performance Period 
 The other 30 of the total value of the long-term incentive opportunity consists of RS awards. RS incentivizes and rewards executives for improving long-term stock value and serves as a retention tool. Under the Long-Term Plan, RS will generally be granted in February to officers, including our named executive officers, and cliff vest on the third anniversary of the grant. The RS awarded in 2023, based on the target opportunities, for the named executive officers are shown in the table below: 
 Executive Officer Number of RS Awarded in 2022 for 2023-2025 Steve Downing 32,151 Neil Boehm 8,273 Kevin Nash 9,874 Matt Chiodo 7,309 Scott Ryan 6,666 
 
 Retention Grant 
 
 As part of its objective of attracting and retaining management to fulfil the Company's strategic goals, the Compensation Committee recommended and the Board approved on February 16, 2023, a retention grant of PSAs. In addition to the retention of management, the PSA's have been granted to further align management goals with those of the Company's shareholders. For that reason, the PSAs have been granted with performance criteria and will be based upon achievement of the Company's relative total shareholder return (TSR) over a four year period (2023-2026), against a predetermined peer group. Achievement levels vary from 50 to 200 of granted PSA's, for relative TSR between 0 and the 100th Percentile of relative TSR as disclosed in the below table. In addition to requiring achievement of performance objectives in respect of PSAs, this grant also requires the executive officers to remain employed with the Company for four years from the grant date (unless the executive officer attains retirement age, departs for good reason, dies, or becomes disabled or a change in control occurs whereby an award may be paid or partially paid). 

Relative TSR Criteria Achievement Level of Award 0 - 25th percentile 50 25 - 50th percentile 100 50 - 75th percentile 150 Above 75th percentile 200 

The Retention grant of PSA's for the named officers are shown in the table below: 
 35 

Executive Officer Retention PSA Awarded in 2023 Steve Downing 29,361 Neil Boehm 17,790 Kevin Nash 17,790 Matt Chiodo 15,717 Scott Ryan 14,336 

2020-2022 Long-Term Plan Performance (three-year performance period ending December 31, 2022) 
 
 December 31, 2022, marked the end of the three-year performance period for PSA and RS Long-Term Plan awards made in February 2020. 
 
 Performance Share Awards 
 
 The performance metrics, targets and performance payout ranges for these awards were set and approved by the Compensation Committee and the Board in February 2020. Consistent with the Long-Term Plan, incentive could be earned by the officers based on performance associated with two equally weighted metrics, EBITDA and ROIC, in each case adjusted as determined by the Compensation Committee, both measured cumulatively over the three-year performance period. The target levels of achievement for the EBITDA and the ROIC were established to align with financial goals set at the beginning of the three-year performance period for the years 2020 through 2022, The table below summarizes the results of the 2020-2022 performance period relative to target and the achievement level of the 2020-2022 PSAs:. 
 
 Performance Metric Weight Threshold Target Maximum Actual Performance Performance to Target Weighted Performance EBITDA 50 1,512,514 1,890,643 2,268,772 1,535,931 53.10 26.55 ROIC 50 36.80 46.00 55.20 37.12 51.74 25.87 amounts in thousands (000) percentages. Threshold, Target, and Maximum for EBITDA and ROIC were adjusted to address the estimated impact of tariffs and the Actual Performance was similarly adjusted with respect to the actual impact of tariffs. Additionally, Actual performance was adjusted by 8.8 million of previously disclosed severance related costs incurred in 2020. 
 
 The PSAs awarded in February 2020, based on target opportunity, along with the actual payout of PSAs to the executive officers, for the 2020-2022 performance period are reflected in the table below and include dividend equivalents assuming reinvestment of dividends. 
 Executive Officer Number of PSAs Awarded in 2020 (Target) for 2020-2022 2020-2022 PSAs Payout Steve Downing 41,516 22,912 Neil Boehm 14,081 7,772 Kevin Nash 12,916 7,129 Matt Chiodo 11,394 6,289 Scott Ryan 10,091 5,570 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 The RS awarded in February 2020, based on target opportunities, along with the actual payment of RS to executive officers, awarded for the 2020-2022 period are reflected in the table below: 
 
 36 

Executive Officer Number of RS Awarded in 2020 (Target) for 2020-2022 2020-2022 RS Payout/Vesting Steve Downing 17,792 17,792 Neil Boehm 6,035 6,035 Kevin Nash 5,535 5,535 Matt Chiodo 4,883 4,883 Scott Ryan 4,325 4,325 
 
 Since each executive officer awarded restricted stock in 2020 remained employed by the Company for three years from the grant date, each restricted stock awarded vested with such executive officers. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information contained under the captions Common Stock Ownership of Management, Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, and Equity Compensation Plan Information contained in the definitive Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference. There are no arrangements known to the registrant, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information contained under the caption Certain Transactions contained in the definitive Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference. The information contained under the caption Election of Directors contained in the definitive Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fee and Services. 
 Information regarding principal accounting fees and services set forth under the caption Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditors Principal Accounting Fees and Services in the definitive Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference. Information concerning the policy adopted by the Audit Committee regarding the pre-approval of audit and non-audit services provided by the Company s independent auditors set forth under the caption Corporate Governance Audit Committee in the definitive Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 37 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements. See Part II, Item 8. 
 2. Financial Statements Schedules. None required or not applicable. 
 3. Exhibits. See Exhibit Index on Page 75 . 

(b) See (a) above. 
 (c) See (a) above. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 
 38 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 GENTEX CORPORATION By: /s/ Steven R. Downing Steven R. Downing, President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 22, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on this 22 nd day of February, 2023, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 
 
 By: /s/ Steven R. Downing Steven R. Downing, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) on behalf of Gentex Corporation 
 By: /s/ Kevin C. Nash Kevin C. Nash, Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) on behalf of Gentex Corporation 
 39 

Each Director of the registrant whose signature appears below hereby appoints Steve Downing or Kevin Nash, as his or her attorney-in-fact to sign in his or her name and on his or her behalf, and to file with the Commission any and all amendments to this report on Form 10-K to the same extent and with the same effect as if done personally. 
 /s/ Joseph Anderson Director Joseph Anderson /s/ Leslie Brown Director Leslie Brown /s/ Steven Downing Director Steven Downing /s/ Gary Goode Director Gary Goode /s/ James Hollars Director James Hollars /s/ Richard Schaum Director Richard Schaum /s/ Kathleen Starkoff Director Kathleen Starkoff /s/ Brian Walker Director Brian Walker /s/ Ling Zang Director Ling Zang 
 40 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Gentex Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Gentex Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' investment and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 41 

Revenue - Estimate of Variable Consideration Description of the Matter As discussed in Notes 1 and 11 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company occasionally enters into sales contracts with its customers that provide for annual price reductions over the production life of a particular part. Prices may also be adjusted on an ongoing basis to reflect changes in product content, product cost and other commercial factors. 
 
 Auditing the accounting for and the completeness of the amount of revenue that the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for its products (for arrangements containing annual price reductions) is judgmental due to the unique facts and circumstances involved with each revenue arrangement, as well as on-going commercial negotiations with customers. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over annual price reductions. This included testing controls over the Company s process to identify and evaluate customer contracts that contain matters that impact revenue recognition, as well as testing controls relating to the completeness and measurement of revenue related to those sales contracts. 
 
 Our audit procedures included, among others, testing the completeness and valuation of the Company s price reductions, including interviews of executive and commercial management personnel responsible for negotiations with customers, inspecting communications between the Company and its customers related to the price reductions, and testing manual price reduction entries recorded using lower materiality thresholds for our testing purposes. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1999. 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 42 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Gentex Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Gentex Corporation and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Gentex Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Gentex Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' investment and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Grand Rapids, Michigan 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 43 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 2022 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets PLANT AND EQUIPMENT: Land, buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Construction-in-process Total Plant and Equipment Less- Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net Plant and Equipment OTHER ASSETS: Goodwill Long-term investments Equity method investments Intangible assets, net Deferred tax asset Patents and other assets, net Total Other Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS INVESTMENT CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities: Salaries, wages and vacation Income taxes Royalties Dividends payable Other Total current liabilities OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES TOTAL LIABILITIES SHAREHOLDERS INVESTMENT: Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021 respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income: Unrealized (loss) gain on investments, net ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) Total shareholders investment TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' INVESTMENT 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 44 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 
 2022 2021 2020 NET SALES COST OF GOODS SOLD Gross profit OPERATING EXPENSES: Engineering, research and development Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Income from operations OTHER INCOME: Investment income Other (loss) income, net ) Total other (loss) income ) Income before provision for income taxes PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES NET INCOME EARNINGS PER SHARE (1) : 
 Basic Diluted Cash Dividends Declared per Share 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income before tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities, net ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, before tax ) ) (Benefit) expense for income taxes related to components of other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 46 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS INVESTMENT 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Common Stock Shares Common Stock Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholders Investment BALANCE AS OF JANUARY 1, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock from stock plan transactions Issuance of common stock related to acquisitions Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options, employee stock purchases, restricted stock, and performance share awards Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2020 Issuance of common stock from stock plan transactions Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options, employee stock purchases, restricted stock, and performance share awards Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 Issuance of common stock from stock plan transactions Issuance of common stock related to acquisitions Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options, employee stock purchases, restricted stock, and performance share awards Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. There may be some differences due to rounding. 

47 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 48 

2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Gain on disposal of assets ) ) ) Loss on disposal of assets Gain on sale of investments and equity method investment income ) ) ) Loss on sale of investments and equity method investment losses Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Stock based compensation expense related to employee stock options, employee stock purchases and restricted stock Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Net cash flows from operating activities CASH FLOWS USED FOR INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Activity in available-for-sale securities: Sales proceeds Maturities and calls Purchases ) ) ) Purchase of equity method investments ) Plant and equipment additions ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of plant and equipment Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Increase in other assets ) ) ) Net cash (used for) from investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS USED FOR FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from borrowings on Credit Agreement Repayment of borrowings on Credit Agreement ) Issuance of common stock from stock plan transactions Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) ) NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH ) ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH, Beginning of year CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH, End of year 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 . 

(1) 
 ) Year Ended December 31, 2021: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts ) Year Ended December 31, 2020: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 
 50 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 
 
 (1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING POLICIES, continued 

to ownership interest), is included within Other Income (Loss) in the Company's consolidated statement of income using the equity method of accounting. These equity method investments, over which the Company exercises significant influence, totaled approximately million as of December 31, 2022 (including approximately million of investments accounted for under ASC 321, Investments - Equity Securities , as of December 31, 2021, for which the Company obtained significant influence during 2022). On June 3, 2022, the Company obtained an approximate equity share in GreenMarbles for million, in addition to an issuance of million worth of common stock. GreenMarbles is a leading provider of sustainable solutions for integration into properties. The Company did t have equity method investments as of December 31, 2021. These investments are classified within Equity Method Investments in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company has made technology investments in certain non-consolidated affiliates for ownership interests of less than (where the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence). These equity investments are accounted for in accordance with ASC 321. These equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values, and where the Company has not identified any observable events that would cause adjustment of the valuation to date, are then held at cost. These technology investments totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, million of these investments are classified within Short-Term Investments in the consolidated balance sheets. million and million of these investments are classified within Long-Term Investments in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 51 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 
 
 (1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING POLICIES, continued 

 Restricted Cash Short-Term Investments: Certificate of Deposit Corporate Bonds Government Securities Municipal Bonds Other Long-Term Investments: Asset-backed Securities Certificate of Deposit Corporate Bonds Government Securities Municipal Bonds Common Stock Total 
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using Total as of Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets Significant Other Observable Inputs Significant Unobservable Inputs Description December 31, 2021 (Level I) (Level 2) (Level 3) Cash Cash Equivalents Short-Term Investments: Certificate of Deposit Corporate Bonds Other Long-Term Investments: Asset-backed Securities Certificate of Deposit Corporate Bonds Government Securities Municipal Bonds Total 
 52 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 
 
 (1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING POLICIES, continued 

 ) Corporate Bonds ) Government Securities ) Municipal Bonds ) Other Long-Term Investments: Asset-backed Securities ) Certificate of Deposit ) Corporate Bonds ) Government Securities ) Municipal Bonds ) Common Stock Total ) 
 
 Unrealized 2021 Cost Gains Losses Market Value Short-Term Investments: Certificate of Deposit Corporate Bonds Other Long-Term Investments: Asset-backed Securities ) Certificate of Deposit Corporate Bonds ) Government Securities ) Municipal Bonds ) Total ) 
 
 Greater than one year Total 
 Unrealized losses on investments as of December 31, 2021 are as follows: 
 Aggregate Unrealized Losses Aggregate Fair Value Less than one year Greater than one year Total 
 53 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 
 
 (1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING POLICIES, continued 

 No investments were considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired in 2022 and 2021. 
 Due between one and five years Due over five years 

Work-in-process Finished goods Total Inventory 
 Allowances for slow-moving and obsolete inventories (which are included, net, in the above inventory values) were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 to years for buildings and improvements, and to years for machinery and equipment. Depreciation expense was approximately million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 , capital expenditures recorded in accounts payable totaled million, million and million, respectively. 
 54 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 
 
 (1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING POLICIES, continued 

55 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 
 
 (1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING POLICIES, continued 

Refer to Note 10, "Goodwill and Intangible Assets" for information regarding the impairment testing performed in calendar year 2022. 
 
 Refer to Note 11, "Revenue" , for further information. 
 
 and amounted to approximately million, million and million, in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Company incurred expenses relating to the repair and maintenance of plant and equipment of approximately million, million and million, in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 56 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 
 
 (1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING POLICIES, continued 

year to years. The weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases as of December 31, 2022 was years, with a weighted average discount rate of . 
 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total 

57 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 
 
 (1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING POLICIES, continued 

 Less: Allocated to participating securities Net Income available to common shareholders Basic weighted average shares outstanding Net Income per share - Basic Diluted Earnings Per Share Allocation of Net Income used in basic computation Reallocation of undistributed earnings Net Income available to common shareholders Diluted Number of shares used in basic computation Additional weighted average dilutive common stock equivalents Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Net income per share Diluted 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, shares, shares, and shares, respectively, related to stock option plans were not included in diluted average common shares outstanding because they were anti-dilutive. 
 
 other stock option plans, another restricted stock plan, and employee stock purchase plans. The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes model to estimate the value of the stock options, which requires the input of assumptions. These assumptions include estimating (a) the length of time employees will retain their vested stock options before exercising them expected term ), (b) the volatility of the Company s common stock price over the expected term, (c) the number of options that will ultimately not complete their vesting requirements forfeitures and (d) expected dividends. Changes in the assumptions can materially 
 58 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 
 
 (1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING POLICIES, continued 

(2) 
 
 million senior revolving credit facility Revolver ). Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Company is entitled to further request an additional aggregate principal amount of up to million, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. In addition, the Company is entitled to the benefit of Swing Loans from amounts otherwise available under the Revolver in the aggregate principal amount of up to million and to request Letters of Credit from amounts otherwise available under the Revolver in the aggregate principle amount up to million, both subject to certain conditions. 
 
 The obligations of the Company under the Credit Agreement are not secured, but are subject to certain covenants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were outstanding balances on the Revolver. The Revolver expires on October 15, 2023. 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and certain covenants that place certain limitations on the Company. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with its covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 unsecured revolving credit facility with a borrowing capacity of up to million ("Revolving Credit Facility") that matures on February 21, 2026, replacing in its entirety the Company's prior million Revolver scheduled to mature on October 15, 2023. Included in the Revolving Credit Facility is a million sublimit for standby letters of credit and a million sublimit for swingline loans, each subject to certain conditions. Funds are available under the Revolving Credit Facility for working capital, capital expenditures, and other lawful corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, acquisitions and common stock repurchases, subject in each case to compliance with certain financial covenants, as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement. 

(3) 
 
 59 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 
 (3) INCOME TAXES, continued 

State Foreign Total Deferred income tax benefit: Primarily federal ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Research tax credit ) ) ) (Decrease) Increase in reserve for uncertain tax provisions ) ) Non-deductible executive compensation Non-deductible expenses Foreign tax credit ) ) ) Foreign derived intangible income deduction ) ) ) Stock compensation ) ) ) Other Effective income tax rate 

60 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 
 (3) INCOME TAXES, continued 

 Research and development costs Stock based compensation Other Total deferred income tax assets Liabilities: Excess tax over book depreciation ) ) Goodwill ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income taxes 

Net operating loss carryforwards with no expiration totaling million are available to reduce future taxable earnings of certain domestic and foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 Income taxes paid in cash were approximately million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions in prior years Reductions for tax positions in prior years ) ) ) Reductions as a result of a lapse of the applicable statute of limitations ) ) ) End of year 
 If recognized, unrecognized tax benefits would affect the effective tax rate. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits through the provision for income taxes. The Company has accrued approximately , , and for interest as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Interest expensed during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was not considered significant. 
 The Company is also subject to periodic and routine audits in both domestic and foreign tax jurisdictions. It is reasonably possible that the amounts of unrecognized tax benefits could change as a result of an audit, new positions taken on income tax returns, settlement of tax positions and the closing of statute of limitations. It is not expected that any change will be material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 For the majority of tax jurisdictions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2018. 

61 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 (4) 
 million, million and million, respectively. The increase in the Company's matching contributions in 2022 was due to changes, approved by the Company's Board of Directors, to the rate of Company match as well as increased participation in the plan. The increase in 2021 was due to increased employee participation in the plan. 
 The Company does not provide health care benefits to retired employees. 
 
 The Gentex Corporation Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (the "Deferred Compensation Plan") is intended to enhance retirement savings among a select group of management or highly compensated employees who contribute significantly to the success of the Company. It is also intended to constitute an unfunded non-qualified deferred compensation plan described in Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3), and 401(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"). Only select management and highly compensated employees, including executive officers, are eligible to participate. The Deferred Compensation Plan is administered by a committee who shall approve designation of any participants and may also remove participants. 
 
 Participants may elect, on a pre-tax basis, to defer receipt of compensation by making an election in accordance with the terms of the Deferred Compensation Plan. Participants are immediately vested in their own deferrals and related earnings. The Company may, but is not required, to match participant deferrals. Participants are generally vested in any such matching contributions after , but before , of service and after of service. A participant's vested credit balance under the Deferred Compensation Plan will generally be paid on the earliest to occur of: a separation from service; a fixed date or event; a change of control; or a plan termination. Subject to applicable rules, a participant can elect whether to receive his or her vested credit balance in a lump sum on the relevant payment date or in installments thereafter. 
 
 The deferrals are held in a separate irrevocable rabbi trust ("the Rabbi Trust"), which has been established pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan. The Rabbi Trust is intended to be used to hold funds, including matching contributions. The assets of the trust are subject to the claims of the Company's creditors in the event that the Company becomes insolvent. Consequently, the Rabbi Trust qualifies as a grantor trust for income tax purposes. The Company also makes periodic payments into company-owned life insurance policies held in this Rabbi Trust to fund the expected obligations arising under this plan. At December 31, 2022, total assets held by the trustee were million and recorded in Other Assets and an associated liability of million and recorded in Other Non-Current Liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The million of assets held by the trustee is invested in company-owned life insurance policies. 

(5) 
 
 equity incentive plans under which awards are made, which include the Gentex Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan ("2019 Omnibus Plan"), and an employee stock purchase plan. Those plans and any material amendments thereto have previously been approved by shareholders. 
 
 The 2019 Omnibus Plan provides for the potential awards to: i) employees; and ii) non-employee directors of the Company or its subsidiaries, which potential awards may be stock options, both incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options, appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance share awards and performance units, and other awards that are stock-based, cash-based or a combination of both. The 2019 Omnibus Plan replaced the Company's Employee Stock Option Plan, Second Restricted Stock Plan, and Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (the 
 62 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 shares of common stock. The purpose of the 2019 Omnibus Plan is to attract and retain employees, officers, and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries and to motivate and provide such persons incentives and rewards for performance. As of December 31, 2022, shares (net of shares from canceled/expired options) have been issued under the 2019 Omnibus Plan, which includes stock options (at a set conversion rate), restricted shares, and performance share awards. 
 
 Restricted Stock Performance Shares Total 
 Employee Stock Options 
 The Employee Stock Option Plan allowed the Company to grant up to shares of common stock under the plan, prior to its replacement by the 2019 Omnibus Plan. 
 The Company has granted options on shares (net of shares from canceled/expired options) under the 2019 Omnibus Plan and shares (net of shares from canceled/expired options) under the prior plan (prior to its replacement) through December 31, 2022. Under each of such plans, the option exercise price equals the stock s market price on date of grant. The options vest after one to , and expire after five to . 
 
 Expected volatility (2) 
 Risk-free interest rate (3) 
 Expected term of options (in years) (4) 
 Weighted-average grant-date fair value 
 (1) Represents the Company's estimated cash dividend yield over the expected term of option grant. 
 (2) Amount is determined based on analysis of historical price volatility of the Company's common stock. The expected volatility is based on the daily percentage change in the price of the stock over a period equal to the expected term of the option grant. 
 (3) Represents the U.S. Treasury yield over the expected term of the option grant. 
 (4) Represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. Based on analysis of historical option exercise activity, the Company has determined that all employee groups exhibit similar exercise and post-vesting termination behavior. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock option awards which is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting periods, with a weighted-average period of years. Stock option expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and respectively. 
 
 63 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at End of Year years Exercisable at End of Year years 
 
 2021 Shares (000) Wtd. Avg. Ex. Price Wtd. Avg. Remaining Contract Life Aggregate Intrinsic Value (000) Outstanding at Beginning of Year Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at End of Year years Exercisable at End of Year years 
 
 2020 Shares (000) Wtd. Avg. Ex. Price Wtd. Avg. Remaining Contract Life Aggregate Intrinsic Value (000) Outstanding at Beginning of Year Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at End of Year years Exercisable at End of Year years 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Nonvested Stock Options at End of Year 
 
 64 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 shares, prior to its replacement by the 2019 Omnibus Plan. 
 Restricted shares awarded under either that plan or the 2019 Omnibus Plan entitle the shareholder to all rights of common stock ownership, except that the shares may not be sold, transferred, pledged, exchanged or otherwise disposed of during the restriction period. The restriction period is determined by a committee, appointed by the Board of Directors, but may not exceed . The Company has issued shares under the 2019 Omnibus Plan and shares under the prior plan (prior to its replacement) as of December 31, 2022, and has shares outstanding under such plans. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2 Year - 
 - 
 - 
 3 Years - 
 - 
 - 
 4 Years - 
 - 
 - 
 5 Years - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (1) Each of these awards cliff vest after the restriction period with no additional restrictions. 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Nonvested, End of Year 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was unearned stock-based compensation of associated with these restricted stock grants. The unearned stock-based compensation related to these grants is being amortized to compensation expense over the applicable restriction periods. Compensation expense related to restricted stock for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and respectively. 
 Performance Shares 
 Performance shares awarded under the 2019 Omnibus Plan are considered performance condition awards as attainment is based on the Company's performance relative to pre-established metrics. The fair value of such performance share awards was determined using the Company's closing stock price on the date of grant. The expected attainment of the metrics for these awards is then analyzed each reporting period, and the related expense is adjusted based on expected attainment, if the then expected attainment differs from previous expectations. The cumulative effect on current and prior periods of a change in expected attainment is recognized in the period of change. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unearned stock-based compensation of associated with these performance share grants. The unearned stock-based compensation related to these grants is being amortized to compensation expense over the applicable performance periods. Compensation expense related to performance share grants for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 65 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 shares of common stock, which was approved by shareholders including amendments thereto. In May 2022, the 2022 Gentex Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan covering shares of common stock was approved by shareholders, replacing the above referenced prior plan effective July 1, 2022. Under such plans, the Company sold or sells shares at of the stock s market price at the date of purchase. In accordance with ASC 718, the 15 discounted value is recognized as compensation expense. 
 Compensation expense related to the employee stock purchase plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 Prior Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

(6) 
 million, which was fully accrued by the Company in the second and third quarters of 2022. Nash agreed to pay a civil monetary penalty of . 
 million of restricted cash as of December 31, 2022 in escrow, pending the finalization of the settlement agreement with the SEC, which occurred on February 7, 2023. 

(7) 
 
 66 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 
 (7) SEGMENT REPORTING, continued 

Germany Japan Mexico Other Countries Other Total Income (Loss) from Operations: Automotive Products Other ) ) Total Assets: Automotive Products Other Corporate Total Depreciation Amortization: Automotive Products Other Corporate Total Capital Expenditures: Automotive Products Other Corporate Total 
 HomeLink Modules 
 Total Automotive Products Other Products Revenue Total Revenue 
 
 Corporate assets are principally cash and cash equivalents, investments, deferred income taxes and corporate fixed assets. Depreciation Amortization on corporate fixed assets are allocated as appropriate to the Automotive and Other segments when reviewing operating results. Substantially all long-lived assets are located in the U.S. 
 67 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 
 (7) SEGMENT REPORTING, continued 

, and of the Company s net sales were invoiced and paid in foreign currencies, respectively. 
 automotive customers (including direct sales to original equipment manufacturer ("OEM") customers and sales through their Tier 1 suppliers), which individually accounted for 10 or more of net sales as follows: 
 Toyota Motor Company Volkswagen Group General Motors 2022 2021 2020 
 . 

(8) 
 
 Gross Profit Operating Income Net Income Earnings Per Share (Basic) (1) 
 Earnings Per Share (Diluted) (1) 
 (1) Basic and diluted earnings per share are computed independently for each quarter presented. Therefore the sum of quarterly basic and diluted per share information may not equal annual basis and diluted earnings per share. 

(9) 

68 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Net current-period change ) Balance at end of period ) Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities: Balance at beginning of period Other comprehensive income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Net current-period change ) ) Balance at end of period ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, end of period ) 
 All amounts are shown net of tax. Amounts in parentheses indicate debits. Other income, net Provision for income taxes ) ) Provision for Income Taxes Total reclassifications for the period ) Net of tax 
 69 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 (10) 
 
 million related to the HomeLink acquisition in 2013; million as part of the acquisition of Vaporsens, Inc. ("Vaporsens") in the second quarter of 2020; million as part of the acquisition of Air-Craftglass Production BV ("Air-Craftglass") in the third quarter of 2020; million as part of the acquisition of Argil, Inc. ("Argil") in the fourth quarter of 2020; and million as part of the acquisition of Guardian Optical Technologies ("Guardian") in the first quarter of 2021. Refer to Note 12, "Acquisitions" , for further information on the Guardian acquisition. million and million, respectively, as set forth in the table below. 
 
 Acquisitions Divestitures Impairments Other ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 The Company reviews goodwill and IPR D for impairment during the fourth quarter on an annual basis or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. The Company performed a qualitative assessment (step 0) to determine whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit or intangible asset's fair value is less than its carrying amount. Based on this test, the Company determined they were not and that no additional impairment testing was needed. The Company has not recognized any impairment of goodwill or IPR D in the current or prior periods. The Company continuously monitors for events and circumstances that could negatively impact the key assumptions in determining fair value thus resulting in the need for interim testing, including long-term revenue growth projections, profitability, discount rates, recent market valuations from transactions by comparable companies, volatility in the Company's market capitalization, and general industry, market and macro-economic conditions. No such events or circumstances, including supply chain disruptions and electronics components shortage, that might negatively impact the key assumptions were observed in 2022 and, as such, nothing indicated the need for interim impairment testing. 
 
 Indefinite HomeLink Technology 
 ) years Existing Customer Platforms ) years Exclusive Licensing Agreement Indefinite Vaporsens In-Process R D Indefinite Argil In-Process R D Indefinite Air-Craftglass In-Process R D Indefinite Guardian Trade Names Indefinite Guardian In-Process R D Indefinite Total other identifiable intangible assets ) 

70 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Indefinite HomeLink Technology 
 ) years Existing Customer Platforms ) years Exclusive Licensing Agreement Indefinite Vaporsens In-Process R D Indefinite Argil In-Process R D Indefinite Air-Craftglass In-Process R D Indefinite Guardian Trade Names Indefinite Guardian In-Process R D Indefinite Total other identifiable intangible assets ) 
 
 Accumulated amortization on patents and intangible assets was approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense on patents and other intangible assets was approximately million, million, and million in calendar years 2022, 2021 and 2019, respectively. At December 31, 2022, patents had a weighted average amortized life of years. 
 
 Excluding the impact of any future acquisitions, the Company anticipates amortization expense including patents and other intangible assets to be approximately: million for the year ended December 31, 2023; million for the year ended December 31, 2024; million for the year ended December 31, 2025; and million for the years ended December 31, 2026 and December 31, 2027. 
 
 71 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(11) 
 
 Germany Japan Mexico Other Total Automotive Products Other Products (U.S.) Total Revenue 
 
 Revenue by geographic area may fluctuate based on many factors, including: exposure to local economic, political and labor conditions; unexpected changes in laws, regulations, trade or monetary or fiscal policy, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and changes in the rate of inflation in the U.S. and other foreign countries; and tariffs, quotas, customs and other import or export restrictions and other trade barriers. 
 
 HomeLink Modules Total Automotive Products Other Segment Fire Protection Products Windows Products Nanofiber Products Total Other Excludes HomeLink revenue related to HomeLink modules integrated into automotive mirrors. 
 
 Revenue is recognized when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Such recognition generally occurs with the transfer of control of the products at a point in time. The Company's automotive OEM contracts generally include Long Term Supply Agreements ("LTSA") entered into in the ordinary course of business and Purchase Orders ("PO") whereby the LTSA sometimes stipulates 
 72 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

days to days. Estimated revenue is adjusted at the earlier of when the most likely amount of consideration expected to be received changes or when the consideration becomes fixed. 
 
 HomeLink Modules 
 
 The Company manufactures and sells HomeLink Modules individually, as well as in combination with the automotive mirrors and other advanced features, as described above. For the majority of automotive products, transfer of control and revenue recognition occurs when the Company ships the product from the manufacturing facility to the customer. 
 
 Other Segment 
 
 Dimmable Aircraft Windows 
 
 73 

GENTEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

days to days. 
 
 Fire Protection Products 
 
 The Company manufactures photoelectric smoke detectors and alarms, visual signaling alarms, electrochemical carbon monoxide detectors and alarms, audible and visual signaling alarms, and bells and speakers for use in fire detection systems in office buildings, hotels, and other commercial and residential buildings. For fire protection parts, transfer of control and revenue recognition occurs when the Company ships the product from the manufacturing facility to the customer. Payment terms on fire protection part sales to customers range from days to days. 
 
 Nanofiber 

(12) 
 
 million. Guardian is an Israeli research and development company that specializes in in-cabin sensing technologies for the automotive industry. The Company funded the acquisition with cash on hand. The valuation process was completed during the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 
 owned subsidiary of the Company as Gentex Technologies (Israel), LTD, and is classified within the Automotive segment. The Company accounted for the acquisition under the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations 

(13) 
 
 unsecured Revolving Credit Facility with a borrowing capacity of up to million that matures on February 21, 2026, replacing in its entirety the Company's prior million Revolver scheduled to mature on October 15, 2023. Included in the Revolving Credit Facility is a million sublimit for standby letters of credit and a million sublimit for swingline loans, each subject to certain conditions. Funds are available under the Revolving Credit Facility for working capital, capital expenditures, and other lawful corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, acquisitions and common stock repurchases, subject in each case to compliance with certain financial covenants as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 74 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 3.1 Registrant's Restated Articles of Incorporation, adopted on August 20, 2004, were filed as Exhibit 3(a) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q dated November 2, 2004, and an Amendment to the Registrant's Restated Articles of Incorporation, adopted as of May 18, 2012, was filed as Exhibit 3.1(i) to the Registrant's Form 8-K dated May 22, 2012, and the same are hereby incorporated by reference, together with an Amendment to the Registrant's Restated Articles of Incorporation adopted as of May 15, 2014 which was included in the Registrant's Proxy statement which was filed with the Commission March 31, 2014 and the same is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 3.2 Registrant s Bylaws as amended and restated February 27, 2003, was filed as Exhibit 3(b)(1) to Registrant s report on Form 10-Q dated May 5, 2003, and an Amendment to Registrant s Bylaws adopted as of February 16, 2012 was filed as Exhibit 3(b)(ii) to Registrant s Form 8-K dated February 21, 2012 and the same is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.1 A specimen form of certificate for the Registrant s common stock, par value .06 per share, was filed as part of a Registration Statement (Registration Number 2-74226C) as Exhibit 3(a), as amended by Amendment No. 3 to such Registration Statement, and the same is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.2 Description of Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, was filed as Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 with the Commission on February 26, 2020 and the same is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.1 Gentex Corporation Second Restricted Stock Plan was filed as Exhibit 10(b)(2) to Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q dated April 27, 2001, and the same is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.2 First Amendment to the Gentex Corporation Second Restricted Stock Plan was filed as Exhibit 10(b)(5) to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q dated August 4, 2008, and the same is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.3 Gentex Corporation 2012 Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (effective February 16, 2012 and approved by the shareholders on May 17, 2012), was filed as Exhibit 10(b)(10) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q dated August 2, 2012, and the same is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.4 Specimen form of Grant Agreement for the Gentex Corporation 2012 Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan, was filed as Exhibit 10(b)(11) to Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q dated August 2, 2012, and the same is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.5 2013 Gentex Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan was included in Registrant's Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on April 5, 2013, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.6 The form of Indemnity Agreement between Registrant and each of the Registrant s directors and certain officers was filed as Exhibit 10(e) to Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q dated October 31, 2002, and the same is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.7 Gentex Corporation Employee Stock Option Plan (as amended and restated, effective February 20, 2014) was included in Registrant's Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on March 31, 2014, and the same is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.8 Specimen form of Grant Agreement for the Gentex Corporation Employee Stock Option Plan (as amended and restated, effective February 10, 2014 was filed as exhibit 10.3 to Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q filed August 7, 2014, and the same is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.9 Amendment to the Gentex Corporation 2012 Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (effective February 16, 2012) was included in the Registrant's Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on March 31, 2014, and the same is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.10 Specimen form of Grant Agreement for the Gentex Corporation 2012 Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan, as amended was filed as exhibit 10.5 to Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q filed August 7, 2014, and the same is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.11 Second amendment to the Gentex Corporation Second Restricted Stock Plan (as amended on February 8, 2008) was included in the Registrant's proxy Statement filed with the Commission on April 2, 2015, and the same is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 75 

10.12 Amendment to the Gentex Corporation 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (effective February 14, 2013) was included in the Registrant's Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on April 2, 2015, and is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.13 Gentex Corporation Amended and Restated Annual Incentive Performance-Based Bonus Plan (as amended on February 15, 2018) filed as an exhibit to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated February 21, 2018. 
 10.14 Amended Credit Agreement by Gentex Corporation as the Borrower, the Guarantors from Time to Time Party Hereto, and the Lenders Party Hereto, and PNC, National Association as Administrative Agent, dated as of February 21, 2023, filed as exhibit to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K filed February 22, 2023. 
 10.15 Gentex Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan filed as exhibit to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated February 22, 2019 
 10.16 Israeli Appendix to the Gentex Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan filed as an exhibit to Registrant's Form 10-K dated February 22, 2021 
 10.17 Gentex Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan filed as exhibit to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K dated February 22, 2019 
 10.18 Specimen form of Performance Share Award Agreement for the Gentex Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan filed as exhibit to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K filed February 22, 2019. 
 10.19 Specimen form of Restricted Share Award Agreement for the Gentex Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan filed as exhibit to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K filed February 22,2019 . 
 10.20 Gentex Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan dated as of May 1, 2019 was filed as an exhibit to Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q dated May 3, 2019, and is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.21 Rabbi Trust Agreement between Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and Gentex Corporation dated as of May 1, 2019 was filed as an exhibit to Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q dated May 3, 2019, and is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.22 Specimen Form of Gentex Corporation Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Agreement was filed as an exhibit to Registrant's Report on Form 10-Q dated November 1, 2019, and is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.23 Specimen form of Performance Share Award Agreement for the Gentex Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan filed as exhibit to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K filed February 23, 2022 , and is he reby incorporated herein by reference . 
 10.24 2022 Gentex Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan was included in Registrant's Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on A ugust 5 , 20 22 , and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.25 Specimen form of Performance Share Award Agreement for the Gentex Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan filed as an exhibit to Registrant's Report on Form 10-K filed February 22, 2023. 
 21 List of Company Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of Gentex Corporation pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350). 
 31.2 Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Gentex Corporation pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350). 
 32 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Gentex Corporation pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350). 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 Indicates a compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 76 

<EX-10.14>
 2
 gntx12312022-ex1014.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of February 21, 2023, is made by and among GENTEX CORPORATION, a Michigan corporation (the Borrower ), each of the GUARANTORS (as defined in the Credit Agreement), the LENDERS (as defined in the Credit Agreement), and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent to the Lenders (the Administrative Agent ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Guarantors, the other Loan Parties from time to time party thereto, the Lenders at the time party thereto, and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2018 (the Credit Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS, the Loan Parties haves requested that the Lenders and the Administrative Agent extend the maturity date, make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement, and provide certain other accommodations, all as hereinafter provided, and, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Lenders and Administrative Agent are willing to do so. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, in consideration of their mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and intending to be legally bound hereby, covenant and agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . Except as set forth in this Amendment, defined terms used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement and the rules of construction set forth in Section 1.1 Certain Definitions of the Credit Agreement shall apply to this Amendment. 
 2. Existing LIBOR Rate Loans . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Amendment, the terms of the Credit Agreement applicable to Loans under the LIBOR Rate Option (as defined in the Credit Agreement immediately prior to the date hereof) shall continue in full force and effect and shall continue to apply to each Loan under the LIBOR Rate Option with an Interest Period that commenced prior to the First Amendment Effective Date until the expiration of the then current Interest Period for such Loan under the LIBOR Rate Option. 
 3. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . 
 (a) The Credit Agreement is amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text or stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text or double-underlined text as set forth in the pages of the amended Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A provided , that any Schedule, Exhibit or other attachment to the Credit Agreement not amended pursuant to the terms of this Amendment or otherwise included as part of Exhibit A shall remain in effect without any amendment or other modification thereto. 
 (b) Schedules 1.1(A) and 1.1(B) of the Credit Agreement . Schedules 1.1(A) Pricing and Schedule 1.1(B) Commitments of Lenders and Addresses for Notice of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in full as attached hereto as Exhibit B . 
 (c) Exhibit 2.5.1 of the Credit Agreement . Exhibit 2.5.1 Loan Request of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in full as attached hereto as Exhibit C . 

4. Conditions Precedent . The Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent acknowledge and agree that the amendments set forth herein shall only be effective upon the occurrence of all the following conditions precedent 
 (a) Amendment . Administrative Agent shall have received a counterpart signature page (whether the same or different counterparts) to this Amendment duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and an amended and restated revolving credit Note duly executed by the Borrower, and if an original signature page is not delivered on or before the First Amendment Effective Date, the Loan Parties covenant to deliver such original not later than the fifth (5th) Business Day thereafter. 
 (b) Fees . The Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent (i) the fees and expenses set forth in the first amendment fee letter, dated as of the date hereof, executed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and (ii) all reasonable, documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent, including without limitation, reasonable, documented fees of the Administrative Agent's counsel in connection with this Amendment. 
 (c) Officer's Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated as of the date hereof, signed by an Authorized Officer stating that (i) all representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects, (ii) the Loan Parties are in compliance with each of the covenants and conditions of the Credit Agreement, (iii) no Event of Default or Potential Default exists, and (iv) no Material Adverse Change has occurred since December 31, 2021 
 (d) Secretary's Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated as of the date hereof, signed by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each of the Loan Parties, certifying as appropriate as to (a) all action taken by each Loan Party in connection with this Amendment (b) the names of the Authorized Officers authorized to sign the Loan Documents and their true signatures and (c) copies of its organizational documents as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date certified by the appropriate state official where such documents are filed in a state office together with certificates from the appropriate state officials as to the continued existence and good standing of each Loan Party in each state where organized 
 (e) Opinion . The Administrative Agent shall have received a written opinion of counsel for the Loan Parties, dated as of the date hereof, and in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (f) Insurance . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence that adequate insurance required to be maintained under the Credit Agreement is in full force and effect, with additional insured special endorsements attached thereto in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel naming the Administrative Agent as additional insured 
 (g) Material Consents . The Loan Parties shall have received all material consents, licenses and approvals required for the delivery and performance by any Loan Party of any Loan Document and the enforceability of any Loan Document against such Loan Party 
 (h) Lien Searches . The Administrative Agent shall have received lien searches in acceptable scope and with acceptable results 
 (i) Miscellaneous . The Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents, agreements, instruments, deliverables and items deemed reasonably necessary by the Administrative Agent. 
 2 

5. Representations and Warranties . Each Loan Party covenants and agrees with and represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as follows 
 (a) each Loan Party possesses all of the powers requisite for it to enter into and carry out the transactions referred to herein and to execute, enter into and perform the terms and conditions of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any other documents contemplated herein that are to be performed by such Loan Party 
 (b) and that any and all actions required or necessary pursuant to such Loan Party's organizational documents or otherwise have been taken to authorize the due execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of the terms and conditions of this Amendment 
 (c) the officer of such Loan Party executing this Amendment are the duly elected, qualified and acting officers of such Loan Party 
 (d) the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any other documents contemplated herein (i) do not violate any provisions of (A) any applicable law, statute, rule, regulation, ordinance or tariff, (B) any order of any Official Body binding on such Loan Party or any of its properties, or (C) the certificate of incorporation, bylaws, certificate of limited partnership, partnership agreement, certificate of formation, limited liability company agreement or other organizational documents of any Loan Party (ii) are not in conflict with, and do not result in a breach or default of or constitute an event of default, or an event, fact, condition or circumstance which, with notice or passage of time, or both, would constitute or result in a conflict, breach, default or event of default under, any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which such Loan Party is a party, or by which the properties or assets of such Loan Party is bound, the effect of which would constitute a Material Adverse Change (iii) do not require authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings other than those that have been (or contemporaneously herewith will be) duly obtained, taken, given or made and are (or, upon obtaining, taking, giving or making any such authorization, approval, action, notice or filing, will be) in full force and effect and (iv) when executed and delivered, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, moratorium, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law affecting the enforceability of creditors' rights generally and to the effect of general principles of equity which may limit the availability of equitable remedies (whether in a proceeding at law or in equity). 
 (e) all representations and warranties made by each Loan Party in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (unless qualified by materiality or reference to the absence of a Material Adverse Change, in which event shall be true and correct), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, and the representations and warranties contained in Section 6.1.7 Financial Statements of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Section 8.3 Reporting Requirements of the Credit Agreement 
 (f) no Potential Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents 
 (g) no Material Adverse Change shall have occurred since the date of the last audited financial statements of the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent and 
 (h) this Amendment is not a substitution, novation, discharge or release of any Loan Party's obligations under the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, all of which shall and are intended to remain in full force and effect. 
 3 

6. Ratification . Except as expressly modified herein and hereby, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are hereby ratified and confirmed and shall be and remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms, and this Amendment shall not be construed to waive or impair any rights, powers or remedies of the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Amendment and the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, this Amendment shall govern. This Amendment shall be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring that it be construed against the party causing this Amendment or any part hereof to be drafted. 
 7. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be deemed to be a contract under the Laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of laws principles other than Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law. 
 8. Counterparts Effective Date . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Amendment shall be effective as of the date first set forth above. 
 9. Severability . The provisions of this Amendment are intended to be severable. If any provision of this Amendment shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or enforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions of this Amendment in any jurisdiction. 
 10. Notices . Any notices with respect to this Amendment shall be given in the manner provided for in Section 11.5 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communication of the Credit Agreement. 
 11. Survival . All representations, warranties, covenants, agreements, undertakings, waivers and releases of the Loan Parties contained herein shall survive payment in full of the Obligations. 
 12. Amendment . No amendment, modification, rescission, waiver or release of any provision of this Amendment shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the parties hereto. 
 13. Entire Agreement . THIS AMENDMENT, THE CREDIT AGREEMENT AND THE LOAN DOCUMENTS EMBODY THE FINAL, ENTIRE AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO AND SUPERSEDE ANY AND ALL PRIOR COMMITMENTS, AGREEMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND UNDERSTANDINGS, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED OR VARIED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OR DISCUSSIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO. THERE ARE NO ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES HERETO. 
 14. No Defenses . The Loan Parties acknowledge and agree that the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents are valid and enforceable and that none of them has any offsets or defenses to the enforcement of the terms and provisions contained in any thereof. 
 15. Waiver and Release . Each of the Loan Parties, by signing below, hereby waives and releases the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and their directors, officers, employees, attorneys, affiliates and subsidiaries from any and all claims, offsets, defenses and counterclaims 
 4 

of which any Loan Party is aware, such waiver and release being with full knowledge and understanding of the circumstances and effect thereof and after having consulted legal counsel with respect thereto. 
 16. Amendment as Loan Document Incorporation into Loan Documents . The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that this Amendment constitutes a Loan Document. This Amendment shall be incorporated into the Credit Agreement by this reference and each reference to the Credit Agreement that is made in the Credit Agreement or any other document executed or to be executed in connection therewith shall hereafter be construed as a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
 SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW 
 5 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto, by their officers thereunto duly authorized, have executed this Amendment as of the day and year first above written. 
 BORROWER 
 GENTEX CORPORATION , a Michigan corporation 
 By Name Title 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , individually and as Administrative Agent 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

EXHIBIT A 
 COMPOSITE CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 37785003_4 

Conformed through the First Amendment to Credit Agreement 
 150,000,000 250,000,000 REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 by and among 
 GENTEX CORPORATION, as the Borrower 
 and 
 THE GUARANTORS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO 
 and 
 THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO 
 and 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent 
 Dated as of October 15, 2018 
 37785003_4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 1. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 1 
 1.1 Certain Definitions. 1 
 1.2 Construction. 27 33 
 1.3 Accounting Principles Changes in GAAP. 27 33 
 1.4 Term SOFR Notification 34 
 2. REVOLVING CREDIT AND SWING LOAN FACILITIES 28 34 
 2.1 Revolving Credit Commitments. 28 34 
 2.1.1 Revolving Credit Loans. 28 34 
 2.1.2 Swing Loan Commitment. 28 34 
 2.2 Nature of Lenders' Obligations with Respect to Revolving Credit Loans. 28 34 
 2.3 Commitment Fees. 29 35 
 2.4 Termination or Reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments. 29 36 
 2.5 Revolving Credit Loan Requests Swing Loan Requests. 29 36 
 2.5.1 Revolving Credit Loan Requests. 29 36 
 2.5.2 Swing Loan Requests. 30 36 
 2.6 Making Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Loans Presumptions by the Administrative Agent Repayment of Revolving Credit Loans Borrowings to Repay Swing Loans. 30 37 
 2.6.1 Making Revolving Credit Loans. 30 37 
 2.6.2 Presumptions by the Administrative Agent. 31 37 
 2.6.3 Making Swing Loans. 31 37 
 2.6.4 Repayment of Revolving Credit Loans. 31 38 
 2.6.5 Borrowings to Repay Swing Loans. 31 38 
 2.6.6 Swing Loans Under Cash Management Agreements. 31 38 
 2.7 Notes. 32 39 
 2.8 Use of Proceeds. 32 39 
 2.9 Letter of Credit Subfacility. 32 39 
 2.9.1 Issuance of Letters of Credit. 32 39 
 2.9.2 Letter of Credit Fees. 33 40 
 2.9.3 Disbursements, Reimbursement. 34 40 
 2.9.4 Repayment of Participation Advances. 35 42 
 2.9.5 Documentation. 36 42 
 2.9.6 Determinations to Honor Drawing Requests. 36 43 
 2.9.7 Nature of Participation and Reimbursement Obligations. 36 43 
 2.9.8 Indemnity. 38 44 
 2.9.9 Liability for Acts and Omissions. 38 45 
 2.9.10 Issuing Lender Reporting Requirements. 39 46 
 2.9.11 Letters of Credit Issued for other Loan Parties. 39 46 
 2.10 Additional Commitment. 39 46 
 2.11 Defaulting Lenders. 41 48 
 2.11.1 Defaulting Lender Adjustments. 48 
 2.11.2 Defaulting Lender Cure. 50 
 2.11.3 New Swing Loans Letters of Credit. 50 
 3. RESERVED 43 50 
 4. INTEREST RATES 43 50 
 4.1 Interest Rate Options. 43 50 
 (i) 

4.1.1 Interest Rate Options Swing Line Interest Rate. 43 51 
 4.1.2 Rate Quotations. 44 51 
 4.1.3 Conforming Changes Relating to Term SOFR Rate. 51 
 4.2 Interest Periods. 44 51 
 4.2.1 Amount of Borrowing Tranche. 44 52 
 4.2.2 Renewals. 44 52 
 4.3 Interest After Default. 44 52 
 4.3.1 Letter of Credit Fees, Interest Rate. 44 52 
 4.3.2 Other Obligations. 44 52 
 4.3.3 Acknowledgment. 44 52 
 4.4 LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Unascertainable Illegality Increased Costs Deposits Not Available Illegality Benchmark Replacement Setting. 44 52 
 4.4.1 Unascertainable Increased Costs. 44 52 
 4.4.2 Illegality Increased Costs Deposits Not Available . 45 53 
 4.4.3 Administrative Agent's and Lender's Rights. 45 53 
 4.4.4 Successor LIBOR Rate Index Benchmark Replacement Setting. 46 53 
 4.5 Selection of Interest Rate Options. 47 55 
 5. PAYMENTS 47 55 
 5.1 Payments. 47 55 
 5.2 Pro Rata Treatment of Lenders. 47 56 
 5.3 Sharing of Payments by Lenders. 48 56 
 5.4 
 5.4 Administrative Agent s Clawback. 57 
 5.4.1 Funding by Lenders Presumption by Administrative Agent. 57 
 5.4.2 Payments by Borrower Presumptions by Administrative Agent. 48 57 
 5.5 Interest Payment Dates. 49 57 
 5.6 Voluntary Prepayments. 49 58 
 5.6.1 Right to Prepay. 49 58 
 5.6.2 Replacement of a Lender. 50 58 
 5.6.3 Designation of a Different Lending Office. 50 59 
 5.7 Reserved Cash Collateral. 51 59 
 5.7.1 Grant of Security Interest. 60 
 5.7.2 Application. 60 
 5.7.3 Termination of Requirement. 60 
 5.8 Increased Costs. 51 60 
 5.8.1 Increased Costs Generally. 51 60 
 5.8.2 Capital Requirements. 51 61 
 5.8.3 Certificates for Reimbursement Repayment of Outstanding Loans Borrowing of New Loans. 52 61 
 5.8.4 Delay in Requests. 52 61 
 5.9 Taxes. 52 62 
 5.9.1 Issuing Lender. 52 62 
 5.9.2 Payments Free of Taxes. 52 62 
 5.9.3 Payment of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties. 53 62 
 5.9.4 Indemnification by the Loan Parties. 53 62 
 5.9.5 Indemnification by the Lenders. 53 62 
 5.9.6 Evidence of Payments. 53 63 
 5.9.7 Status of Lenders. 53 63 
 5.9.8 Treatment of Certain Refunds. 55 65 
 5.9.9 Survival. 56 65 
 5.10 Indemnity. 56 66 
 (ii) 

5.11 Settlement Date Procedures. 57 66 
 5.12 Replacement of a Lender. 67 
 5.13 Designation of a Different Lending Office. 68 
 6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 57 68 
 6.1 Representations and Warranties. 57 68 
 6.1.1 Organization and Qualification Power and Authority Compliance With Laws Title to Properties Event of Default. 57 68 
 6.1.2 Capitalization and Ownership. 58 68 
 6.1.3 Subsidiaries. 58 69 
 6.1.4 Validity and Binding Effect. 58 69 
 6.1.5 No Conflict Material Agreements Consents. 58 69 
 6.1.6 Litigation. 58 69 
 6.1.7 Financial Statements. 59 70 
 6.1.8 Margin Stock. 59 70 
 6.1.9 Full Disclosure. 59 70 
 6.1.10 Taxes. 59 70 
 6.1.11 Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, Licenses, Etc. 60 71 
 6.1.12 Insurance. 60 71 
 6.1.13 Benefit Arrangement, Pension Plan and Multiemployer Plan Compliance. 60 71 
 6.1.14 Environmental Matters. 61 72 
 6.1.15 Solvency. 61 72 
 6.1.16 Sanctions and other Anti-Terrorism Laws. 61 72 
 6.1.17 Senior Debt Status. 61 72 
 6.1.18 Anti-Corruption Laws. 72 
 6.1.19 Certificate of Beneficial Ownership. 72 
 7. CONDITIONS OF LENDING AND ISSUANCE OF LETTERS OF CREDIT 61 72 
 7.1 First Loans and Letters of Credit. 61 73 
 7.1.1 Deliveries. 61 73 
 7.1.2 Payment of Fees. 63 74 
 7.2 Each Loan or Letter of Credit. 63 74 
 8. COVENANTS 63 74 
 8.1 Affirmative Covenants. 63 74 
 8.1.1 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 63 74 
 8.1.2 Payment of Liabilities, Including Taxes, Etc. 63 74 
 8.1.3 Maintenance of Insurance. 63 75 
 8.1.4 Maintenance of Properties and Leases. 64 75 
 8.1.5 Visitation Rights. 64 75 
 8.1.6 Keeping of Records and Books of Account. 64 75 
 8.1.7 Compliance with Laws Use of Proceeds. 64 75 
 8.1.8 Sanctions and other Anti-Terrorism Laws International Trade Compliance . 64 76 
 8.1.9 Keepwell. 65 76 
 8.1.10 Additional Guarantors. 65 76 
 8.1.11 Certificate of Beneficial Ownership and Other Additional Information. 65 76 
 8.2 Negative Covenants. 66 77 
 8.2.1 Indebtedness. 66 77 
 8.2.2 Liens Lien Covenants. 67 78 
 8.2.3 Reserved . 67 78 
 (iii) 

8.2.4 Loans and Investments. 67 78 
 8.2.5 Liquidations, Mergers, Consolidations. 69 80 
 8.2.6 Dispositions of Assets or Subsidiaries. 69 80 
 8.2.7 Affiliate Transactions. 70 81 
 8.2.8 Reserved . 70 81 
 8.2.9 Continuation of or Change in Business. 70 81 
 8.2.10 Fiscal Year. 71 82 
 8.2.11 Reserved. 71 82 
 8.2.12 Reserved. 71 82 
 8.2.13 Limitation on Negative Pledges. 71 82 
 8.2.14 Maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio. 71 82 
 8.2.15 Minimum Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio. 71 82 
 8.2.16 Sanctions and other Anti-Terrorism Laws. 82 
 8.2.17 Anti-Corruption Laws. 83 
 8.3 Reporting Requirements. 71 83 
 8.3.1 Quarterly Financial Statements. 71 83 
 8.3.2 Annual Financial Statements. 72 83 
 8.3.3 Certificate of the Borrower. 72 83 
 8.3.4 Notices. 72 83 
 8.3.5 Delivery. 73 84 
 9. DEFAULT 73 84 
 9.1 Events of Default. 73 84 
 9.1.1 Payments Under Loan Documents. 73 84 
 9.1.2 Breach of Warranty. 73 85 
 9.1.3 Reserved. 73 85 
 9.1.4 Breach of Negative Covenants, Anti-Terrorism Laws or Notice of Default. 73 85 
 9.1.5 Breach of Other Covenants. 74 85 
 9.1.6 Defaults in Other Agreements or Indebtedness. 74 85 
 9.1.7 Final Judgments or Orders. 74 85 
 9.1.8 Loan Document Unenforceable. 74 85 
 9.1.9 Events Relating to Benefit Arrangements, Pension Plans and Multiemployer Plans. 74 85 
 9.1.10 Change of Control. 74 86 
 9.1.11 Relief Proceedings. 75 86 
 9.2 Consequences of Event of Default. 75 86 
 9.2.1 Events of Default Other Than Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Reorganization Proceedings. 75 86 
 9.2.2 Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Reorganization Proceedings. 75 86 
 9.2.3 Set-off. 75 87 
 9.2.4 Application of Proceeds. 76 87 
 10. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 77 88 
 10.1 Appointment and Authority. 77 88 
 10.2 Rights as a Lender. 77 89 
 10.3 Exculpatory Provisions. 77 89 
 10.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent. 78 90 
 10.5 Delegation of Duties. 79 90 
 10.6 Resignation of Administrative Agent. 79 90 
 10.7 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. 80 92 
 10.8 No Other Duties, etc. 80 92 
 10.9 Reserved . 80 92 
 10.10 Authorization to Release Guarantors. 80 92 
 (iv) 

10.11 No Reliance on Administrative Agent's Customer Identification Program. 80 92 
 10.12 ERISA Matters. 93 
 10.13 Erroneous Payments. 94 
 11. MISCELLANEOUS 81 97 
 11.1 Modifications, Amendments or Waivers. 81 97 
 11.1.1 Increase of Commitment. 81 97 
 11.1.2 Extension of Payment Reduction of Principal, Interest or Fees Modification of Terms of Payment. 81 97 
 11.1.3 Release of Guarantor. 81 98 
 11.1.4 Miscellaneous. 81 98 
 11.2 No Implied Waivers Cumulative Remedies. 82 98 
 11.3 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver. 82 99 
 11.3.1 Costs and Expenses. 82 99 
 11.3.2 Indemnification by the Loan Parties. 83 99 
 11.3.3 Reimbursement by Lenders. 84 100 
 11.3.4 Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. 84 100 
 11.3.5 Payments. 84 101 
 11.4 Holidays. 84 101 
 11.5 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communication. 84 101 
 11.5.1 Notices Generally. 84 101 
 11.5.2 Electronic Communications. 85 101 
 11.5.3 Change of Address, Etc. 85 102 
 11.6 Severability. 85 102 
 11.7 Duration Survival. 85 102 
 11.8 Successors and Assigns. 86 102 
 11.8.1 Successors and Assigns Generally. 86 102 
 11.8.2 Assignments by Lenders. 86 103 
 11.8.3 Register. 88 105 
 11.8.4 Participations. 88 105 
 11.8.5 Certain Pledges Successors and Assigns Generally. 89 106 
 11.9 Confidentiality. 89 106 
 11.9.1 General. 89 106 
 11.9.2 Sharing Information With Affiliates of the Lenders. 90 107 
 11.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness. 91 107 
 11.11 CHOICE OF LAW SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION WAIVER OF VENUE SERVICE OF PROCESS WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 91 107 
 11.11.1 Governing Law. 91 107 
 11.11.2 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. 91 108 
 11.11.3 WAIVER OF VENUE. 92 108 
 11.11.4 SERVICE OF PROCESS. 92 108 
 11.11.5 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 92 109 
 11.12 USA Patriot Act Notice. 92 109 
 11.13 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Affected Financial Institutions. 92 109 
 
 (v) 

LIST OF SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 
 SCHEDULES 
 SCHEDULE 1.1(A) - PRICING GRID 
 SCHEDULE 1.1(B) - COMMITMENTS OF LENDERS AND ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES 
 SCHEDULE 1.1(E) - EXISTING LETTERS OF CREDIT 
 SCHEDULE 1.1(P) - PERMITTED LIENS 
 SCHEDULE 1.1(S) - EXCLUDED SUBSIDIARIES 
 SCHEDULE 6.1.3 - SUBSIDIARIES 
 SCHEDULE 8.2.1 - PERMITTED INDEBTEDNESS 
 EXHIBITS 
 EXHIBIT 1.1(A) - ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 
 EXHIBIT 1.1(N)(1) - REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE 
 EXHIBIT 1.1(N)(2) - SWING LOAN NOTE 
 EXHIBIT 2.5.1 - LOAN REQUEST 
 EXHIBIT 2.5.2 - SWING LOAN REQUEST 
 EXHIBIT 5.9.7(A) - U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 EXHIBIT 5.9.7 (B) - U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 EXHIBIT 5.9.7 (C) - U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 EXHIBIT 5.9.7 (D) - U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 EXHIBIT 8.2.4 - ACQUISITION COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 EXHIBIT 8.3.3 - QUARTERLY COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
 (vi) 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT (as hereafter amended, modified, supplemented or restated, this Agreement is dated as of October 15, 2018 and is made by and among GENTEX CORPORATION, a Michigan corporation (the Borrower ), each of the GUARANTORS (as hereinafter defined), the LENDERS (as hereinafter defined), and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders under this Agreement (hereinafter referred to in such capacity as the Administrative Agent ). 
 The Borrower has requested the Lenders to provide a revolving credit facility to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 150,000,000 250,000,000 , subject to increase as set forth in Section 2.10 Additional Commitment hereof. In consideration of their mutual covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows 
 1. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 1.a Certain Definitions. 
 In addition to words and terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following words and terms shall have the following meanings, respectively, unless the context hereof clearly requires otherwise 
 Additional Commitment shall have the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.10 Additional Commitment . 
 Additional Lender shall have the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.10 Additional Commitment . 
 Administrative Agent shall mean PNC Bank, National Association, and its successors and assigns, in its capacity as administrative agent hereunder. 
 Affected Financial Institution shall mean (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate as to any Person shall mean any other Person (i) which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Person, (ii) which beneficially owns or holds 10 or more of any class of the voting or other equity interests of such Person, or (iii) 10 or more of any class of voting interests or other equity interests of which is beneficially owned or held, directly or indirectly, by such Person. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether by contract or otherwise. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws shall mean the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and any other similar anti-corruption Laws or regulations administered or enforced in any jurisdiction in which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries conduct business. 
 Anti-Terrorism Laws shall mean any Laws relating Law in force or hereinafter enacted related to terrorism, trade sanctions programs and embargoes, import export licensing, money laundering , or bribery, and any regulation, order, or directive promulgated, issued or enforced pursuant to such Laws, all as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time economic sanctions, including the 

Bank Secrecy Act, 31 U.S.C. 5311 et seq., the USA PATRIOT Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1701, et seq., the Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. App. 1, et seq., 18 U.S.C. 2332d, and 18 U.S.C. 2339B . 
 Applicable Commitment Fee Rate shall mean the percentage rate per annum based on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio then in effect according to the pricing grid on Schedule 1.1(A) below the heading Commitment Fee. 
 Applicable Letter of Credit Fee Rate shall mean the percentage rate per annum based on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio then in effect according to the pricing grid on Schedule 1.1(A) below the heading Letter of Credit Fee. 
 Applicable Margin shall mean, as applicable 
 (1) the percentage spread to be added to the Base Rate applicable to Loans under the Base Rate Option based on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio then in effect according to the pricing grid on Schedule 1.1(A) below the heading Base Rate Spread , or 
 (2) the percentage spread to be added to the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate applicable to Loans under the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option based on the Consolidated Leverage Ratio then in effect according to the pricing grid on Schedule 1.1(A) below the heading LIBOR Rate Spread . 
 Approved Fund shall mean any fund that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business and that is administered or managed by (i) a Lender, (ii) an Affiliate of a Lender or (iii) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement shall mean an assignment and assumption agreement entered into by a Lender and an assignee permitted under Section 11.8 Successors and Assigns , in substantially the form of Exhibit 1.1(A) . 
 Authorized Officer shall mean, with respect to any Loan Party, the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer of such Loan Party, any manager or the members (as applicable) in the case of any Loan Party which is a limited liability company, or such other individuals, designated by written notice to the Administrative Agent from the Borrower, authorized to execute notices, reports and other documents on behalf of such Loan Party required hereunder. The Borrower may amend such list of individuals from time to time by giving written notice of such amendment to the Administrative Agent. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor of such Benchmark 
 2 

that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (iv) of Section 4.4.4 Benchmark Replacement Setting . 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law , regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings) . 
 Base Rate shall mean, for any day, a fluctuating per annum rate of interest equal to the highest of (i) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, plus 0.5 , (ii) the Prime Rate, or (iii) the Daily LIBOR Rate Simple SOFR , plus 100 basis points (1.0 , so long as Daily Simple SOFR is offered, ascertainable and not unlawful provided, however, if the Base Rate as determined above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero . Any change in the Base Rate (or any component thereof) shall take effect at the opening of business on the day such change occurs. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in the case of any event specified in Section 4.4.1 Unascertainable Increased Costs or Section 4.4.2 Illegality , to the extent any such determination affects the calculation of Base Rate, the definition hereof shall be calculated without reference to clause (iii) until the circumstances giving rise to such event no longer exist. 
 Base Rate Option shall mean the option of the Borrower to have Loans bear interest at the rate and under the terms set forth in Section 4.1.1(i) Base Rate Option . 
 Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 4.4.4 Benchmark Replacement Setting . 
 Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date 
 (1) the sum of (A) Daily Simple SOFR and (B) the SOFR Adjustment for a 1-month Interest Period 
 (2) the sum of (A) the alternate benchmark rate that has been reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, giving due consideration to (x) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (y) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark 
 3 

rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 provided that if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and provided further, that any Benchmark Replacement shall be administratively feasible as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (1)in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (A) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (B) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2)in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall promptly follow the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, the occurrence of one or more of the following events, with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
 4 

publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by an Official Body having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or an Official Body having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 4.4.4 Benchmark Replacement Setting and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 4.4.4 Benchmark Replacement Setting . 
 Beneficial Owner shall mean each of the following (a) each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, owns 25 or more of such Borrower s equity interests and (b) a single individual with significant responsibility to control, manage, or direct the Borrower. 
 Benefit Plan shall mean any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Borrower shall have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph. 
 5 

Borrowing Date shall mean, with respect to any Loan, the date for the making thereof or the renewal or conversion thereof at or to the same or a different Interest Rate Option, which shall be a Business Day. 
 Borrowing Tranche shall mean specified portions of Loans outstanding as follows (i) any Loans to which a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option applies which become subject to the same Interest Rate Option under the same Loan Request by the Borrower and which have the same Interest Period shall constitute one Borrowing Tranche, and (ii) all Loans to which a Base Rate Option applies shall constitute one Borrowing Tranche. 
 Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banks are authorized or required to be closed , or are in fact closed, for business in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and if provided that, when used in connection with an amount that bears interest at a rate based on SOFR or any direct or indirect calculation or determination of SOFR, the applicable term Business Day relates to means any Loan to which the LIBOR Rate Option applies, such day must that is also be a day on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market U.S. Government Securities Business Day . 
 Business Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning specified in the Acquisition Agreement. 
 Capital Stock shall mean any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation) and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing. 
 Cash Collateralize shall mean, to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the Issuing Lender or the Lenders, as collateral for Letter of Credit Obligations or obligations of Lenders to fund participations in respect of Letter of Credit Obligations, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent and each applicable Issuing Lender shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each applicable Issuing Lender. Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
 Cash Management Agreements shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.6.6 Swing Loans Under Cash Management Agreements . 
 Casualty Event shall mean an event that gives rise to the receipt by any of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries of any property or casualty insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of any personal or real property. 
 CEA shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Certificate of Beneficial Ownership shall mean a certificate in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent (as amended or modified by Administrative Agent from time to time in its sole discretion) certifying, among other things, the Beneficial Owner of the Borrower. 
 6 

CFTC shall mean the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
 Change in Law shall mean the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (i) the adoption or taking effect of any Law, (ii) any change in any Law or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Official Body or (iii) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of Law) by any Official Body provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (a) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith (whether or not having the force of Law) and (b) all requests, rules, regulations, guidelines, interpretations or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities (whether or not having the force of Law), in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. 
 Change of Control shall mean (i) any person or group (as such terms are used in Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), shall have acquired beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13(d)-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 30 of the Capital Stock of the Borrower, or (ii) the board of directors of the Borrower shall cease to consist of a majority of Continuing Directors. 
 CIP Regulations shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.11 No Reliance on Administrative Agent's Customer Identification Program . 
 Closing Date shall mean the Business Day on which the first Loan shall be made, which shall be October 15, 2018. 
 Closing Date Compliance Certificate shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.1.1(vi) Deliveries . 
 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, and any successor statute of similar import, and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect. 
 Commitment shall mean as to any Lender, its Revolving Credit Commitment and, in the case of PNC, its Swing Loan Commitment, and Commitments shall mean the aggregate of the Revolving Credit Commitments and Swing Loan Commitment of all of the Lenders. 
 Commitment Fee shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.3 Commitment Fees . 
 Compliance Authority shall mean each and all of (a) U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control , (b) U.S. Treasury Department Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, (c) U.S. State Department Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, (d) U.S. Commerce Department Bureau of Industry and Security, (e) U.S. Internal Revenue Service, (f) U.S. Justice Department and (g) U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 7 

Compliance Certificate shall have the meaning specified in Section 8.3.3 Certificate of the Borrower . 
 Conforming Changes shall mean, with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of the Term SOFR Rate or such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the Term SOFR Rate or the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Connection Income Taxes shall mean Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consideration shall mean with respect to any Permitted Acquisition, the aggregate of (i) the cash paid by any of the Loan Parties, directly or indirectly, to the seller in connection therewith and (ii) the Indebtedness incurred or assumed by any of the Loan Parties, whether in favor of the seller or otherwise and whether fixed or contingent. 
 Consolidated EBITDA shall mean, for any period of determination, (i) the sum of net income, depreciation, amortization, other non-cash charges to net income, interest expense, income tax expense, unusual and non-recurring losses, charges or expenses (including in connection with this Agreement and the Acquisition which are expensed and not capitalized in an amount not to exceed 7,500,000) and extraordinary losses, minus (ii) non-cash credits to net income and extraordinary gains, in each case of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined and consolidated in accordance with GAAP, provided, however that for the purposes of this definition, if at any time during such period, (1) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries purchases or acquires all or substantially all of the ownership interests of another Person, or purchases or acquires (in one transaction or a series of transactions) assets of another Person that constitute a business unit or all or a substantial part of the business of, such Person (each, an Acquisition ), Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such Acquisition occurred on the first day of such period and after giving pro forma effect to any adjustments (including, without limitation, operating and expense reductions) as would be permitted to be reflected in pro forma financial information complying with the requirements of Article 11 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and the interpretations of the SEC thereunder) and (2) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries disposes of a Subsidiary or assets that constitute a business unit or all or a substantial part of the business of a Subsidiary of the Borrower, Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated in accordance with GAAP as if such disposition had been consummated at the beginning of such period. 
 Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio shall mean, for any period, the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Expense for such period. 
 8 

Consolidated Interest Expense shall mean, for any period, total cash interest expense (including the interest component of capitalized leases) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of the foregoing, gross interest expense shall be determined after giving effect to any net payments received or paid by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries under interest rate protection agreements, the effect of which is required to be reflected in the Borrower's income statement under Interest Expense . 
 Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall mean, for any date of determination, the ratio of Consolidated Total Indebtedness as of such date to Consolidated EBITDA for the most recent period of four (4) fiscal quarters then ended. 
 Consolidated Total Assets shall mean the total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as determined and consolidated in accordance with GAAP, as shown on the most recent balance sheet of the Borrower delivered pursuant to Section 8.3.1 Quarterly Financial Statements or Section 8.3.2 Annual Financial Statements provided that for purposes of determining compliance of a transaction with any restriction set forth in Section 8.2 Negative Covenants that is based on a specified percentage of Consolidated Total Assets, compliance of such transaction with the applicable restriction shall be determined solely with reference to Consolidated Total Assets as determined in this definition as of the date of such transaction. 
 Consolidated Total Indebtedness shall mean, for any date of determination, the consolidated Indebtedness as of such day provided, however that Consolidated Total Indebtedness shall exclude net obligations under a Hedge Agreement (inclusive of any mark to market adjustment not requiring any actual cash payment or settlement). 
 Covered Entity shall mean (a) the Borrower, each of Borrower's Subsidiaries, all Guarantors and all pledgors of collateral (if any), and (b) each Person that, directly or indirectly, is in control of a Person described in clause (a) above. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the direct or indirect (x) ownership of, or power to vote, 25 or more of the issued and outstanding equity interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or other Persons performing similar functions for such Person, or (y) power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by ownership of equity interests, contract or otherwise. 
 Continuing Directors shall mean the directors of the Borrower on the Closing Date and each other director, if, in each case, such other director's nomination for election to the board of directors of the Borrower is recommended by at least a majority of the then Continuing Directors. 
 Daily LIBOR Rate Simple SOFR shall mean, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day , the interest rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent by dividing x) the Published Rate resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Administrative Agent s discretion, to the nearest 1 100th of 1 (A) SOFR for the day (the SOFR Determination Date that is 2 Business Days prior to (i) such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is a Business Day or (ii) the Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is not a Business Day, by y B a number equal to 1.00 minus the LIBOR SOFR Reserve Percentage on , in each case, as such day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source identified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or its successor administrator for the secured overnight financing rate from time to time. 
 9 

If Daily LIBOR Rate Simple SOFR as determined above would be less than zero (0.00), such rate the SOFR Floor, then Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be zero (0.00) for purposes of this Agreement the SOFR Floor. If SOFR for any SOFR Determination Date has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5 00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the second Business Day immediately following such SOFR Determination Date, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR for the first Business Day preceding such SOFR Determination Date for which SOFR was published in accordance with the definition of SOFR provided that SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be used for purposes of calculating Daily Simple SOFR for no more than 3 consecutive SOFR Rate Days. If and when Daily Simple SOFR as determined above changes, any applicable rate of interest based on Daily Simple SOFR will change automatically without notice to the Borrower, effective on the date of any such change . 
 Debtor Relief Laws shall mean the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Defaulting Lender shall mean subject to Section 2.11.2 Defaulting Lender Cure , any Lender that (a) has failed , to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Loans or (iii) pay over to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, PNC (as the Swing Loan Lender) or any Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder , hereunder unless , in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender ' s good faith determination that a condition one or more conditions precedent to funding each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified and including the particular default, if any in such writing has not been satisfied , or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swing Loan Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due , (b) has notified the Borrower or , the Administrative Agent , the Issuing Lender or the Swing Loan Lender in writing , or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement hereunder , or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement indicates relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender ' s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit , (c) has failed, within two three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, acting in good faith, to provide a certification to confirm in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swing Loans under this 
 10 

Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the Administrative Agent's or the Borrower's receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to written confirmation by the Administrative Agent or and the Borrower , as the case may be , or (d) has become the subject of a Bankruptcy Event , or (e) has failed at any time to comply with the provisions of Section 5.3 Sharing of Payments by Lenders with respect to purchasing participations from the other Lenders, whereby such Lender's share of any payment received, whether by setoff or otherwise, is in excess of its Ratable Share of such payments due and payable to all of the Lenders. 
 As used in this definition and in Section 2.11 Defaulting Lenders , the term Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person or such Person's a direct or indirect parent company becoming that has, (i) become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding , or having under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver , custodian , conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or assets , in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in , any such proceeding or appointment, a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-in Action provided that a Bankruptcy Event Lender shall not result be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of any the ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership equity interest , in such Person that Lender or such Person's any direct or indirect parent company thereof by an Official Body or instrumentality thereof if, and only if, so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person Lender (or such Official Body or instrumentality to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.11.2 Defaulting Lender Cure upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, the Issuing Lender, the Swing Loan Lender and each Lender. . 
 Dollar, Dollars, U.S. Dollars and the symbol shall mean lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Subsidiary shall mean any Subsidiary that is organized under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 Drawing Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.9.3 Disbursements, Reimbursement . 
 Eastern Time shall mean standard time in the fifth time zone west of Greenwich, reckoned at the 75 th meridian, used in the eastern United States. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country 
 11 

which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date shall mean the date indicated in a document or agreement to be the date on which such document or agreement becomes effective, or, if there is no such indication, the date of execution of such document or agreement. 
 Eligible Contract Participant shall mean an eligible contract participant as defined in the CEA and regulations thereunder. 
 Eligibility Date shall mean, with respect to each Loan Party and each Swap, the date on which this Agreement or any other Loan Document becomes effective with respect to such Swap (for the avoidance of doubt, the Eligibility Date shall be the Effective Date of such Swap if this Agreement or any other Loan Document is then in effect with respect to such Loan Party, and otherwise it shall be the Effective Date of this Agreement and or such other Loan Document(s) to which such Loan Party is a party). 
 Embargoed Property shall mean any property (a) beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by a Sanctioned Person (b) that is due to or from a Sanctioned Person (c) in which a Sanctioned Person otherwise holds any interest (d) that is located in a Sanctioned Jurisdiction or (e) that otherwise would cause any actual or possible violation by the Lenders, Administrative Agent, or Collateral Agent of any applicable Anti-Terrorism Law if the Lenders were to obtain an encumbrance on, lien on, pledge of, or security interest in such property, or provide services in consideration of such property. 
 Environmental Laws shall mean all applicable federal, state, local, tribal, territorial and foreign Laws (including common law), constitutions, statutes, treaties, regulations, rules, ordinances and codes and any consent decrees, settlement agreements, judgments, orders, directives, policies or programs issued by or entered into with an Official Body pertaining or relating to (i) pollution or pollution control (ii) protection of human health from exposure to regulated substances (iii) protection of the environment and or natural resources (iv) employee safety in the workplace (v) the presence, use, management, generation, manufacture, processing, extraction, treatment, recycling, refining, reclamation, labeling, packaging, sale, transport, storage, collection, distribution, disposal or release or threat of release of regulated substances (vi) the presence of contamination (vii) the protection of endangered or threatened species and (viii) the protection of environmentally sensitive areas. 
 ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, and any successor 
 12 

statute of similar import, and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect. 
 ERISA Event shall mean (a) with respect to a Pension Plan, a reportable event under Section 4043 of ERISA as to which event (after taking into account notice waivers provided for in the regulations) there is a duty to give notice to the PBGC (b) a withdrawal by Borrower or any member of the ERISA Group from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by Borrower or any member of the ERISA Group from a Multiemployer Plan, notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization, or occurrence of an event described in Section 4041A(a) of ERISA that results in the termination of a Multiemployer Plan (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041(e) of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or (f Multiemployer Plan (f) the determination that any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430.431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA or (g the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon Borrower or any member of the ERISA Group. 
 ERISA Group shall mean, at any time, the Borrower and all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control and all other entities which, together with the Borrower, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA. 
 Erroneous Payment shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.13(a). 
 Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.13(d). 
 Erroneous Payment Impacted Class shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.13(d). 
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.13(d). 
 Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.13(d). 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule shall mean the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default shall mean any of the events described in Section 9.1 Events of Default and referred to therein as an Event of Default. 
 13 

Exchange Act shall have the meaning assigned to that term in the definition of Change of Control. 
 Excluded Hedge Liability or Liabilities shall mean, with respect to each Loan Party, each of its Swap Obligations if, and only to the extent that, all or any portion of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that relates to such Swap Obligation is or becomes illegal under the CEA, or any rule, regulation or order of the CFTC, solely by virtue of such Loan Party's failure to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date for such Swap. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing or in any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the foregoing is subject to the following provisos (a) if a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one Swap, this definition shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swaps for which such guaranty or security interest is or becomes illegal under the CEA, or any rule, regulations or order of the CFTC, solely as a result of the failure by such Loan Party for any reason to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date for such Swap, and (b) if there is more than one Loan Party executing this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and a Swap Obligation would be an Excluded Hedge Liability with respect to one or more of such Persons, but not all of them, the definition of Excluded Hedge Liability or Liabilities with respect to each such Person shall only be deemed applicable to (i) the particular Swap Obligations that constitute Excluded Hedge Liabilities with respect to such Person, and (ii) the particular Person with respect to which such Swap Obligations constitute Excluded Hedge Liabilities. 
 Excluded Subsidiaries shall mean (i) Immaterial Subsidiaries, (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary of the Borrower, (iii) any direct or indirect Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary, if such Foreign Subsidiary is a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code (a, CFC and (iv) any direct or indirect Subsidiary that is treated as a disregarded entity or as a partnership for United States Federal income tax purposes and substantially all of whose assets consist directly or indirectly of Equity Interests and or Indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs. The Excluded Subsidiaries are not required to join this Agreement as Guarantors. 
 Excluded Taxes shall mean any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (i) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (a) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (b) that are Other Connection Taxes, (ii) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (a) such Lender acquires such interest in such Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 5.6.2 Replacement of a Lender or (b) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 5.9.7 Status of Lenders , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (iii) Taxes attributable to such Recipient's failure to comply with Section 
 14 

5.9.7 Status of Lenders , and (iv) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA . (except to the extent imposed due to the failure of the Borrower to provide documentation or information to the IRS . 
 Executive Order No. 13224 shall mean the Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001, as the same has been, or shall hereafter be, renewed, extended, amended or replaced. 
 Existing Letters of Credit shall mean the letters of credit set forth on Schedule 1.1(E). 
 Expiration Date shall mean, with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitments, October 15 February 21 , 2023 2026 . 
 FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate for any day shall mean the rate per annum (based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed and rounded upward to the nearest 1 100 of 1 announced by the NYFRB (or any successor) on such day as being the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions arranged by federal funds brokers on the previous trading day, as computed and announced by such Federal Reserve Bank (or any successor) in substantially the same manner as such Federal Reserve Bank computes and announces the weighted average it refers to as the Federal Funds Effective Rate as of the date of this Agreement provided , if such Federal Reserve Bank (or its successor) does not announce such rate on any day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be the Federal Funds Effective Rate for the last day on which such rate was announced. 
 Financial Service Product shall mean agreements or other arrangements to provide any of the following products or services to any of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (a) credit cards, (b) credit card processing services, (c) debit cards, (d) purchase cards, (e) ACH transactions or (f) cash management, including controlled disbursement, accounts or services. 
 First Amendment Effective Date shall mean February 21, 2023. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or, if no floor is specified, zero. 
 Foreign Currency Hedge shall mean any foreign exchange transaction, including spot and forward foreign currency purchases and sales, listed or over-the-counter options on foreign currencies, non-deliverable forwards and options, foreign currency swap agreements, currency exchange rate price hedging arrangements, and any other similar transaction providing for the purchase of one currency in exchange for the sale of another currency. 
 15 

Foreign Currency Hedge Liabilities shall have the meaning assigned in the definition of Lender Provided Foreign Currency Hedge. 
 Foreign Lender shall mean (i) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (ii) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the Laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 Foreign Subsidiary shall mean any direct or indirect Subsidiary which is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 Fronting Exposure shall mean, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to the Issuing Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Ratable Share of the outstanding Letter of Credit Obligations with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Lender other than Letter of Credit Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to any Swing Loan Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Ratable Share of outstanding Swing Loans made by such Swing Loan Lender other than Swing Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders. 
 GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles as are in effect from time to time, subject to the provisions of Section 1.3 Accounting Principles Changes in GAAP , and applied on a consistent basis both as to classification of items and amounts. 
 Guarantor shall mean each Person which joins this Agreement as a Guarantor after the date hereof, provided, in no event shall a Guarantor be an Excluded Subsidiary. 
 Guarantor Joinder shall mean a joinder by a Person as a Guarantor under the Loan Documents in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Guaranty of any Person shall mean any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or in effect guaranteeing any liability or obligation of any other Person in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any agreement to indemnify or hold harmless any other Person, any performance bond or other suretyship arrangement and any other form of assurance against loss, except endorsement of negotiable or other instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business. 
 Guaranty Agreement shall mean a Continuing Agreement of Guaranty and Suretyship in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent executed and delivered by each of the Guarantors to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders. 
 Hedge Agreements shall mean foreign exchange agreements, currency swap agreements, interest rate exchange, collar, cap, swap, adjustable strike cap, adjustable strike corridor agreements or similar hedging agreements entered into by the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes. 
 16 

Hedge Liabilities shall mean collectively, the Foreign Currency Hedge Liabilities and the Interest Rate Hedge Liabilities. 
 ICC shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.11.1 Governing Law . 
 Immaterial Subsidiaries shall mean (i) Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 1.1(S) and (ii) any Subsidiary that does not, as of the last day of the most recently completed fiscal quarter of the Borrower, (A) have assets with a value in excess of 5.0 of the Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries provided that if the aggregate assets then owned by all Subsidiaries of the Borrower that would otherwise constitute Immaterial Subsidiaries shall have a value in excess of 10.0 of the Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such fiscal quarter, the Borrower shall redesignate one or more of such Subsidiaries to not be Immaterial Subsidiaries within ten (10) Business Days after delivery of the Compliance Certificate for such fiscal quarter such that only those such Subsidiaries as shall then have aggregate assets of less than 10.0 of the Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall constitute Immaterial Subsidiaries, or (B) represent more than 5.0 of the Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries provided that if the aggregate amount of Consolidated EBITDA represented by all Subsidiaries of the Borrower that would otherwise constitute Immaterial Subsidiaries shall have a value in excess of 10.0 of Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such fiscal quarter, the Borrower shall redesignate one or more of such Subsidiaries to not be Immaterial Subsidiaries within ten (10) Business Days after delivery of the Compliance Certificate for such fiscal quarter such that only those such Subsidiaries as shall represent aggregate Consolidated EBITDA of less than 10.0 of the Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall constitute Immaterial Subsidiaries. 
 Incremental Facility Amendment shall have the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.10 Additional Commitment . 
 Incremental Facility Closing Date shall have the meaning assigned to that term in Section 2.10 Additional Commitment . 
 Indebtedness shall mean, as to any Person at any time, any and all indebtedness, obligations or liabilities (whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or joint or several) of such Person for or in respect of (i) borrowed money, (ii) amounts raised under or liabilities in respect of any note purchase or acceptance credit facility, (iii) reimbursement obligations (contingent or otherwise) under any letter of credit or Hedge Agreement (A) in the case of a Hedge Agreement that has been closed out, in an amount equal to the termination value thereof and (B) in the case of a Hedge Agreement that has not been closed out, in an amount equal to the mark to market value thereof determined on the basis of readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Hedge Agreements, (iv) any other transaction (including forward sale or purchase agreements, capitalized leases and conditional sales agreements) having the commercial effect of a borrowing of money entered into by such Person to finance its operations or capital requirements (but not including to the extent not more than thirty (30) days past due (x) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business which are not represented by a promissory note or other evidence of indebtedness and (y) earn-out obligations and purchase price adjustments), or (v) any Guaranty of Indebtedness for borrowed money. 
 17 

Indemnified Taxes shall mean (i) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document, and (ii) to the extent not otherwise described in the preceding clause (i), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.3.2 Indemnification by the Loan Parties . 
 Information shall mean all information received from the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries relating to the Loan Parties or any of such Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries. 
 Insolvency Proceeding shall mean, with respect to any Person, (a) a case, action or proceeding with respect to such Person (i) before any court or any other Official Body under any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar Law now or hereafter in effect, or (ii) for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator, conservator (or similar official) of any Loan Party or otherwise relating to the liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or relief of such Person, or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, composition, marshaling of assets for creditors, or other, similar arrangement in respect of such Person's creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors undertaken under any Law. 
 Interest Period shall mean the period of time selected by the Borrower in connection with (and to apply to) any election permitted hereunder by the Borrower to have Revolving Credit Loans bear interest under the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option. Subject to the last sentence of this definition, such period shall be , in each case, subject to the availability thereof, one, two, three or six Months months . Such Interest Period shall commence on the effective date of such Interest Term SOFR Rate Option, which shall be (i) the Borrowing Date if the Borrower is requesting new Loans, or (ii) the date of renewal of or conversion to the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option if the Borrower is renewing or converting to the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option applicable to outstanding Loans. Notwithstanding the second sentence hereof (A) any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a date which is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, and (B) the Borrower shall not select, convert to or renew an Interest Period for any portion of the Loans that would end after the Expiration Date and (C) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period . 
 Interest Rate Hedge shall mean an interest rate exchange, collar, cap, swap, floor, adjustable strike cap, adjustable strike corridor, cross-currency swap or similar agreements entered into by any Loan Party in order to provide protection to, or minimize the impact upon, such Loan Party of increasing floating rates of interest applicable to Indebtedness. 
 Interest Rate Hedge Liabilities shall have the meaning assigned in the definition of Lender Provided Interest Rate Hedge. 
 18 

Interest Rate Option shall mean any LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option or Base Rate Option. 
 Investment shall mean, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment, loan or capital contribution by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Capital Stock of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guaranty or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or interest in, another Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit or all or a substantial part of the business of, such Person. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment less an amount equal to the aggregate repayments, interest, returns, profits, distributions, proceeds, fees and similar amounts actually received in cash or Permitted Investments (or actually converted into cash or Permitted Investments) by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to such Investment provided that such amount shall not exceed the original amount of such Investment. 
 IRS shall mean the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISP98 shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.11.1 Governing Law . 
 Issuing Lender shall mean PNC, in its individual capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and any other Lender that Borrower, Administrative Agent and such other Lender may agree may from time to time issue Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Joint Venture shall mean a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which any Person other than the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries holds, directly or indirectly, an equity interest. 
 Law shall mean any law(s) (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, opinion, issued guidance, release, ruling, order, executive order, injunction, writ, decree, bond, judgment, authorization or approval, lien or award of or any settlement arrangement by agreement, consent or otherwise with any Official Body, foreign or domestic. 
 Lender Provided Foreign Currency Hedge shall mean a Foreign Currency Hedge which is provided by any Lender or its Affiliate at the time such Foreign Currency Hedge is entered into and that (a) is documented in a standard International Swaps and Derivatives Association Master Agreement or another reasonable and customary manner, (b) provides for the method of calculating the reimbursable amount of the provider's credit exposure in a reasonable and customary manner, (c) is entered into for hedging (rather than speculative) purposes, and (d) such Lender or such Affiliate promptly notifies the Administrative Agent of the same. The liabilities owing to the provider of any Lender Provided Foreign Currency Hedge (the Foreign Currency Hedge Liabilities by any Loan Party that is party to such Lender Provided Foreign Currency Hedge shall, for purposes of this Agreement and all other Loan Documents be Obligations of such Person and of each other Loan Party, be guaranteed obligations under the Guaranty Agreement and otherwise treated as Obligations for purposes of the other Loan Documents, except to the extent constituting Excluded Hedge Liabilities of such Person. 
 19 

Lender Provided Interest Rate Hedge shall mean an Interest Rate Hedge which is provided by any Lender or its Affiliate at the time such Interest Rate Hedge is entered into and that (a) is documented in a standard International Swaps and Derivatives Association Master Agreement, or another reasonable and customary manner, (b) provides for the method of calculating the reimbursable amount of the provider's credit exposure in a reasonable and customary manner, (c) is entered into for hedging (rather than speculative) purposes, and (d) such Lender or such Affiliate promptly notifies the Administrative Agent of the same. The liabilities owing to the provider of any Lender Provided Interest Rate Hedge (the Interest Rate Hedge Liabilities by any Loan Party that is party to such Lender Provided Interest Rate Hedge shall, for purposes of this Agreement and all other Loan Documents be Obligations of such Person and of each other Loan Party, be guaranteed obligations under any Guaranty Agreement and otherwise treated as Obligations for purposes of the other Loan Documents, except to the extent constituting Excluded Hedge Liabilities of such Person. 
 Lenders shall mean the financial institutions named on Schedule 1.1(B) and their respective successors and assigns as permitted hereunder, each of which is referred to herein as a Lender. 
 Letter of Credit shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.9.1 Issuance of Letters of Credit . 
 Letter of Credit Borrowing shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.9.3 Disbursements, Reimbursement . 
 Letter of Credit Fee shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.9.2 Letter of Credit Fees . 
 Letter of Credit Obligation shall mean, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit on such date (if any Letter of Credit shall increase in amount automatically in the future, such aggregate amount available to be drawn shall currently give effect to any such future increase) plus the aggregate amount of Reimbursement Obligations and Letter of Credit Borrowings on such date. 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.9.1 Issuance of Letters of Credit . 
 LIBOR Rate shall mean, with respect to the Loans comprising any Borrowing Tranche to which the LIBOR Rate Option applies for any Interest Period, the interest rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1 100th of 1 per annum) (i) the rate which appears on the Bloomberg Page BBAM1 (or on such other substitute Bloomberg page that displays rates at which US dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market), or the rate which is quoted by another source selected by the Administrative Agent as an authorized information vendor for the purpose of displaying rates at which US dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market (for purposes of this definition, an Alternate Source ), at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period as the London interbank offered rate for U.S. Dollars for an amount comparable to such Borrowing Tranche and having a borrowing date and a maturity comparable to such Interest Period (or if there shall at any time, for any 
 20 

reason, no longer exist a Bloomberg Page BBAM1 (or any substitute page) or any Alternate Source, a comparable replacement rate determined by the Administrative Agent at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error)), by (ii a number equal to 1.00 minus the LIBOR Reserve Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the LIBOR Rate as determined under any method above would be less than zero (0.00), such rate shall be deemed to be zero (0.00) for purposes of this Agreement. 
 The LIBOR Rate shall be adjusted with respect to any Loan to which the LIBOR Rate Option applies that is outstanding on the effective date of any change in the LIBOR Reserve Percentage as of such effective date. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Borrower of the LIBOR Rate as determined or adjusted in accordance herewith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 LIBOR Rate Option shall mean the option of the Borrower to have Loans bear interest at the rate and under the terms set forth in Section 4.1.1(ii) LIBOR Rate Option . 
 LIBOR Reserve Percentage shall mean as of any day the maximum percentage in effect on such day, as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirements (including supplemental, marginal and emergency reserve requirements) with respect to eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency Liabilities ). 
 LIBOR Termination Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.4.4 Successor LIBOR Rate Index . 
 Lien shall mean any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, lien, security interest, charge or other encumbrance or security arrangement of any nature whatsoever, whether voluntarily or involuntarily given, including any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, and any assignment, deposit arrangement or lease intended as, or having the effect of, security. 
 LLC Division shall mean, in the event a Borrower or Guarantor is a limited liability company, (a) the division of any such Borrower or Guarantor into two or more newly formed limited liability companies (whether or not such Borrower or Guarantor is a surviving entity following any such division) pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any similar provision under any similar act governing limited liability companies organized under the Laws of any other State or Commonwealth or of the District of Columbia, or (b) the adoption of a plan contemplating, or the filing of any certificate with any applicable Official Body that results or may result in, any such division. 
 Loan Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Guaranty Agreement, the Notes, and any other instruments, certificates or documents delivered in connection herewith or therewith. 
 Loan Parties shall mean the Borrower and the Guarantors. 
 Loan Request shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.5 Revolving Credit Loan Requests Swing Loan Requests . 
 21 

Loans shall mean collectively and Loan shall mean separately all Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Loans, or any Revolving Credit Loan or Swing Loan. 
 Material Adverse Change shall mean any set of circumstances or events which (a) has or could reasonably be expected to have any material adverse effect whatsoever upon the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) is or could reasonably be expected to be material and adverse to the business, properties, assets, financial condition or results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (c) impairs materially or could reasonably be expected to impair materially the ability of the Loan Parties taken as a whole to duly and punctually pay or perform any of the Obligations, or (d) impairs materially or could reasonably be expected to impair materially the ability of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, to the extent permitted, to enforce their legal remedies pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 Month , with respect to an Interest Period under the LIBOR Rate Option, shall mean the interval between the days in consecutive calendar months numerically corresponding to the first day of such Interest Period. If any LIBOR Rate Interest Period begins on a day of a calendar month for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the month in which such Interest Period is to end, the final month of such Interest Period shall be deemed to end on the last Business Day of such final month 
 Minimum Collateral Amount shall mean, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances, an amount equal to 105 of the Fronting Exposure of the Issuing Lender with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time and (b) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender in their sole discretion . 
 Multiemployer Plan shall mean any employee pension benefit plan which is a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA and to which the Borrower or any member of the ERISA Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or, within the preceding five plan years, has made or had an obligation to make such contributions. 
 Non-Consenting Lender shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.1 Modifications, Amendments or Waivers . 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 Non-Qualifying Party shall mean any Loan Party that fails for any reason to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Effective Date of the applicable Swap. 
 Notes shall mean collectively, and Note shall mean separately, the promissory notes in the form of Exhibit 1.1(N)(1) evidencing the Revolving Credit Loans, and in the form of Exhibit 1.1(N)(2) evidencing the Swing Loan. 
 NYFRB shall mean the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 Obligation shall mean any obligation or liability of any of the Loan Parties, howsoever created, arising or evidenced, whether direct or indirect, absolute or 
 22 

contingent, now or hereafter existing, or due or to become due, under or in connection with (i) this Agreement, the Notes, the Letters of Credit or any other Loan Document whether to the Administrative Agent, any of the Lenders or their Affiliates or other Persons provided for under such Loan Documents, (ii) any Lender Provided Interest Rate Hedge, (iii) any Lender Provided Foreign Currency Hedge, or (iv) any Other Lender Provided Financial Service Product. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing, the Obligations shall not include any Excluded Hedge Liabilities. 
 OFAC shall mean the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 Official Body shall mean the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 
 Order shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.9.9 Liability for Acts and Omissions . 
 Other Connection Taxes shall mean, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient (or an agent or affiliate thereof) and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising solely from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Lender Provided Financial Service Product shall mean any Financial Service Product provided by any Lender or Affiliate of a Lender. 
 Other Taxes shall mean all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 5.6.2 Replacement of a Lender ). 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate shall mean, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurocurrency eurocurrency borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB, as set forth on its public website from time to time, and as published on the next succeeding Business Day as the overnight bank funding rate by the NYFRB (or by such other recognized electronic source (such as Bloomberg) selected by the Administrative Agent for the purpose of displaying such rate) provided, that if such day is not a Business Day, the Overnight Bank 
 23 

Funding Rate for such day shall be such rate on the immediately preceding Business Day provided, further, that if such rate shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist, a comparable replacement rate determined by the Administrative Agent at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). If the Overnight Bank Funding Rate determined as above would be less than zero, then such rate shall be deemed to be zero. The rate of interest charged shall be adjusted as of each Business Day based on changes in the Overnight Bank Funding Rate without notice to the Borrower. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 11.8.4 Participations . 
 Participant Register shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.8.4 Participations . 
 Participation Advance shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.9.3 Disbursements, Reimbursement . 
 Payment Date shall mean the last Business Day of each December, March, June and September after the date hereof commencing on December 31, 2018 and on the Expiration Date, or upon acceleration of the Notes. 
 Payment In Full and Paid in Full shall mean the payment in full in cash of the Loans and other Obligations hereunder (other than contingent obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and Obligations under Lender Provided Interest Rate Hedges, Lender Provided Foreign Currency Hedges and Other Lender Provided Financial Services Products), termination of the Commitments and expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit (unless the Letter of Credit Obligations related thereto have been cash collateralized or back-stopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Lender). 
 PBGC shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA or any successor. 
 Pension Plan shall mean at any time an employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) (including a multiple employer plan as described in Sections 4063 and 4064 of ERISA, but not a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 or Section 430 of the Code and either (i) is sponsored, maintained or contributed to by any member of the ERISA Group for employees of any member of the ERISA Group or (ii) has at any time within the preceding five years been sponsored, maintained or contributed to by any entity which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group for employees of any entity which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group, or in the case of a multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years. 
 Permitted Acquisition shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.2.4 Loans and Investments . 
 Permitted Investments shall mean 
 (1) direct obligations of the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof or obligations backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America maturing in thirty-six (36) months or less from the date of acquisition 
 24 

(2) commercial paper maturing in 180 days or less rated not lower than A-1, by Standard & Poor's or P-1 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. on the date of acquisition 
 (3) demand deposits, time deposits or certificates of deposit maturing within seven (7) years in commercial banks whose obligations are rated A-1, A or the equivalent or better by Standard & Poor's on the date of acquisition 
 (4) money market or mutual funds whose investments are limited to those types of investments described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above 
 (5) long term investments consisting of investments described in the Borrower's written investment policy and 
 (6) investments made under the Cash Management Agreements or under cash management agreements with any other Lenders. 
 Permitted Liens shall mean 
 (1) Liens for taxes, assessments, or similar charges, incurred in the ordinary course of business and which are not yet due and payable 
 (2) Pledges or deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure payment of workmen's compensation, or to participate in any fund in connection with workmen's compensation, unemployment insurance, old-age pensions or other social security programs 
 (3) Liens of mechanics, materialmen, warehousemen, carriers, or other like Liens, securing obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business that are not yet due and payable and Liens of landlords securing obligations to pay lease payments that are not yet due and payable or in default 
 (4) Good-faith pledges or deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure performance of bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the repayment of borrowed money) or leases, not in excess of the aggregate amount due thereunder, or to secure statutory obligations, or surety, appeal, indemnity, performance or other similar bonds required in the ordinary course of business 
 (5) Encumbrances consisting of zoning restrictions, easements or other restrictions on the use of real property, none of which materially impairs the use of such property or the value thereof, and none of which is violated in any material respect by existing or proposed structures or land use 
 (6) Liens, security interests and mortgages in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders and their Affiliates securing the Obligations (including Lender Provided Interest Rate Hedges, Lender Provided Foreign Currency Hedges, and Other Lender Provided Financial Services Products) 
 (7) Any Lien existing on the date of this Agreement and described on Schedule 1.1(P) , provided that the principal amount secured thereby is not hereafter increased, and no additional assets become subject to such Lien 
 (8) Purchase Money Security Interests and capitalized leases provided that (i) the aggregate amount of loans and deferred payments secured by such Purchase Money Security Interests and capitalized leases shall not exceed 20,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding (excluding for the purpose of this computation any loans or deferred payments 
 25 

secured by Liens described on Schedule 1.1(P) ), and (ii) such Liens shall be limited to the assets acquired with such purchase money financing or leased pursuant to such capital lease 
 (9) Liens in favor of deposit banks arising as a matter of Law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution (including the right of set-off) and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to the financial institution's general terms and conditions 
 (10) Liens in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to exceed the greater of 30,000,000 or two percent (2 of Consolidated Total Assets 
 (11) Liens on any asset at the time the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries acquired such asset and Liens on the assets of a Person existing at the time such Person was acquired by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, including any acquisition by means of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or into the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries subject to the condition that (a) any such Lien may not extend to any other asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and (b) any such Lien shall not have been created in contemplation of or in connection with the transaction or series of transactions pursuant to which such asset or Person was acquired by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries 
 (12) Liens granted to equipment manufacturers in the ordinary course of business on equipment and 
 (13) The following, (A) if the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate and lawful proceedings diligently conducted so long as levy and execution thereon have been stayed and continue to be stayed or (B) if a final judgment is entered and such judgment is discharged within thirty (30) days of entry, and in either case they do not, in the aggregate, materially impair the ability of any Loan Party to perform its Obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents 
 ) claims or Liens for taxes, assessments or charges due and payable and subject to interest or penalty, provided that the applicable Loan Party maintains such reserves or other appropriate provisions as shall be required by GAAP and pays all such taxes, assessments or charges forthwith upon the commencement of proceedings to foreclose any such Lien 
 ) claims, Liens or encumbrances upon, and defects of title to, real or personal property, including any attachment of personal or real property or other legal process prior to adjudication of a dispute on the merits 
 ) claims or Liens of mechanics, materialmen, warehousemen, carriers, or other statutory nonconsensual Liens or 
 ) Liens resulting from final judgments or orders described in Section 9.1.7 Final Judgments or Orders . 
 Permitted Refinancing shall mean, with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of any Indebtedness of such Person provided that (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon plus other amounts paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such 
 26 

modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, (b) such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension has a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and has a weighted average life to maturity equal to or greater than the weighted average life to maturity of, the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, (c) if such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms acceptable to the Administrative Agent, but in no event less favorable to the Lenders than those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, and (d) such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension is incurred solely by the Person who is the obligor of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended. 
 Person shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, joint venture, government or political subdivision or agency thereof, or any other entity. 
 Plan shall mean any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan), maintained for employees of the Borrower or any member of the ERISA Group or any such Plan to which the Borrower or any member of the ERISA Group is required to contribute on behalf of any of its employees. 
 PNC shall mean PNC Bank, National Association, its successors and assigns. 
 Potential Default shall mean any event or condition which with notice or passage of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 
 Prime Rate shall mean the interest rate per annum announced from time to time by the Administrative Agent at its Principal Office as its then prime rate, which rate may not be the lowest or most favorable rate then being charged commercial borrowers or others by the Administrative Agent. Any change in the Prime Rate shall take effect at the opening of business on the day such change is announced. 
 Principal Office shall mean the main banking office of the Administrative Agent in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
 Published Rate shall mean the rate of interest published each Business Day in The Wall Street Journal Money Rates listing under the caption London Interbank Offered Rates for a one month period (or, if no such rate is published therein for any reason, then the Published Rate shall be the rate at which U.S. dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market for a one month period as published in another publication selected by the Administrative Agent). 
 Purchase Money Security Interest shall mean Liens upon tangible personal property securing loans to any Loan Party or Subsidiary of a Loan Party or deferred payments by such Loan Party or Subsidiary for the purchase of such tangible personal property. 
 27 

Qualified ECP Loan Party shall mean each Loan Party that on the Eligibility Date is (a) a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organization, trust, or other entity other than a commodity pool as defined in Section 1a(10) of the CEA and CFTC regulations thereunder that has total assets exceeding 10,000,000, or (b) an Eligible Contract Participant that can cause another person to qualify as an Eligible Contract Participant on the Eligibility Date under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the CEA by entering into or otherwise providing a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement for purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the CEA. 
 Ratable Share shall mean 
 (1) with respect to a Lender's obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans, participate in Letters of Credit and other Letter of Credit Obligations and Swing Loans, and receive payments, interest, and fees related thereto, the proportion that such Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment bears to the Revolving Credit Commitments of all of the Lenders, provided however that if the Revolving Credit Commitments have terminated or expired, the Ratable Shares for purposes of this clause shall be determined based upon the Revolving Credit Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments. 
 (2) with respect to all other matters as to a particular Lender, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) such Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment, by (ii) the sum of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders provided however that if the Revolving Credit Commitments have terminated or expired, the computation in this clause shall be determined based upon the Revolving Credit Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments, and not on the current amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments and provided further in the case of Section 2.11 Defaulting Lenders when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Ratable Share shall mean the percentage of the aggregate Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Lender's Commitment) represented by such Lender's Commitment. 
 Recipient shall mean (i) the Administrative Agent, (ii) any Lender and (iii) the Issuing Lender, as applicable. 
 Reimbursement Obligation shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.9.3 Disbursements, Reimbursement . 
 Related Parties shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Person's Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person's Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 Relief Proceeding shall mean any proceeding seeking a decree or order for relief in respect of any Loan Party or Subsidiary of a Loan Party in a voluntary or involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator, conservator (or similar official) of any Loan Party or Subsidiary of a Loan Party for any substantial part of its property, or for the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, or an assignment for the benefit of its creditors. 
 28 

Reportable Compliance Event shall mean that (a) any Covered Entity becomes a Sanctioned Person, or is charged by indictment, criminal complaint or similar charging instrument, arraigned, or custodially detained , penalized or the subject of an assessment for a penalty, or enters into a settlement with an Official Body in connection with any economic sanctions or other Anti-Terrorism Law or Anti-Corruption law, or any predicate crime to any Anti-Terrorism Law or Anti-Corruption law , or has knowledge of facts or circumstances to the effect that it is reasonably likely that any aspect of its operations is in actual or probable represents a violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law or Anti-Corruption Law (b) any Covered Entity engages in a transaction that has caused or may cause the Lenders or Administrative Agent to be in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law , including a Covered Entity s use of any proceeds of the Loans to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or, make any payments to, directly or indirectly, a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Jurisdiction or (c) any Covered Entity otherwise violates, or reasonably believes that it will violate, any of the representations or covenant (including any negative covenant) of this Agreement . 
 Required Lenders shall mean Lenders (other than any Defaulting Lender) having more than 50 of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders (excluding any Defaulting Lender) or, after the termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments, the outstanding Revolving Credit Loans and Ratable Share of Letter of Credit Obligations of the Lenders (excluding any Defaulting Lender). 
 Required Share shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.11 Settlement Date Procedures . 
 Resolution Authority shall mean an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer shall mean any Authorized Officer or any other senior officer of a Loan Party, including the chief executive officer, president, senior financial officer, vice president, treasurer, assistant treasurer, comptroller or general counsel of any Loan Party. 
 Revolving Credit Commitment shall mean, as to any Lender at any time, the amount initially set forth opposite its name on Schedule 1.1(B) in the column labeled Amount of Commitment for Revolving Credit Loans, as such Commitment is thereafter assigned or modified and Revolving Credit Commitments shall mean the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments of all of the Lenders. 
 Revolving Credit Loans shall mean collectively and Revolving Credit Loan shall mean separately all Revolving Credit Loans or any Revolving Credit Loan made by the Lenders or one of the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1 Revolving Credit Commitments or Section 2.9.3 Disbursements, Reimbursement . 
 Revolving Facility Usage shall mean at any time the sum of the amount of the outstanding Revolving Credit Loans, the outstanding Swing Loans, and the Letter of Credit Obligations. 
 29 

Sanctioned Country Jurisdiction shall mean a any country , territory, or region that is the subject to a of sanctions program maintained under any Anti-Terrorism Law administered by OFAC . 
 
 Sanctioned Person shall mean any individual person, group, regime, entity or thing listed or otherwise recognized as a specially designated, prohibited, sanctioned or debarred person, group, regime, entity or thing, or subject to any limitations or prohibitions (including but not limited to the blocking of property or rejection of transactions), under any Anti-Terrorism Law (a) a Person that is the subject of sanctions administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State State ), including by virtue of being (i) named on OFAC s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (ii) organized under the Laws of, ordinarily resident in, or physically located in a Sanctioned Jurisdiction (iii) owned or controlled 50 or more in the aggregate, by one or more Persons that are the subject of sanctions administered by OFAC (b) a Person that is the subject of sanctions maintained by the European Union E.U. ), including by virtue of being named on the E.U. s Consolidated list of persons, groups and entities subject to E.U. financial sanctions or other, similar lists (c) a Person that is the subject of sanctions maintained by the United Kingdom U.K. ), including by virtue of being named on the Consolidated List Of Financial Sanctions Targets in the U.K. or other, similar lists or (d) a Person that is the subject of sanctions imposed by any Official Body of a jurisdiction whose Laws apply to this Agreement . 
 Settlement Date shall mean the Business Day on which the Administrative Agent elects to effect settlement pursuant Section 5.11 Settlement Date Procedures . 
 Shares shall have the meaning assigned to that term in Section 6.1.2 Capitalization and Ownership . 
 SOFR shall mean, for any day, a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Adjustment shall mean10 basis points (0.10 ). 
 SOFR Floor shall mean a rate of interest per annum equal to zero basis points (0 ). 
 SOFR Reserve Percentage shall mean, for any day, the maximum effective percentage in effect on such day , if any , as prescribed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for determining the reserve requirements (including , without limitation, supplemental, marginal and emergency reserve requirements) with respect to SOFR funding. 
 Solvent shall mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, taking into account any right of reimbursement, contribution or similar right available to such Person from other Persons, that on such date (i) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (ii) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and 
 30 

matured, (iii) such Person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the normal course of business, (iv) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person's ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature, and (v) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person's property would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in which such Person is engaged. In computing the amount of contingent liabilities at any time, it is intended that such liabilities will be computed at the amount which, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 Specified Representations shall mean the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 6.1.1(i) (with respect to organizational existence only) and (iv), 6.1.4 Validity and Binding Effect , 6.1.8 Margin Stock , 6.1.15 Solvency and Section 6.1.16 Anti-Terrorism Laws . 
 Standard & Poor's shall mean Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 
 Statements shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.1.7(i) Historical Statements . 
 Subsidiary of any Person at any time shall mean any corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity (i) of which more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities or other interests normally entitled to vote for the election of one or more directors, managers or trustees (regardless of any contingency which does or may suspend or dilute the voting rights) is at such time owned directly or indirectly by such Person or one or more of such Person's Subsidiaries, or (ii) which is controlled or capable of being controlled by such Person or one or more of such Person's Subsidiaries. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 
 Subsidiary Equity Interests shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.1.3 Subsidiaries . 
 Swap shall mean any swap as defined in Section 1a(47) of the CEA and regulations thereunder, other than (a) a swap entered into, or subject to the rules of, a board of trade designated as a contract market under Section 5 of the CEA, or (b) a commodity option entered into pursuant to CFTC Regulation 32.3(a). 
 Swap Obligation shall mean any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a Swap which is also a Lender Provided Interest Rate Hedge or a Lender Provided Foreign Currency Hedge. 
 Swing Loan Commitment shall mean PNC's commitment to make Swing Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1.2 Swing Loan Commitment hereof in an aggregate principal amount up to 20,000,000. 
 Swing Loan Lende r shall mean PNC, in its capacity as a lender of Swing Loans. 
 31 

Swing Loan Note shall mean the Swing Loan Note of the Borrower in the form of Exhibit 1.1(N)(2) evidencing the Swing Loans, together with all amendments, extensions, renewals, replacements, refinancings or refundings thereof in whole or in part. 
 Swing Loan Request shall mean a request for Swing Loans made in accordance with Section 2.5.2 Swing Loan Requests hereof. 
 Swing Loans shall mean collectively and Swing Loan shall mean separately all Swing Loans or any Swing Loan made by PNC to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1.2 Swing Loan Commitment hereof. 
 Taxes shall mean all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or similar charges in the nature of a tax imposed by any Official Body, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term SOFR Administrator shall mean CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 Term SOFR Rate shall mean, with respect to any amount to which the Term SOFR Rate Option applies, for any Interest Period, the interest rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent by dividing (the resulting quotient rounded upwards, at the Administrative Agent s discretion, to the nearest 1 100th of 1 (A) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the day (the Term SOFR Determination Date that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, by (B a number equal to 1.00 minus the SOFR Reserve Percentage. If the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5 00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the Term SOFR Determination Date, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate, for purposes of clause (A) in the preceding sentence, shall be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor on the first Business Day preceding such Term SOFR Determination Date for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published in accordance herewith, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Date. If the Term SOFR Rate, determined as provided above, would be less than the SOFR Floor, then the Term SOFR Rate shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. The Term SOFR Rate shall be adjusted automatically without notice to the Borrower on and as of (i) the first day of each Interest Period, and (ii) the effective date of any change in the SOFR Reserve Percentage. 
 Term SOFR Rate Loan shall mean a Loan that bears interest based on Term SOFR Rate. 
 Term SOFR Rate Option shall mean the option of the Borrower to have Loans bear interest at the rate and under the terms specified in Section 4.1.1(ii) Term SOFR Rate Option . 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate shall mean the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 32 

UCP shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.11.1 Governing Law . 
 UK Financial Institution shall mean any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority shall mean the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 USA Patriot Act shall mean the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56, as the same has been, or shall hereafter be, renewed, extended, amended or replaced. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall mean any day except for (a) a Saturday or Sunday or (b) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person shall mean any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate shall have the meaning specified in Section 5.9.7 Status of Lenders . 
 Withholding Agent shall mean any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule , and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers . 
 1.a Construction. 
 Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise clearly requires, the following rules of construction shall apply to this Agreement and each of the other Loan 
 33 

Documents (i) references to the plural include the singular, the plural, the part and the whole and the words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation (ii) the words hereof, herein, hereunder, hereto and similar terms in this Agreement or any other Loan Document refer to this Agreement or such other Loan Document as a whole (iii) article, section, subsection, clause, schedule and exhibit references are to this Agreement or other Loan Document, as the case may be, unless otherwise specified (iv) reference to any Person includes such Person's successors and assigns (v) reference to any agreement, including this Agreement and any other Loan Document together with the schedules and exhibits hereto or thereto, document or instrument means such agreement, document or instrument as amended, modified, replaced, substituted for, superseded or restated (vi) relative to the determination of any period of time, from means from and including, to means to but excluding, and through means through and including (vii) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights, (viii) section headings herein and in each other Loan Document are included for convenience and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or such Loan Document, (ix) the word or is not exclusive, and (x) unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall constitute references to Eastern Time. 
 1.b Accounting Principles Changes in GAAP. 
 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all computations and determinations as to accounting or financial matters and all financial statements to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be made and prepared in accordance with GAAP (including principles of consolidation where appropriate), and all accounting or financial terms shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms by GAAP provided, however, that all accounting terms used in Section 8.2 Negative Covenants (and all defined terms used in the definition of any accounting term used in Section 8.2) shall have the meaning given to such terms (and defined terms) under GAAP as in effect on the date hereof applied on a basis consistent with those used in preparing Statements referred to in Section 6.1.7(i) Historical Statements . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that the Borrower wishes to amend any financial covenant in Section 8.2 of this Agreement, any related definition and or the definition of the term Consolidated Leverage Ratio for purposes of interest, Letter of Credit Fee and Commitment Fee determinations to eliminate the effect of any change in GAAP occurring after the Closing Date on the operation of such financial covenants and or interest, Letter of Credit Fee or Commitment Fee determinations (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower in writing that the Required Lenders wish to amend any financial covenant in Section 8.2, any related definition and or the definition of the term Consolidated Leverage Ratio for purposes of interest, Letter of Credit Fee and Commitment Fee determinations to eliminate the effect of any such change in GAAP), then the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratios or requirements to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders) provided that, until so amended, the Loan Parties' compliance with such covenants and or the definition of the term Consolidated Leverage Ratio for purposes of interest, Letter of Credit Fee and Commitment Fee determinations shall be determined on the basis of GAAP in effect immediately before the relevant change in GAAP became effective, until either such notice is withdrawn 
 34 

or such covenants or definitions are amended in a manner satisfactory to the Borrower and the Required Lenders, and the Loan Parties shall provide to the Administrative Agent, when they deliver their financial statements pursuant to Section 8.3.1 Quarterly Financial Statements and 8.3.2 Annual Financial Statements of this Agreement, such reconciliation statements as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 1.c Term SOFR Notification 
 Section 4.4.4 Benchmark Replacement Setting of this Agreement provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest in the event that the Term SOFR Rate is no longer available or in certain other circumstances. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to the Term SOFR Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate therefor. 
 2. REVOLVING CREDIT AND SWING LOAN FACILITIES 
 1.a Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 1.1.iRevolving Credit Loans. 
 Subject to the terms and conditions hereof and relying upon the representations and warranties herein set forth, each Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrower at any time or from time to time on or after the date hereof to the Expiration Date provided that after giving effect to each such Loan (i) the aggregate amount of Revolving Credit Loans from such Lender shall not exceed such Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment minus such Lender's Ratable Share of the outstanding Swing Loans and Letter of Credit Obligations, and (ii) the Revolving Facility Usage shall not exceed the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders. Within such limits of time and amount and subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow pursuant to this Section 2.1. 
 1.1.iiSwing Loan Commitment. 
 Subject to the terms and conditions hereof and relying upon the representations and warranties herein set forth, PNC shall make swing loans (the Swing Loans to the Borrower at any time or from time to time after the date hereof to, but not including, the Expiration Date, in an aggregate principal amount up to but not in excess of 20,000,000, provided that after giving effect to each such Loan, the Revolving Facility Usage shall not exceed the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders. Within such limits of time and amount and subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow pursuant to this Section 2.1.2. 
 1.b Nature of Lenders' Obligations with Respect to Revolving Credit Loans. 
 Each Lender shall be obligated to participate in each request for Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to Section 2.5 Revolving Credit Loan Requests Swing Loan Requests in accordance with its Ratable Share. The aggregate of each Lender's Revolving Credit Loans outstanding hereunder to the Borrower at any time shall never exceed its Revolving Credit Commitment minus its Ratable Share 
 35 

of the outstanding Swing Loans and Letter of Credit Obligations. The obligations of each Lender hereunder are several. The failure of any Lender to perform its obligations hereunder shall not affect the Obligations of the Borrower to any other party nor shall any other party be liable for the failure of such Lender to perform its obligations hereunder. The Lenders shall have no obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans hereunder on or after the Expiration Date. 
 1.c Commitment Fees. 
 Accruing from the date hereof until the Expiration Date, the Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender according to its Ratable Share, a nonrefundable commitment fee (the Commitment Fee equal to the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate (computed on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed) multiplied by the average daily difference for such day between the amount of (i) the Revolving Credit Commitments and minus (ii) the Revolving Facility Usage (provided however, that solely in connection with determining the share of each Lender in the Commitment Fee, the Revolving Facility Usage with respect to the portion of the Commitment Fee allocated to PNC shall include the full amount of the outstanding Swing Loans, and with respect to the portion of the Commitment Fee allocated by the Administrative Agent to all of the Lenders other than PNC, such portion of the Commitment Fee shall be calculated (according to each such Lender's Ratable Share) as if the Revolving Facility Usage excludes the outstanding Swing Loans) provided , further , that any Commitment Fee accrued with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitment of a Defaulting Lender during the period prior to the time such Lender became a Defaulting Lender and unpaid at such time shall not be payable by the Borrower so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender except to the extent that such Commitment Fee shall otherwise have been due and payable by the Borrower prior to such time and provided further that no Commitment Fee shall accrue with respect to the Revolving Credit Commitment of a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender. Subject to the proviso in the directly preceding sentence, all Commitment Fees shall be payable in arrears on each Payment Date. 
 1.d Termination or Reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 The Borrower shall have the right, upon not less than three (3) Business Days' notice to the Administrative Agent, to terminate the Revolving Credit Commitments or, from time to time, to reduce the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments (ratably among the Lenders in proportion to their Ratable Shares) provided that no such termination or reduction of Revolving Credit Commitments shall be permitted if, after giving effect thereto and to any prepayments of the Revolving Credit Loans made on the effective date thereof, the Revolving Facility Usage would exceed the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments of the Lenders. Any such reduction shall be in an amount equal to 5,000,000, or a whole multiple thereof, and shall reduce permanently the Revolving Credit Commitments then in effect. Any such reduction or termination shall be accompanied by prepayment of the Notes, together with outstanding Commitment Fees, and the full amount of interest accrued on the principal sum to be prepaid (and all amounts referred to in Section 5.10 Indemnity hereof) to the extent necessary to cause the aggregate Revolving Facility Usage after giving effect to such prepayments to be equal to or less than the Revolving Credit Commitments as so reduced or terminated. Any notice to reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments under this Section 2.4 shall be irrevocable. 
 36 

1.e Revolving Credit Loan Requests Swing Loan Requests. 
 1.1.iRevolving Credit Loan Requests. 
 Except as otherwise provided herein, the Borrower may from time to time prior to the Expiration Date request the Lenders to make Revolving Credit Loans, or renew or convert the Interest Rate Option applicable to existing Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to Section 4.2 Interest Periods , by delivering to the Administrative Agent, not later than 10 00 a.m., (i) three (3) Business Days prior to the proposed Borrowing Date with respect to the making of Revolving Credit Loans to which the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option applies or the conversion to or the renewal of the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option for any Loans and (ii) the same Business Day of the proposed Borrowing Date with respect to the making of a Revolving Credit Loan to which the Base Rate Option applies or the last day of the preceding Interest Period with respect to the conversion to the Base Rate Option for any Loan, of a duly completed request therefor substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.5.1 or a request by telephone promptly confirmed in writing by letter, facsimile, electronic mail or telex in such form (each, a Loan Request ), it being understood that the Administrative Agent may rely on the authority of any individual making such a telephonic request without the necessity of receipt of such written confirmation. Each Loan Request shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the proposed Borrowing Date (ii) the aggregate amount of the proposed Loans comprising each Borrowing Tranche, and, if applicable, the Interest Period, which amounts shall be in (x) integral multiples of 500,000 and not less than 1,000,000 for each Borrowing Tranche under the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option, and (y) integral multiples of 500,000 and not less than 1,000,000 for each Borrowing Tranche under the Base Rate Option. 
 1.1.iiSwing Loan Requests. 
 Except as otherwise provided herein, the Borrower may from time to time prior to the Expiration Date request the Swing Loan Lender to make Swing Loans by delivery to the Swing Loan Lender not later than 12 00 noon on the proposed Borrowing Date of a duly completed request therefor substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.5.2 hereto or a request by telephone promptly confirmed in writing by letter, facsimile, electronic mail or telex (each, a Swing Loan Request ), it being understood that the Administrative Agent may rely on the authority of any individual making such a telephonic request without the necessity of receipt of such written confirmation. Each Swing Loan Request shall be irrevocable and shall specify the proposed Borrowing Date and the principal amount of such Swing Loan, which shall be not less than 100,000. 
 1.f Making Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Loans Presumptions by the Administrative Agent Repayment of Revolving Credit Loans Borrowings to Repay Swing Loans. 
 1.1.iMaking Revolving Credit Loans. 
 The Administrative Agent shall, promptly after receipt by it of a Loan Request pursuant to Section 2.5 Revolving Credit Loan Requests Swing Loan Requests , notify the Lenders of its receipt of such Loan Request specifying the information provided by the Borrower and the apportionment among the Lenders of the requested Revolving Credit Loans as determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.2 Nature of Lenders' Obligations with Respect to 
 37 

Revolving Credit Loans . Each Lender shall remit the principal amount of each Revolving Credit Loan to the Administrative Agent such that the Administrative Agent is able to, and the Administrative Agent shall, to the extent the Lenders have made funds available to it for such purpose and subject to Section 7.2 Each Loan or Letter of Credit , fund such Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrower in U.S. Dollars and immediately available funds at the Principal Office prior to 2 00 p.m., on the applicable Borrowing Date provided that if any Lender fails to remit such funds to the Administrative Agent in a timely manner, the Administrative Agent may elect in its sole discretion to fund with its own funds, the Revolving Credit Loans of such Lender on such Borrowing Date, and such Lender shall be subject to the repayment obligation in Section 2.6.2 Presumptions by the Administrative Agent . 
 1.1.iiPresumptions by the Administrative Agent. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed time of any Loan that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender's share of such Loan, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.6.1 Making Revolving Credit Loans and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Loan available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Loans under the Base Rate Option. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Loan to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender's Loan. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 1.1.iiiMaking Swing Loans. 
 So long as PNC elects to make Swing Loans, PNC shall, after receipt by it of a Swing Loan Request pursuant to Section 2.5.2, Swing Loan Requests fund such Swing Loan to the Borrower in U.S. Dollars and immediately available funds at the Principal Office prior to 4 00 p.m. on the Borrowing Date. 
 1.1.ivRepayment of Revolving Credit Loans. 
 The Borrower shall repay the Revolving Credit Loans together with all outstanding interest thereon on the Expiration Date. 
 1.1.vBorrowings to Repay Swing Loans. 
 PNC may, at its option, exercisable at any time for any reason whatsoever, demand repayment of the Swing Loans, and each Lender shall make a Revolving Credit Loan in an amount equal to such Lender's Ratable Share of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Swing Loans, plus, if PNC so requests, 
 38 

accrued interest thereon, provided that no Lender shall be obligated in any event to make Revolving Credit Loans in excess of its Revolving Credit Commitment minus its Ratable Share of Letter of Credit Obligations. Revolving Credit Loans made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall bear interest at the Base Rate Option and shall be deemed to have been properly requested in accordance with Section 2.5.1 Revolving Credit Loan Requests without regard to any of the requirements of that provision. PNC shall provide notice to the Lenders (which may be telephonic or written notice by letter, facsimile or telex) that such Revolving Credit Loans are to be made under this Section 2.6.5 and of the apportionment among the Lenders, and the Lenders shall be unconditionally obligated to fund such Revolving Credit Loans (whether or not the conditions specified in Section 2.5.1 Revolving Credit Loan Requests are then satisfied) by the time PNC so requests, which shall not be earlier than 3 00 p.m. on the Business Day next after the date the Lenders receive such notice from PNC. 
 1.1.viSwing Loans Under Cash Management Agreements. 
 In addition to making Swing Loans pursuant to the foregoing provisions of Section 2.6.3 Making Swing Loans , without the requirement for a specific request from the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.5.2 Swing Loan Requests , PNC as the Swing Loan Lender may make Swing Loans to the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of the agreements between the Borrower and such Swing Loan Lender relating to the Borrower's deposit, sweep and other accounts at such Swing Loan Lender and related arrangements and agreements regarding the management and investment of the Borrower's cash assets as in effect from time to time (the Cash Management Agreements to the extent of the daily aggregate net negative balance in the Borrower's accounts which are subject to the provisions of the Cash Management Agreements. Swing Loans made pursuant to this Section 2.6.6 in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Management Agreements shall (i) be subject to the limitations as to aggregate amount set forth in Section 2.1.2 Swing Loan Commitment , (ii) not be subject to the limitations as to individual amount set forth in Section 2.5.2 Swing Loan Requests , (iii) be payable by the Borrower, both as to principal and interest, at the rates and times set forth in the Cash Management Agreements (but in no event later than the Expiration Date), (iv) not be made at any time after such Swing Loan Lender has received written notice of the occurrence of an Event of Default and so long as such shall continue to exist, or, unless consented to by the Required Lenders, a Potential Default and so long as such shall continue to exist, (v) if not repaid by the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Management Agreements, be subject to each Lender's obligation pursuant to Section 2.6.5 Borrowings to Repay Swing Loans , and (vi) except as provided in the foregoing subsections (i) through (v), be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Article 2. 
 1.g Notes. 
 At the request of any Lender, the Obligation of the Borrower to repay the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Loans made to it by such Lender, together with interest thereon, shall be evidenced by a revolving credit Note and a swing Note, dated the Closing Date payable to such Lender (or its registered assigns) in a face amount equal to the Revolving Credit Commitment or Swing Loan Commitment, as applicable, of such Lender. 
 39 

1.h Use of Proceeds. 
 The proceeds of the Loans shall be used (i) to refinance existing indebtedness for borrowed money (ii) to make Permitted Acquisitions (iii) to fund ongoing working capital and capital expenditures, and for general corporate purposes including the issuance of Letters of Credit and (iv) to pay fees and expenses in connection with this Agreement and Permitted Acquisitions. 
 1.i Letter of Credit Subfacility. 
 1.1.iIssuance of Letters of Credit. 
 The Borrower or any other Loan Party may at any time prior to the Expiration Date request the issuance of a standby letter of credit (each a Letter of Credit for its own account, the account of another Loan Party or for its own account or the account of another Loan Party for the benefit of one of its Subsidiaries or a Subsidiary of such Loan Party, or the amendment or extension of an existing Letter of Credit, by delivering or transmitting electronically, or having such other Loan Party deliver or transmit electronically to the Issuing Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) a completed application for letter of credit, or request for such amendment or extension, as applicable, in such form as the Issuing Lender may specify from time to time by no later than 10 00 a.m. at least five (5) Business Days, or such shorter period as may be agreed to by the Issuing Lender, in advance of the proposed date of issuance. The Borrower or any other Loan Party shall authorize and direct the Issuing Lender to name the Borrower or any other Loan Party as the Applicant or Account Party of each Letter of Credit. Promptly after receipt of any letter of credit application, the Issuing Lender shall confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit application and if not, such Issuing Lender will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. All Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to be issued hereunder and shall constitute Letters of Credit subject to the terms hereof. 
 1.1.1.1 Unless the Issuing Lender has received notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party, at least one day prior to the requested date of issuance, amendment or extension of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions in Section 7 Conditions of Lending and Issuance of Letters of Credit is not satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof and in reliance on the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.9, the Issuing Lender or any of the Issuing Lender's Affiliates will issue the proposed Letter of Credit or agree to such amendment or extension, provided that each Letter of Credit shall (A) have a maximum maturity of twelve (12) months from the date of issuance, and (B) in no event expire later than one Business Day prior to the Expiration Date and provided further that in no event shall (i) the Letter of Credit Obligations exceed, at any one time, 20,000,000 (the Letter of Credit Sublimit or (ii) the Revolving Facility Usage exceed, at any one time, the Revolving Credit Commitments. Each request by the Borrower for the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrower that it shall be in compliance with the preceding sentence and with Section 7 Conditions of Lending and Issuance of Letters of Credit after giving effect to the requested issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit. Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof, the applicable Issuing Lender will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 
 40 

2.9.1.2 Notwithstanding Section 2.9.1.1, the Issuing Lender shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if (i) any order, judgment or decree of any Official Body or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Issuing Lender from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the Issuing Lender or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Official Body with jurisdiction over the Issuing Lender shall prohibit, or request that the Issuing Lender refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the Issuing Lender with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the Issuing Lender is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the Issuing Lender any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the Issuing Lender in good faith deems material to it, or (ii) the issuance of the Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the Issuing Lender applicable to letters of credit generally or (iii) any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless the Issuing Lender has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to the Issuing Lender (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate the Issuing Lender s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.11.1(iv) Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other Issuing Lender Obligations as to which the Issuing Lender has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion . 
 1.1.iiLetter of Credit Fees. 
 Subject to Section 2.11 (iii) , the Borrower shall pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders a fee (the Letter of Credit Fee equal to the Applicable Letter of Credit Fee Rate on the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit, and (ii) to the Issuing Lender for its own account a fronting fee equal to 0.125 per annum on the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit. All Letter of Credit Fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each Payment Date following issuance of each Letter of Credit. The Borrower shall also pay to the Issuing Lender for the Issuing Lender's sole account the Issuing Lender's then in effect customary fees and administrative expenses payable with respect to the Letters of Credit as the Issuing Lender may generally charge or incur from time to time in connection with the issuance, maintenance, amendment (if any), assignment or transfer (if any), negotiation, and administration of Letters of Credit. 
 1.1.iiiDisbursements, Reimbursement. 
 Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Issuing Lender a participation in such Letter of Credit and each drawing thereunder in an amount equal to such Lender's Ratable Share of the maximum amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit and the amount of such drawing, respectively. 
 1.1.1.1 In the event of any request for a drawing under a Letter of Credit by the beneficiary or transferee thereof, the Issuing Lender will promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. Provided that it shall have received such notice, the Borrower shall reimburse (such obligation to reimburse the Issuing Lender shall sometimes be referred to as a Reimbursement Obligation the Issuing Lender prior to 12 00 noon on or prior to the first Business Day following each date that an amount is paid by the Issuing Lender under any Letter of Credit (each such date, a Drawing Date by paying to the Administrative 
 41 

Agent for the account of the Issuing Lender an amount equal to the amount so paid by the Issuing Lender. In the event the Borrower fails to reimburse the Issuing Lender (through the Administrative Agent) for the full amount of any drawing under any Letter of Credit by 12 00 noon on the first Business Day following the Drawing Date, the Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender thereof, and the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested that Revolving Credit Loans be made by the Lenders under the Base Rate Option to be disbursed on the first Business Day following the Drawing Date under such Letter of Credit, subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Revolving Credit Commitment and subject to the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 Each Loan or Letter of Credit other than any notice requirements. Any notice given by the Administrative Agent or Issuing Lender pursuant to this Section 2.9.3.1 may be oral if immediately confirmed in writing provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
 1.1.1.2 Each Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.9.3.1 make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Lender an amount in immediately available funds equal to its Ratable Share of the amount of the drawing, whereupon the participating Lenders shall (subject to Section 2.9.3 Disbursements Reimbursement each be deemed to have made a Revolving Credit Loan under the Base Rate Option to the Borrower in that amount. If any Lender so notified fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Lender the amount of such Lender's Ratable Share of such amount by no later than 2 00 p.m. on the first Business Day following the Drawing Date, then interest shall accrue on such Lender's obligation to make such payment, from the first Business Day following the Drawing Date to the date on which such Lender makes such payment (i) at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate during the first three (3) days following the first Business Day after the Drawing Date and (ii) at a rate per annum equal to the rate applicable to Revolving Credit Loans under the Base Rate Option on and after the fourth day following the first Business Day after the Drawing Date. The Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender will promptly give notice (as described in Section 2.9.3.1 above) of the occurrence of the Drawing Date, but failure of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender to give any such notice on the Drawing Date or in sufficient time to enable any Lender to effect such payment on such date shall not relieve such Lender from its obligation under this Section 2.9.3.2 (provided, that any Lender s obligation under this Section 2.9.3.2 shall not commence until it receives notice from the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.9.3.1). 
 1.1.1.3 With respect to any unreimbursed drawing that is not converted into Revolving Credit Loans under the Base Rate Option to the Borrower in whole or in part as contemplated by Section 2.9.3.1, because of the Borrower's failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 Each Loan or Letter of Credit other than any notice requirements, or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the Issuing Lender a borrowing (each a Letter of Credit Borrowing in the amount of such drawing. Such Letter of Credit Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the rate per annum applicable to the Revolving Credit Loans under the Base Rate Option. Each Lender's payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 2.9.3 Disbursements, Reimbursement shall be deemed to be a payment in respect of its participation in such Letter of Credit Borrowing (each a Participation Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 2.9.3. 
 1.1.ivRepayment of Participation Advances. 
 1.1.1.1 Upon (and only upon) receipt by the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Lender of immediately available funds from the Borrower (i) in reimbursement of any payment made by the Issuing Lender under the Letter of Credit with 
 42 

respect to which any Lender has made a Participation Advance to the Administrative Agent, or (ii) in payment of interest on such a payment made by the Issuing Lender under such a Letter of Credit, the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Issuing Lender will pay to each Lender, in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent, the amount of such Lender's Ratable Share of such funds, except the Administrative Agent shall retain for the account of the Issuing Lender the amount of the Ratable Share of such funds of any Lender that did not make a Participation Advance in respect of such payment by the Issuing Lender. 
 1.1.1.2 If the Administrative Agent is required at any time to return to any Loan Party, or to a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian, or any official in any Insolvency Proceeding, any portion of any payment made by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Lender pursuant to this Section in reimbursement of a payment made under any Letter of Credit or interest or fees thereon, each Lender shall, on demand of the Administrative Agent, forthwith return to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Lender the amount of its Ratable Share of any amounts so returned by the Administrative Agent plus interest thereon from the date such demand is made to the date such amounts are returned by such Lender to the Administrative Agent, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect from time to time. 
 1.1.vDocumentation. 
 Each Loan Party agrees to be bound by the terms of the Issuing Lender's application and agreement for letters of credit and the Issuing Lender's written regulations and customary practices relating to letters of credit, though such interpretation may be different from such Loan Party's own. In the event of a conflict between such application or agreement and this Agreement, this Agreement shall govern. It is understood and agreed that, except in the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct, the Issuing Lender shall not be liable for any error, negligence and or mistakes, whether of omission or commission, in following any Loan Party's instructions or those contained in the Letters of Credit or any modifications, amendments or supplements thereto. 
 1.1.viDeterminations to Honor Drawing Requests. 
 In determining whether to honor any request for drawing under any Letter of Credit by the beneficiary thereof, the Issuing Lender shall be responsible only to determine that the documents and certificates required to be delivered under such Letter of Credit have been delivered and that they comply on their face with the requirements of such Letter of Credit. 
 1.1.viiNature of Participation and Reimbursement Obligations. 
 Each Lender's obligation in accordance with this Agreement to make the Revolving Credit Loans or Participation Advances, as contemplated by Section 2.9.3 Disbursements, Reimbursement , as a result of a drawing under a Letter of Credit, and the Obligations of the Borrower to reimburse the Issuing Lender upon a draw under a Letter of Credit, shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.9 under all circumstances, including the following circumstances 
 (a) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Issuing Lender or any of its Affiliates, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, or which any Loan Party may have against the 
 43 

Issuing Lender or any of its Affiliates, any Lender or any other Person for any reason whatsoever 
 (b) the failure of any Loan Party or any other Person to comply, in connection with a Letter of Credit Borrowing, with the conditions set forth in Sections 2.1 Revolving Credit Commitments , 2.5 Revolving Credit Loan Requests Swing Loan Requests , 2.6 Making Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Loans Etc. or 7.2 Each Loan or Letter of Credit or as otherwise set forth in this Agreement for the making of a Revolving Credit Loan, it being acknowledged that such conditions are not required for the making of a Letter of Credit Borrowing and the obligation of the Lenders to make Participation Advances under Section 2.9.3 Disbursements, Reimbursement 
 (c) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit 
 (d) any claim of breach of warranty that might be made by any Loan Party or any Lender against any beneficiary of a Letter of Credit, or the existence of any claim, set-off, recoupment, counterclaim, crossclaim, defense or other right which any Loan Party or any Lender may have at any time against a beneficiary, successor beneficiary any transferee or assignee of any Letter of Credit or the proceeds thereof (or any Persons for whom any such transferee may be acting), the Issuing Lender or its Affiliates or any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated herein or any unrelated transaction (including any underlying transaction between any Loan Party or Subsidiaries of a Loan Party and the beneficiary for which any Letter of Credit was procured) 
 (e) the lack of power or authority of any signer of (or any defect in or forgery of any signature or endorsement on) or the form of or lack of validity, sufficiency, accuracy, enforceability or genuineness of any draft, demand, instrument, certificate or other document presented under or in connection with any Letter of Credit, or any fraud or alleged fraud in connection with any Letter of Credit, or the transport of any property or provision of services relating to a Letter of Credit, in each case even if the Issuing Lender or any of its Affiliates has been notified thereof 
 (f) payment by the Issuing Lender or any of its Affiliates under any Letter of Credit against presentation of a demand, draft or certificate or other document which does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit 
 (g) the solvency of, or any acts or omissions by, any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit, or any other Person having a role in any transaction or obligation relating to a Letter of Credit, or the existence, nature, quality, quantity, condition, value or other characteristic of any property or services relating to a Letter of Credit 
 (h) any failure by the Issuing Lender or any of its Affiliates to issue any Letter of Credit in the form requested by any Loan Party, unless the Issuing Lender has received written notice from such Loan Party of such failure within three Business Days after the Issuing Lender shall have furnished such Loan Party and the Administrative Agent a copy of such Letter of Credit and such error is material and no drawing has been made thereon prior to receipt of such notice 
 (i) any adverse change in the business, operations, properties, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of any Loan Party or Subsidiaries of a Loan Party 
 (j) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by any party thereto 
 44 

(k) the occurrence or continuance of an Insolvency Proceeding with respect to any Loan Party 
 (l) the fact that an Event of Default or a Potential Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 (m) the fact that the Expiration Date shall have passed or this Agreement or the Commitments hereunder shall have been terminated and 
 (n) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 
 1.1.viiiIndemnity. 
 The Borrower hereby agrees to protect, indemnify, pay and save harmless the Issuing Lender and any of its Affiliates that has issued a Letter of Credit from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, damages, penalties, interest, judgments, losses, costs, charges and expenses (including reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of counsel) which the Issuing Lender or any of its Affiliates may incur or be subject to as a consequence, direct or indirect, of the issuance of any Letter of Credit, other than as a result of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Issuing Lender as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. This Section 2.9.8 Indemnity shall not apply to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 1.1.ixLiability for Acts and Omissions. 
 As between any Loan Party and the Issuing Lender, or the Issuing Lender's Affiliates, such Loan Party assumes all risks of the acts and omissions of, or misuse of the Letters of Credit by, the respective beneficiaries of such Letters of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Issuing Lender shall not be responsible for any of the following, including any losses or damages to any Loan Party or other Person or property relating therefrom (i) the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any document submitted by any party in connection with the application for an issuance of any such Letter of Credit, even if it should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged (even if the Issuing Lender or its Affiliates shall have been notified thereof) (ii) the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign any such Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason (iii) the failure of the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit, or any other party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred, to comply fully with any conditions required in order to draw upon such Letter of Credit or any other claim of any Loan Party against any beneficiary of such Letter of Credit, or any such transferee, or any dispute between or among any Loan Party and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any such transferee (iv) errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, cable, telegraph, telex or otherwise, whether or not they be in cipher (v) errors in interpretation of technical terms (vi) any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under any such Letter of Credit or of the proceeds thereof (vii) the misapplication by the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit of the proceeds of any drawing under such Letter of Credit or 
 45 

(viii) any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Lender or its Affiliates, as applicable, including any act or omission of any Official Body, and none of the above shall affect or impair, or prevent the vesting of, any of the Issuing Lender's or its Affiliates rights or powers hereunder. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall relieve the Issuing Lender from liability for the Issuing Lender's gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with actions or omissions described in such clauses (i) through (viii) of such sentence. In no event shall the Issuing Lender or its Affiliates be liable to any Loan Party for any indirect, consequential, incidental, punitive, exemplary or special damages or expenses (including attorneys' fees), or for any damages resulting from any change in the value of any property relating to a Letter of Credit. 
 Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Issuing Lender and each of its Affiliates (i) may rely on any oral or other communication believed in good faith by the Issuing Lender or such Affiliate to have been authorized or given by or on behalf of the applicant for a Letter of Credit, (ii) may honor any presentation if the documents presented appear on their face substantially to comply with the terms and conditions of the relevant Letter of Credit (iii) may honor a previously dishonored presentation under a Letter of Credit, whether such dishonor was pursuant to a court order, to settle or compromise any claim of wrongful dishonor, or otherwise, and shall be entitled to reimbursement to the same extent as if such presentation had initially been honored, together with any interest paid by the Issuing Lender or its Affiliate (iv) may honor any drawing that is payable upon presentation of a statement advising negotiation or payment, upon receipt of such statement (even if such statement indicates that a draft or other document is being delivered separately), and shall not be liable for any failure of any such draft or other document to arrive, or to conform in any way with the relevant Letter of Credit (v) may pay any paying or negotiating bank claiming that it rightfully honored under the laws or practices of the place where such bank is located and (vi) may settle or adjust any claim or demand made on the Issuing Lender or its Affiliate in any way related to any order issued at the applicant's request to an air carrier, a letter of guarantee or of indemnity issued to a carrier or any similar document (each an Order and honor any drawing in connection with any Letter of Credit that is the subject of such Order, notwithstanding that any drafts or other documents presented in connection with such Letter of Credit fail to conform in any way with such Letter of Credit. 
 In furtherance and extension and not in limitation of the specific provisions set forth above, any action taken or omitted by the Issuing Lender or its Affiliates under or in connection with the Letters of Credit issued by it or any documents and certificates delivered thereunder, if taken or omitted in good faith, shall not put the Issuing Lender or its Affiliates under any resulting liability to the Borrower or any Lender. 
 1.1.xIssuing Lender Reporting Requirements. 
 Each Issuing Lender shall, on the first Business Day of each month, provide to Administrative Agent and Borrower a schedule of the Letters of Credit issued by it, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent, showing the date of issuance of each Letter of Credit, the account party, the original face amount (if any), and the expiration date of any Letter of Credit outstanding at any time during the preceding month, and any other information relating to such Letter of Credit that the Administrative Agent may request. 
 46 

1.1.xiLetters of Credit Issued for other Loan Parties. 
 Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Loan Party other than the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the Issuing Lender hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of other Loan Parties and Subsidiaries of the Borrower inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such other Loan Parties and such other Subsidiaries. 
 1.j Additional Commitment. 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may at any time or from time to time during the term of this Agreement, request to add one or more additional revolving credit commitments (each, an Additional Commitment provided that (a) immediately prior to and after giving effect to such Additional Commitment (and the making of any loans pursuant thereto), (i) no Event of Default or Potential Default has occurred or is continuing or shall result therefrom and (ii) the Loan Parties shall be in pro forma compliance (including giving pro forma effect to such Additional Commitment and the making of any loans pursuant thereto) with the covenant contained in Section 8.2.14 Maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio , (b) the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent prior to the closing of such Additional Commitment a Compliance Certificate as of the date of the closing of such Additional Commitment, such Compliance Certificate to give effect to such Additional Commitment to be obtained pursuant to this Section 2.10, (c) any Additional Commitment shall rank pari passu in right of payment and right of security in respect of the collateral (if any) with the Revolving Credit Loans, and (d) the Additional Commitments shall be in a minimum amount of 25,000,000 and shall not exceed in the aggregate for all Additional Commitments 100,000,000. Any additional bank, financial institution, existing Lender or other Person that elects to extend commitments to provide the Additional Commitment shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and, to the extent the Administrative Agent s consent would be required under Section 11.8 Successors and Assigns for an assignment of Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, the Administrative Agent (any such bank, financial institution, existing Lender or other Person is an Additional Lender and shall become a Lender under this Agreement pursuant to an amendment (the Incremental Facility Amendment to this Agreement, giving effect to the modifications permitted by this Section 2.10, and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Loan Parties, each Additional Lender, if any, and the Administrative Agent. Commitments in respect of the Additional Commitment shall become Commitments under this Agreement after giving effect to such Incremental Facility Amendment. Subject to the provisions of Section 11.1 Modifications, Amendments and Waivers requiring all Lender approval, the Incremental Facility Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.10, and shall be, to the extent not consistent with the then-existing Loan Documents, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The effectiveness of any Incremental Facility Amendment shall be subject to the satisfaction on the date thereof (the Incremental Facility Closing Date of each of the applicable conditions (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) set forth in Sections 7.1.1(ii) and 7.2 Conditions of Lending and Issuance of Letters of Credit (it being understood that all references to the Closing Date in such Section 7.1.1(ii) Conditions of Lending and Issuance of Letters of Credit shall be deemed to refer to the Incremental Facility Closing Date and (y) with respect to any Additional Commitment to finance a Permitted Acquisition, the conditions set forth in Sections 7.1.1(ii) and 7.2 Conditions of Lending and 
 47 

Issuance of Letters of Credit may be waived by the Lenders holding a majority in principal amount of the Additional Commitment without the consent of any other Lender, provided that the accuracy of the Specified Representations may not be waived without the consent of the Required Lenders), and except as otherwise specified in the Incremental Facility Amendment, the Administrative Agent shall have received legal opinions, board resolutions and other closing documents and certificates reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date under Sections 7.1.1(ii) and 7.2 Conditions of Lending and Issuance of Letters of Credit . The proceeds of the Additional Commitment may be used in accordance with Section 2.8 Use of Proceeds but not for any purpose otherwise prohibited hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.10, no existing Lender shall be obligated to provide Additional Commitments. 
 (b) Treatment of Outstanding Revolving Credit Loans and Letters of Credit . 
 (i) Repayment of Outstanding Loans . On the effective date of each Additional Commitment, the Borrower shall either repay or be deemed to have repaid all Revolving Credit Loans then outstanding (as required by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and borrowed new Revolving Credit Loans with a Borrowing Date on such date so that each of the Lenders shall participate in any Revolving Credit Loans made (or deemed made) on or after such date in accordance with their respective Ratable Shares after giving effect to the increase in Revolving Credit Commitments contemplated by this Section 2.10. 
 (ii) Outstanding Letters of Credit . On the effective date of each Additional Commitment, each existing Lender and any Additional Lender (i) will be deemed to have purchased a participation in each then outstanding Letter of Credit equal to its Ratable Share of such Letter of Credit and the participation of each other Lender in such Letter of Credit shall be adjusted accordingly and (ii) will acquire (and will pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to) its Ratable Share of all outstanding Participation Advances. 
 1.k Defaulting Lenders. 
 1.1.iDefaulting Lender Adjustments. 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement , if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long , until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender , to the extent permitted by applicable law 
 (a) fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.3 Commitment Fees Waivers and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as specified in the definition of Required Lenders. 
 (b) the Commitment and outstanding Loans of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 11.1 Modifications, Amendments or Waivers provided, that this clause (ii) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts 
 48 

received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article 9 Default or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.2.3 Set-off shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Lender or Swingline Loan Lender hereunder third , to Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lender s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 5.7 Cash Collateral fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Potential Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lender s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 5.7 Cash Collateral sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Lender or Swingline Loan Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Lender or Swingline Loan Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement seventh , so long as no Potential Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or Letter of Credit Borrowing in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions specified in Section 7.2 Each Loan or Letter of Credit were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and Letter of Credit Borrowings owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or Letter of Credit Borrowing owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letter of Credit Obligations and Swing Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to Section 2.11.1(iv) Reallocation of Participation to Reduce Fronting Exposure . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.11.1(ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (c) if any Swing Loans are outstanding or any Letter of Credit Obligations exist at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then Certain Fees. 
 (i) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any Commitment Fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender. 
 (ii) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Ratable Share of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 5.7 Cash Collateral . 
 49 

(iii) With respect to any Commitment Fee or Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letter of Credit Obligations or Swing Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y) pay to each Issuing Lender and Swing Loan Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such Issuing Lender s or Swing Loan Lender s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
 (d) (a) all Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or any part of the outstanding Swing Loans and such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letter of Credit Obligations of such Defaulting Lender and Swing Loans shall be reallocated among the non Non -Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Ratable Shares (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Commitment) but only to the extent that (x) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Facility Usage does not of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed the total of all non such Non -Defaulting Lenders' Lender s Revolving Credit Commitments, and (y) no Potential Default Commitment. Subject to Section 11.13 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions , no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or Event release of Default has occurred and is continuing at such time any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 (e) (b) if Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swing Loans. If the reallocation described in clause a iv above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent , without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under Law, (x) first, prepay such outstanding Swing Loans , in an amount equal to the Swing Loan Lender s Fronting Exposure and (y) second, cash collateralize for the benefit of Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lender the Borrower's obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender's Letter of Credit Obligations (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (a) above) in a deposit account held at the Administrative Agent for so long as such Letter of Credit Obligations are outstanding s Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures specified in Section 5.7 Cash Collateral . 
 (c) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender's Letter of Credit Obligations pursuant to clause (b) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.9.2 Letter of Credit Fees with respect to such Defaulting Lender's Letter of Credit Obligations during the period such Defaulting Lender's Letter of Credit Obligations are cash collateralized 
 (d) if the Letter of Credit Obligations of the non-Defaulting Lenders are reallocated pursuant to clause (a) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.9.2 Letter of Credit Fees shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders' Ratable Share and 
 (e) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender's Letter of Credit Obligations are neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above, then , without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Lender or any other Lender hereunder, all Letter of Credit Fees payable under Section 2.9.2 Letter of Credit Fees with respect to such Defaulting Lender's Letter of Credit Obligations shall be payable to the 
 50 

Issuing Lender (and not to such Defaulting Lender) until and to the extent that such Letter of Credit Obligations are reallocated and or cash collateralized and 
 (iv) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, PNC shall not be required to fund any Swing Loans and the Issuing Lender shall not be required to issue, amend, increase or extend any Letter of Credit, unless the Issuing Lender is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender's then outstanding Letter of Credit Obligations will be 100 covered by the Revolving Credit Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.11(iii), and participating interests in any newly made Swing Loan or any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.11(iii)(a) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 If (i) a Bankruptcy Event with respect to a parent company of any Lender shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue, or (ii) PNC or the Issuing Lender has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, PNC shall not be required to fund any Swing Loan and the Issuing Lender shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit , unless PNC or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to PNC or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 In the event that 
 1.1.iiDefaulting Lender Cure. 
 If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent , the Borrower, PNC and each Swing Loan Lender and the Issuing Lender agree in writing that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, then the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the parties hereto, and the Ratable Share of the Swing Loans and Letter of Credit Obligations of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender's Commitment, and on such whereupon as of the effective date specified in such Lender shall notice and subject to any conditions specified therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par such that portion of the outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other than Swing Loans) actions as the Administrative Agent shall may determine may to be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Ratable Share. Thereafter, the applicable to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the Commitments (without giving effect to Section 2.11.1(iv) Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure ), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 1.1.iiiNew Swing Loans Letters of Credit. 
 So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swing Loan Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Loans unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such Swing Loan and (ii) no Issuing Lender shall be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto. 
 51 

3. RESERVED 
 4. INTEREST RATES 
 1.a Interest Rate Options. 
 The Borrower shall pay interest in respect of the outstanding unpaid principal amount of the Loans as selected by it from the Base Rate Option or LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option set forth below applicable to the Loans, it being understood that, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Borrower may select different Interest Rate Options and different Interest Periods to apply simultaneously to the Loans comprising different Borrowing Tranches and may convert to or renew one or more Interest Rate Options with respect to all or any portion of the Loans comprising any Borrowing Tranche provided that there shall not be at any one time outstanding more than eight (8) Borrowing Tranches in the aggregate among all of the Loans and provided further that if an Event of Default exists and is continuing, the Borrower may not request, convert to, or renew the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option for any Loans and the Required Lenders may demand that all existing Borrowing Tranches bearing interest under the Term SOFR Rate Option shall be converted immediately to the Base Rate Option, subject in all cases to the obligation of the Borrower to pay any indemnity under Section 5.10 Indemnity in connection with any such conversion . If at any time the designated rate applicable to any Loan made by any Lender exceeds such Lender's highest lawful rate, the rate of interest on such Lender's Loan shall be limited to such Lender's highest lawful rate. 
 1.1.iInterest Rate Options Swing Line Interest Rate. 
 The Borrower shall have the right to select from the following Interest Rate Options applicable to the Loans 
 (a) Base Rate Option A fluctuating rate per annum (computed on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed) equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin, such interest rate to change automatically from time to time effective as of the effective date of each change in the Base Rate or 
 (b) LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option A rate per annum (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed) equal to the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate as determined for each applicable Interest Period , plus the SOFR Adjustment plus the Applicable Margin. 
 Subject to Section 4.3 Interest After Default , only the Base Rate Option shall apply to the Swing Loans. 
 1.1.iiRate Quotations. 
 The Borrower may call the Administrative Agent on or before the date on which a Loan Request is to be delivered to receive an indication of the rates then in effect, but it is acknowledged that such projection shall not be binding on the Administrative Agent or the Lenders nor affect the rate of interest which thereafter is actually in effect when the election is made. 
 1.1.iiiConforming Changes Relating to Term SOFR Rate. 
 52 

With respect to the Term SOFR Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that, the Administrative Agent shall provide notice to the Borrower and the Lenders of each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 1.b Interest Periods. 
 At any time when the Borrower shall select, convert to or renew a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option by delivering a Loan Request. The notice shall specify an Interest Period during which such Interest Rate Option shall apply. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the following provisions shall apply to any selection of, renewal of, or conversion to a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option 
 1.1.iAmount of Borrowing Tranche. 
 Each Borrowing Tranche of Loans under the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option shall be in integral multiples of, and not less than, the respective amounts set forth in Section 2.5.1 Revolving Credit Loan Requests and 
 1.1.iiRenewals. 
 In the case of the renewal of a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option at the end of an Interest Period, the first day of the new Interest Period shall be the last day of the preceding Interest Period, without duplication in payment of interest for such day. 
 1.c Interest After Default. 
 To the extent permitted by Law, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and until such time such Event of Default shall have been cured or waived, at the discretion of the Administrative Agent or upon written demand by the Required Lenders to the Administrative Agent, upon written notice to the Borrower 
 1.1.iLetter of Credit Fees, Interest Rate. 
 The Letter of Credit Fees and the rate of interest for each Loan otherwise applicable pursuant to Section 2.9.2 Letter of Credit Fees or Section 4.1 Interest Rate Options , respectively, shall be increased by 2.0 per annum 
 1.1.iiOther Obligations. 
 Each other Obligation hereunder if not paid when due shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the rate of interest applicable to Revolving Credit Loans under the Base Rate Option plus an additional 2.0 per annum from the time such Obligation becomes due and payable and until it is Paid In Full and 
 1.1.iiiAcknowledgment. 
 53 

The Borrower acknowledges that the increase in rates referred to in this Section 4.3 reflects, among other things, the fact that such Loans or other amounts have become a substantially greater risk given their default status and that the Lenders are entitled to additional compensation for such risk and all such interest shall be payable by Borrower upon demand by Administrative Agent. 
 1.d LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Unascertainable Illegality Increased Costs Deposits Not Available Illegality Benchmark Replacement Setting . 
 1.1.iUnascertainable Increased Costs . 
 If, on or prior to the first day of an Interest Period 
 (a) If on any date on which a LIBOR Rate would otherwise be determined, the Administrative Agent shall have determined that 
 (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining such LIBOR Rate (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that (x) the Term SOFR Rate cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof or (y) a fundamental change has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Rate (including, without limitation, changes in national or international financial, political or economic conditions) , or 
 (b) a contingency has occurred which materially and adversely affects the London interbank eurodollar market relating to the LIBOR Rate any Lender determines that for any reason in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Rate Loan or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that the Term SOFR Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding, establishing or maintaining such Loan, and such Lender has provided notice of such determination to the Administrative Agent , 
 then the Administrative Agent shall have the rights specified in Section 4.4.3 Administrative Agent's and Lender's Rights . 
 1.1.iiIllegality Increased Costs Deposits Not Available . 
 If at any time any Lender shall have determined , or any Official Body shall have asserted, that (i) the making, maintenance or funding of any Term SOFR Rate Loan to which a LIBOR , or the determination or charging of interest rates based on the Term SOFR Rate Option applies , has been made impracticable or unlawful by compliance by such Lender in good faith with any Law or any interpretation or application thereof by any Official Body or with any request or directive of any such Official Body (whether or not having the force of Law), or 
 (ii) such LIBOR Rate Option will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lender of the establishment or maintenance of any such Loan, or 
 (iii) after making all reasonable efforts, deposits of the relevant amount in Dollars for the relevant Interest Period for a Loan, or to banks generally, to which a LIBOR Rate Option applies, respectively, are not available to such Lender with respect to such Loan, or to banks generally, in the interbank eurodollar market, then the Administrative Agent shall have the rights specified in Section 4.4.3 Administrative Agent's and Lender's Rights . 
 1.1.iiiAdministrative Agent's and Lender's Rights. 
 54 

In the case of any event specified in Section 4.4.1 Unascertainable Increased Costs above, the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Lenders and the Borrower thereof, and in the case of an event specified in Section 4.4.2 Illegality Increased Costs Deposits Not Available above, such Lender shall promptly so notify the Administrative Agent and endorse a certificate to such notice as to the specific circumstances of such notice, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly send copies of such notice and certificate to the other Lenders and the Borrower. Upon such date as shall be specified in such notice (which shall not be earlier than the date such notice is given), the obligation of (A) the Lenders, in the case of such notice given by the Administrative Agent, or (B) such Lender, in the case of such notice given by such Lender, to allow the Borrower to select, convert to or renew a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option Loan shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Rate Loan or Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent shall have later notified the Borrower, or such Lender shall have later notified the Administrative Agent, of the Administrative Agent's or such Lender's, as the case may be, determination that the circumstances giving rise to such previous determination no longer exist. If at any time the Administrative Agent makes a determination under Section 4.4.1 Unascertainable Increased Costs and the Borrower has previously notified the Administrative Agent of its selection of, conversion to or renewal of a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option and such Interest the Term SOFR Rate Option has not yet gone into effect, such notification shall be deemed to provide for selection of, conversion to or renewal of the Base Rate Option otherwise available with respect to such Loans. If any Lender notifies the Administrative Agent of a determination under Section 4.4.2 Illegality Increased Costs Deposits Not Available , the Borrower shall, subject to the Borrower's indemnification Obligations under Section 5.10 Indemnity , as to any Loan of the Lender to which a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option applies, on the date specified in such notice either convert such Loan to the Base Rate Option otherwise available with respect to such Loan or prepay such Loan in accordance with Section 5.6 Voluntary Prepayments . Absent due notice from the Borrower of conversion or prepayment, such Loan shall automatically be converted to the Base Rate Option otherwise available with respect to such Loan upon such specified date. 
 1.1.iv Successor LIBOR Rate Index. Benchmark Replacement Setting 
 55 

(i) If the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be final and conclusive, absent manifest error) that either (a) (i) the circumstances set forth in Section 4.1.1 have arisen and are unlikely to be temporary, or (ii) the circumstances set forth in Section 4.1.1 have not arisen but the applicable supervisor or administrator (if any) of the LIBOR Rate or an Official Body having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent has made a public statement identifying the specific date after which the LIBOR Rate shall no longer be used for determining interest rates for loans (either such date, a LIBOR Termination Date ), or (b) a rate other than the LIBOR Rate has become a widely recognized benchmark rate for newly originated loans in Dollars in the U.S. market, then the Administrative Agent may in consultation with the Borrower choose a replacement index for the LIBOR Rate and make adjustments to applicable margins and related amendments to this Agreement as referred to below such that, to the extent practicable, the all-in interest rate based on the replacement index will be substantially equivalent to the all-in LIBOR Rate-based interest rate in effect prior to its replacement. 
 (ii) The Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement to reflect the replacement index, the adjusted margins and such other related amendments as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent , for the implementation and administration of the replacement index-based rate. Upon execution of the amendment between 
 (a) 
 (a) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any agreement executed in connection with an Interest Rate Hedge shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 4.4.4), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
 56 

have occurred prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (A) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (B) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 (b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent and will have the Borrower right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and , and notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in this Agreement or the any other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, Section 11.1 Modifications, Amendments or Waivers , such amendment shall Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement at 5 00 p.m. Eastern Time on the tenth (10 th Business Day after the date the amendment is provided to the Lenders , unless the Administrative Agent receives, on or before such tenth (10 th Business Day, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that such Lenders object to such amendment or any other Loan Document . 
 (iii) Selection of the replacement index, adjustments to the applicable margins, and amendments to this Agreement (i) will be determined with due consideration to the then-current market practices for determining and implementing a rate of interest for newly originated loans in the United States and loans converted from a LIBOR Rate-based rate to a replacement index-based rate, and (ii) may also reflect adjustments to account for (x) the effects of the transition from the LIBOR Rate to the replacement index and (y) yield- or risk-based differences between the LIBOR Rate and the replacement index. 
 (i) Until an amendment reflecting a new replacement index in accordance with this Section 4.4.4 is effective, each advance, conversion and renewal of a Loan under the LIBOR Rate Option will continue to bear interest with reference to the LIBOR Rate provided however, that if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be final and conclusive, absent manifest error) that a LIBOR Termination Date has occurred, then following the LIBOR Termination Date, all Loans as to which the LIBOR Rate Option would otherwise apply shall automatically be converted to the Base Rate Option until such time as an amendment reflecting a replacement index and related matters as described above is implemented. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time the replacement index is less than zero, at such times, such index shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement 
 (c) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, and (B) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or 
 57 

reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to paragraph (iv) below and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section. 
 (d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate and either (I) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (II) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (B) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (A) above either (I) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (II) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (e) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Loan bearing interest based on the Term SOFR Rate, conversion to or continuation of Loans bearing interest based on the Term SOFR Rate to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Loan of or conversion to Loans bearing interest under the Base Rate Option. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate . 
 1.e Selection of Interest Rate Options. 
 If the Borrower fails to select a new Interest Period to apply to any Borrowing Tranche of Loans under the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option at the expiration of an existing Interest Period applicable to such Borrowing Tranche in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.2 Interest Periods , the Borrower shall be deemed to have converted such Borrowing Tranche to the Base Rate Option, as applicable to Revolving Credit Loans commencing upon the last day of the existing Interest Period. If the Borrower provides any Loan Request related to a Loan at the Term SOFR Rate Option but fails to identify an Interest Period therefor, such Loan Request shall be deemed to request an Interest Period of one (1) month. Any Loan Request that fails to select an Interest Rate Option shall be deemed to be a request for the Base Rate Option. 
 58 

5. PAYMENTS 
 1.a Payments. 
 All payments and prepayments to be made in respect of principal, interest, Commitment Fees, Letter of Credit Fees or other fees or amounts due from the Borrower hereunder shall be payable prior to 11 00 a.m. on the date when due without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower, and without set-off, counterclaim or other deduction of any nature, and an action therefor shall immediately accrue. Such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the Principal Office for the account of PNC with respect to the Swing Loans and for the ratable accounts of the Lenders with respect to the Revolving Credit Loans in U.S. Dollars and in immediately available funds, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute such amounts to the Lenders in immediately available funds provided that in the event payments are received by 11 00 a.m. by the Administrative Agent with respect to the Loans and such payments are not distributed to the Lenders on the same day received by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall pay the Lenders interest at the Federal Funds Effective Rate with respect to the amount of such payments for each day held by the Administrative Agent and not distributed to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent's and each Lender's statement of account, ledger or other relevant record shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive as the statement of the amount of principal of and interest on the Loans and other amounts owing under this Agreement. 
 1.b Pro Rata Treatment of Lenders. 
 Each borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans shall be allocated to each Lender according to its Ratable Share, and each selection of, conversion to or renewal of any Interest Rate Option and each payment or prepayment by the Borrower with respect to principal, interest, Commitment Fees and Letter of Credit Fees (but excluding the Issuing Lender's fronting fee) shall (except as otherwise may be provided with respect to a Defaulting Lender and except as provided in Sections 4.4.3 Administrative Agent's and Lender's Rights in the case of an event specified in Section 4.4 LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Unascertainable Etc. , 5.6.2 Replacement of a Lender or 5.8.1 Increased Costs be payable ratably among the Lenders entitled to such payment in accordance with the amount of principal, interest, Commitment Fees and Letter of Credit Fees, as set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, each borrowing or payment or prepayment by the Borrower of principal, interest, fees or other amounts from the Borrower with respect to Swing Loans shall be made by or to PNC according to Section 2.6.5 Borrowings to Repay Swing Loans . 
 1.c Sharing of Payments by Lenders. 
 If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff, counterclaim or banker's lien, by receipt of voluntary payment, by realization upon security, or by any other non-pro rata source, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or other obligations hereunder resulting in such Lender's receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and accrued interest thereon or other such obligations greater than the pro-rata share of the amount such Lender is entitled thereto, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) 
 59 

purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and such other obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and other amounts owing them, provided that 
 (a) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, together with interest or other amounts, if any, required by Law (including court order) to be paid by the Lender or the holder making such purchase and 
 (b) the provisions of this Section 5.3 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Loan Parties pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of the Loan Documents or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or Participation Advances to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 5.3 shall apply). 
 Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against each Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of each Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 
 1.d Administrative Agent s Clawback. 
 1.1.iFunding by Lenders Presumption by Administrative Agent. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender, prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing Tranche of Loans that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s Ratable Share, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.6.1 Making Revolving Credit Loans . In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing Tranche of Loans available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Loans under the Base Rate Option. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing Tranche of Loans to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing Tranche of Loans. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 1.1.ii 5.4 Payments by Borrower Presumptions by Administrative Agent. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders 
 60 

or the Issuing Lender hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or the Issuing Lender, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 1.e Interest Payment Dates. 
 Interest on Loans to which the Base Rate Option applies shall be due and payable in arrears on each Payment Date. Interest on Loans to which the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option applies shall be due and payable on the last day of each Interest Period for those Loans and, if such Interest Period is longer than three (3) Months months , also on the 90th day of such Interest Period. Interest on the principal amount of each Loan or other monetary Obligation shall be due and payable on demand after such principal amount or other monetary Obligation becomes due and payable (whether on the stated Expiration Date, upon acceleration or otherwise). Interest shall be computed to, but excluding, the date payment is due. 
 1.f Voluntary Prepayments. 
 1.1.iRight to Prepay. 
 The Borrower shall have the right at its option from time to time to prepay the Loans in whole or part without premium or penalty (except as provided in Section 5.6.2 Replacement of a Lender below, in Section 5.8.1 Increased Costs Generally and Section 5.10 Indemnity ). Whenever the Borrower desires to prepay any part of the Loans, it shall provide a prepayment notice to the Administrative Agent by 1 00 p.m. at least one (1) Business Day prior to the date of prepayment of the Revolving Credit Loans or no later than 1 00 p.m. on the date of prepayment of Swing Loans, setting forth the following information 
 (a) the date, which shall be a Business Day, on which the proposed prepayment is to be made 
 (b) a statement indicating the application of the prepayment between the Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Loans 
 (c) a statement indicating the application of the prepayment between Loans to which the Base Rate Option applies and Loans to which the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option applies and 
 (d) the total principal amount of such prepayment, which shall not be less than the lesser of (i (ii 100,000 for any Swing Loan or (ii) 1,000,000 for any Revolving Credit Loan (or any lesser amount which constitutes the remaining amount of such Loan). 
 All prepayment notices shall be irrevocable, provided that any prepayment notice may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit 
 61 

facilities, indentures or similar agreements or other transactions, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower if such condition is not satisfied. The principal amount of the Loans for which a prepayment notice is given, together with interest on such principal amount, shall be due and payable on the date specified in such prepayment notice as the date on which the proposed prepayment is to be made. Except as provided in Section 4.4.3 Administrative Agent's and Lender's Rights , if the Borrower prepays a Loan but fails to specify the applicable Borrowing Tranche which the Borrower is prepaying, the prepayment shall be applied first to Loans to which the Base Rate Option applies, then to Loans to which the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option applies. Any prepayment hereunder shall be subject to the Borrower's Obligation to indemnify the Lenders under Section 5.10 Indemnity . 
 1.1.iiReplacement of a Lender. 
 In the event any Lender (i) gives notice under Section 4.4 LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Unascertainable, Etc. , (ii) requests compensation under Section 5.8.1 Increased Costs Generally , or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amount to any Lender or any Official Body for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 5.9 Taxes , (iii) is a Defaulting Lender, (iv) becomes subject to the control of an Official Body (other than normal and customary supervision), or (v) is a Non-Consenting Lender referred to in Section 11.1 Modifications, Amendments or Waivers , then in any such event the Borrower may, at its sole expense, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 11.8 Successors and Assigns ), all of its interests, rights (other than existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 5.8.1 Increased Costs or 5.9 Taxes and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that 
 (a) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 11.8 Successors and Assigns 
 (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and Participation Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 5.10 Indemnity from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) 
 (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 5.8.1 Increased Costs Generally or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 5.9 Taxes , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter and 
 (d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Law. 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 1.1.iiiDesignation of a Different Lending Office. 
 62 

If any Lender requests compensation under Section 5.8.1 Increased Costs Generally , or the Borrower is or will be required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Official Body for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 5.9 Taxes , then such Lender shall (at the request of the Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 5.8.1 Increased Costs Generally or Section 5.9 Taxes , as the case may be, in the future, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and out of pocket expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 1.g Reserved . Cash Collateral. 
 At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one (1) Business Day following the written request of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize the Issuing Lender s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to Section 2.11.1(iv) Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than the Minimum Collateral Amount. 
 1.1.iGrant of Security Interest. 
 The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Lender, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such Cash Collateral as security for the Defaulting Lenders obligation to fund participations in respect of Letter of Credit Obligations, to be applied pursuant to Section 5.7.2 below. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (after giving effect to any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). 
 1.1.iiApplication. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under this Section 5.7 or Section 2.11 Defaulting Lender in respect of Letters of Credit shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Defaulting Lender s obligation to fund participations in respect of Letter of Credit Obligations (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 
 1.1.iiiTermination of Requirement. 
 Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce the Issuing Lender s Fronting Exposure shall no longer be required to be held as Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 5.7 following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure (including by 
 63 

the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender), or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender that there exists excess Cash Collateral provided that, subject to Section 2.11 Default Lenders the Person providing Cash Collateral and the Issuing Lender may agree that Cash Collateral shall be held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations and provided further that to the extent that such Cash Collateral was provided by the Borrower, such Cash Collateral shall remain subject to the security interest granted pursuant to Section 5.7.1 above. 
 1.h Increased Costs. 
 1.1.iIncreased Costs Generally. 
 If any Change in Law shall 
 (a) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in the LIBOR Term SOFR Rate) or the Issuing Lender 
 (b) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (ii) through (iv) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 (c) impose on any Lender, the Issuing Lender or the London interbank relevant market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan, or to increase the cost to such Lender, the Issuing Lender or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, the Issuing Lender or other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender, the Issuing Lender or other Recipient, the Borrower will pay to such Lender, the Issuing Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 1.1.iiCapital Requirements. 
 If any Lender or the Issuing Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the Issuing Lender or any lending office of such Lender or such Lender's or the Issuing Lender's holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender's or the Issuing Lender's capital or on the capital of such Lender's or the Issuing Lender's holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or the Issuing Lender or such Lender's or the Issuing Lender's holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender's or the Issuing Lender's policies and the policies of 
 64 

such Lender's or the Issuing Lender's holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Lender or such Lender's or the Issuing Lender's holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 1.1.iiiCertificates for Reimbursement Repayment of Outstanding Loans Borrowing of New Loans. 
 A certificate of a Lender or the Issuing Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the Issuing Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in Sections 5.8.1 Increased Costs Generally or 5.8.2 Capital Requirements and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 1.1.ivDelay in Requests. 
 Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender's or the Issuing Lender's right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six (6) months prior to the date that such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower in writing of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender's or the Issuing Lender's intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six (6) month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 1.i Taxes. 
 1.1.iIssuing Lender. 
 For purposes of this Section 5.9, the term Lender includes the Issuing Lender and the term applicable Law includes FATCA. 
 1.1.iiPayments Free of Taxes. 
 Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Official Body in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 5.9 Taxes the 
 65 

applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 1.1.iiiPayment of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties. 
 The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Official Body in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 1.1.ivIndemnification by the Loan Parties. 
 The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 5.9 Taxes payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Official Body. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 1.1.vIndemnification by the Lenders. 
 Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of any of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender's failure to comply with the provisions of Section 11.8.4 Participations relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Official Body. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this Section 5.9.5 Indemnification by the Lenders . 
 1.1.viEvidence of Payments. 
 As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to an Official Body pursuant to this Section 5.9 Taxes , such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Official Body evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 66 

1.1.viiStatus of Lenders. 
 (a) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 5.9.7(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender's reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Borrower, 
 (1) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (2) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (i)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN -E (or W-8BEN if applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN -E (or W-8BEN if applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (ii)executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (iii)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 5.9.7 (A) to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (C) a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance 
 67 

Certificate and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN -E (or W-8BEN if applicable) or 
 (iv)to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN -E (or W-8BEN if applicable) , a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 5.9.7 (B) or Exhibit 5.9.7(C) , IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit 5.9.7(D) on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (3) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (4) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed pursuant to FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting, registration or other requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender's obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include all amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 1.1.viiiTreatment of Certain Refunds. 
 If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 5.9 Taxes (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 5.9 Taxes ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 5.9 Taxes with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Official Body with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such 
 68 

indemnified party incurred in connection with obtaining such refund, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 5.9.8 Treatment of Certain Refunds (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Official Body) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Official Body. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.9.8 Treatment of Certain Refunds , in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 5.9.8 Treatment of Certain Refunds the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 1.1.ixSurvival. 
 Each party's obligations under this Section 5.9 Taxes shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations. 
 1.j Indemnity. 
 In addition to the compensation or payments required by Section 5.8 Increased Costs or Section 5.9 Taxes , the Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against all liabilities, losses or expenses (including loss of anticipated profits, any foreign exchange losses and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan, from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract) which such Lender sustains or incurs as a consequence of any 
 (a) payment, prepayment, conversion or renewal of any Loan to which a LIBOR Term SOFR Rate Option applies on a day other than the last day of the corresponding Interest Period (whether or not such payment or prepayment is mandatory, voluntary or automatic and whether or not such payment or prepayment is then due), 
 (b) attempt by the Borrower to revoke (expressly, by later inconsistent notices or otherwise) in whole or part any Loan Requests under Section 2.5 Revolving Credit Loan Requests Swing Loan Requests or Section 4.2 Interest Periods or notice relating to prepayments under Section 5.6 Voluntary Prepayments or failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Loan under the Base Rate Option on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower , or 
 (c) any assignment of a Loan under the Term SOFR Rate Option on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.12 Replacement of a Lender . 
 If any Lender sustains or incurs any such loss or expense, it shall from time to time notify the Borrower of the amount determined in good faith by such Lender 
 69 

(which determination may include such assumptions, allocations of costs and expenses and averaging or attribution methods as such Lender shall deem reasonable) to be necessary to indemnify such Lender for such loss or expense. Such notice shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis for such determination. Such amount shall be due and payable by the Borrower to such Lender ten (10) Business Days after such notice is given. 
 1.k Settlement Date Procedures. 
 In order to minimize the transfer of funds between the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow Swing Loans and PNC may make Swing Loans as provided in Section 2.1.2 Swing Loan Commitments hereof during the period between Settlement Dates. The Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of its Ratable Share of the total of the Revolving Credit Loans and the Swing Loans (each a Required Share ). On such Settlement Date, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent the amount equal to the difference between its Required Share and its Revolving Credit Loans, and the Administrative Agent shall pay to each Lender its Ratable Share of all payments made by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent with respect to the Revolving Credit Loans. The Administrative Agent shall also effect settlement in accordance with the foregoing sentence on the proposed Borrowing Dates for Revolving Credit Loans and on any mandatory prepayment date as provided for herein and may at its option effect settlement on any other Business Day. These settlement procedures are established solely as a matter of administrative convenience, and nothing contained in this Section 5.11 shall relieve the Lenders of their obligations to fund Revolving Credit Loans on dates other than a Settlement Date pursuant to Section 2.1.2 Swing Loan Commitment . The Administrative Agent may at any time at its option for any reason whatsoever require each Lender to pay immediately to the Administrative Agent such Lender's Ratable Share of the outstanding Revolving Credit Loans and each Lender may at any time require the Administrative Agent to pay immediately to such Lender its Ratable Share of all payments made by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent with respect to the Revolving Credit Loans. 
 1.l Replacement of a Lender. 
 If any Lender requests compensation under Section 5.8 Increased Costs , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Official Body for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 5.9 Taxes and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 5.13 Designation of a Different Lending Office , or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 11.8 Successors and Assigns ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 5.8 Increased Cost or Section 5.9 Taxes and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an eligible assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that 
 (a) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 11.8 Successors and Assigns 
 70 

(b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in Letter of Credit Borrowings, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 5.10 Indemnity from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) 
 (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 5.8 Increased Costs or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 5.9 Taxes , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter 
 (d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Law and 
 (e) in the case of any assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 1.m Designation of a Different Lending Office. 
 If any Lender requests compensation under Section 5.8 Increased Costs , or the Borrower is or will be required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Official Body for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 5.9 Taxes , then such Lender shall (at the request of the Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 5.8 Increased Costs or Section 5.9 Taxes , as the case may be, in the future, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 1.a Representations and Warranties. 
 The Loan Parties, jointly and severally, represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders as follows 
 1.1.iOrganization and Qualification Power and Authority Compliance With Laws Title to Properties Event of Default. 
 Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary of each Loan Party (i) is a corporation, partnership or limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (ii) has the lawful power to own or lease its properties and to engage in the business it presently conducts or proposes to conduct, (iii) is duly licensed or qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction where the property owned or leased by it or the nature of the business transacted by it or both makes such licensing or qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so would not constitute a 
 71 

Material Adverse Change, (iv) has full power to enter into, execute, deliver and carry out this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, to incur the Indebtedness contemplated by the Loan Documents and to perform its Obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and all such actions have been duly authorized by all necessary proceedings on its part, (v) is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws (other than Environmental Laws which are specifically addressed in Section 6.1.14 Environmental Matters in all jurisdictions in which any Loan Party or Subsidiary of any Loan Party is presently or will be doing business except where the failure to do so would not constitute a Material Adverse Change, and (vi) has good and marketable title to or valid leasehold interest in all properties, assets and other rights which it purports to own or lease or which are reflected as owned or leased on its books and records, free and clear of all Liens and encumbrances except Permitted Liens. No Event of Default or Potential Default exists or is continuing. 
 1.1.iiCapitalization and Ownership. 
 All of the authorized capital stock of the Borrower, and the shares (referred to herein as Shares of the Borrower that are issued and outstanding have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 1.1.iiiSubsidiaries. 
 Schedule 6.1.3 states as of the Closing Date (i) the name of each of the Borrower's Subsidiaries, its jurisdiction of organization and the amount, percentage and type of equity interests in such Subsidiary (the Subsidiary Equity Interests ), and (ii) any options, warrants or other rights outstanding to purchase any such equity interests referred to in clause (i). The Borrower and each Subsidiary of the Borrower has good and marketable title to all of the Subsidiary Equity Interests it purports to own, free and clear in each case of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) and all such Subsidiary Equity Interests have been validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. None of the Loan Parties or Subsidiaries of any Loan Party is an investment company registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or under the control of an investment company as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 1.1.ivValidity and Binding Effect. 
 This Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents (i) has been duly and validly executed and delivered by each Loan Party, and (ii) constitutes, or will constitute, legal, valid and binding obligations of each Loan Party which is or will be a party thereto, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws. 
 1.1.vNo Conflict Material Agreements Consents. 
 Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents by any Loan Party nor the consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated or compliance with the terms and provisions hereof or thereof by any of them will conflict with, constitute a default under or result in any breach of (i) the terms and conditions of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws, certificate of limited partnership, partnership agreement, certificate of 
 72 

formation, limited liability company agreement or other organizational documents of any Loan Party or (ii) any Law or any material agreement or instrument or order, writ, judgment, injunction or decree to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or to which it is subject, or result in the creation or enforcement of any Lien, charge or encumbrance whatsoever upon any property (now or hereafter acquired) of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Liens granted under the Loan Documents), except, in the case of subclause (ii), any breach that would not result in a Material Adverse Change. There is no default under such material agreement (referred to above) and none of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries is bound by any contractual obligation, or subject to any restriction in any organization document, or any requirement of Law which could result in a Material Adverse Change. No consent, approval, exemption, order or authorization of, or a registration or filing with, any Official Body or any other Person is required by any Law or any agreement in connection with the execution, delivery and carrying out of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, except for consents, approvals, exemptions, orders, authorizations, registrations or filings that have already been made or obtained. 
 1.1.viLitigation. 
 There are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened against such Loan Party or any Subsidiary of such Loan Party at law or in equity before any Official Body which individually or in the aggregate would result in any Material Adverse Change. None of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiaries of any Loan Party is in violation of any order, writ, injunction or any decree of any Official Body which would result in any Material Adverse Change. 
 1.1.viiFinancial Statements. 
 (a) Historical Statements . The Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent copies of its audited consolidated year-end financial statements for and as of the end of the three (3) fiscal years ended December 31, 2017. In addition, the Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent copies of its unaudited consolidated interim financial statements for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2018 (all such annual and interim statements being collectively referred to as the Statements ). The Statements were compiled from the books and records maintained by the Borrower's management and fairly represent, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof and the results of operations for the fiscal periods then ended and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject (in the case of the interim statements) to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 
 (b) Accuracy of Financial Statements . Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary of the Borrower has any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, or forward or long-term commitments that are not disclosed in the Statements or in the notes thereto, and except as disclosed therein there are no unrealized or anticipated losses from any commitments of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower which may cause a Material Adverse Change. Since December 31, 2017, no Material Adverse Change has occurred. 
 1.1.viiiMargin Stock. 
 None of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiaries of any Loan Party engages or intends to engage principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business 
 73 

of extending credit for the purpose, immediately, incidentally or ultimately, of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U, T or X as promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System). No part of the proceeds of any Loan has been or will be used, immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock or which is inconsistent with the provisions of the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 1.1.ixFull Disclosure. 
 Neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document, nor any certificate, statement, agreement or other documents furnished to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection herewith or therewith, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein and therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Other than as disclosed in filings made by the Borrower with the Securities and Exchange Commission, there is no fact known to any Loan Party which could result in a Material Adverse Change. 
 1.1.xTaxes. 
 Except as would not result in a Material Adverse Change, all federal, state, local and other tax returns required to have been filed with respect to each Loan Party and each Subsidiary of each Loan Party have been filed, and payment or adequate provision has been made for the payment of all taxes, fees, assessments and other governmental charges which have or may become due pursuant to said returns or to assessments received, except to the extent that such taxes, fees, assessments and other charges are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which such reserves or other appropriate provisions, if any, as shall be required by GAAP shall have been made. 
 1.1.xiPatents, Trademarks, Copyrights, Licenses, Etc. 
 Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary of each Loan Party owns or possesses all the material patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses, registrations, franchises, permits and rights necessary to own and operate its properties and to carry on its business as presently conducted and planned to be conducted by such Loan Party or Subsidiary, without known possible, alleged or actual conflict with the rights of others, except as would not result in a Material Adverse Change. 
 1.1.xiiInsurance. 
 The properties of each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries are insured pursuant to policies and other bonds which are valid and in full force and effect and which provide adequate coverage from reputable and financially sound insurers in amounts sufficient to insure the assets and risks of each such Loan Party and Subsidiary in accordance with prudent business practice in the industry of such Loan Parties and Subsidiaries. 
 1.1.xiiiBenefit Arrangement, Pension Plan and Multiemployer Plan Compliance. 
 Except as would not result in a Material Adverse Change 
 74 

(a) Each Pension Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state Laws. Each Pension Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received from the IRS a favorable determination or opinion letter, which has not by its terms expired, that such Pension Plan is so qualified, or such Pension Plan is entitled to rely on an IRS advisory or opinion letter with respect to an IRS-approved master and prototype or volume submitter plan, or a timely application for such a determination or opinion letter is currently being processed by the IRS with respect thereto and, to the best knowledge of Borrower, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification. Borrower and each member of the ERISA Group have made all required contributions to each Pension Plan subject to Sections 412 or 430 of the Code, and no application for a funding waiver or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Sections 412 or 430 of the Code has been made with respect to any Pension Plan. 
 (b) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur (a) no Pension Plan has any unfunded pension liability (i.e., excess of benefit liabilities over the current value of that Pension Plan's assets, determined pursuant to the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan for the applicable plan year in accordance with Section 430 of the Code) (b) neither Borrower nor any member of the ERISA Group has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA) (c) neither Borrower nor any member of the ERISA Group has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Section 4201 of ERISA, with respect to a Multiemployer Plan (d) neither Borrower nor any member of the ERISA Group has received notice pursuant to Section 4242(a)(1)(B) of ERISA that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization and that additional contributions are due to the Multiemployer Plan pursuant to Section 4243 of ERISA and (e) neither Borrower nor any member of the ERISA Group has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA. 
 1.1.xivEnvironmental Matters. 
 Each Loan Party is and, to the knowledge of each respective Loan Party, each of its Subsidiaries is and has been in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws except as would not in the aggregate result in a Material Adverse Change. 
 1.1.xvSolvency. 
 On the Closing Date and after giving effect to the initial Loans hereunder, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. 
 1.1.xvi Sanctions and other Anti-Terrorism Laws. 
 (i) No Covered Entity , nor any employees, officers, directors, affiliates, consultants, brokers, or agents acting on a Covered Entity s behalf in connection with this Agreement (i) is a Sanctioned Person, and (ii) no Covered Entity, either in its own right directly or indirectly through any third party , (a) has is engaged in any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control transactions or other dealings with or for the benefit of a any Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law, (b) does business in or with, or derives any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any or Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law or (c) engages in any Jurisdiction, or any transaction or other dealings or transactions that are otherwise prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
 75 

1.1.xviiSenior Debt Status. 
 The Obligations of each Loan Party under this Agreement, the Notes, the Guaranty Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party do rank and will rank at least pari passu in priority of payment with all other Indebtedness of such Loan Party except Indebtedness of such Loan Party to the extent secured by Permitted Liens. There is no Lien upon or with respect to any of the properties or income of any Loan Party or Subsidiary of any Loan Party which secures indebtedness or other obligations of any Person except for Permitted Liens. 
 1.1.xviiiAnti-Corruption Laws. 
 Each Covered Entity has (a) conducted its business in compliance with all Anti-Corruption Laws and (b) has instituted and maintains policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with such Laws. 
 1.1.xixCertificate of Beneficial Ownership. 
 The Certificate of Beneficial Ownership executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent and Lenders for each Borrower on or prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, as updated from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, is accurate, complete and correct as of the date hereof and as of the date any such update is delivered. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Certificate of Beneficial Ownership is one of the Loan Documents. 
 7. CONDITIONS OF LENDING AND ISSUANCE OF LETTERS OF CREDIT 
 The obligation of each Lender to make Loans and of the Issuing Lender to issue Letters of Credit hereunder is subject to the performance by each of the Loan Parties of its Obligations to be performed hereunder at or prior to the making of any such Loans or issuance of such Letters of Credit and to the satisfaction of the following further conditions 
 1.a First Loans and Letters of Credit. 
 1.1.iDeliveries. 
 On the Closing Date or such later date as the Administrative Agent may determine in its sole discretion, the Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (a) A certificate of each of the Loan Parties signed by an Authorized Officer, dated the Closing Date stating that (v) all representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects, (w) the Loan Parties are in compliance with each of the covenants and conditions hereunder, (x) no Event of Default or Potential Default exists, (y) no Acquired Business Material Adverse Effect has occurred since December 31, 2017, and (z) no Material Adverse Change has occurred since December 31, 2017 
 (b) A certificate dated the Closing Date and signed by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each of the Loan Parties, certifying as appropriate as to (a) all action taken by each Loan Party in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (b) the names of the Authorized Officers authorized to sign the Loan Documents and their true 
 76 

signatures and (c) copies of its organizational documents as in effect on the Closing Date certified by the appropriate state official where such documents are filed in a state office together with certificates from the appropriate state officials as to the continued existence and good standing of each Loan Party in each state where organized and in each jurisdiction where the failure to be qualified to do business would result in a Material Adverse Change 
 (c) This Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents signed by an Authorized Officer 
 (d) A written opinion of counsel for the Loan Parties 
 (e) Evidence that adequate insurance required to be maintained under this Agreement is in full force and effect, with additional insured special endorsements attached thereto in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel naming the Administrative Agent as additional insured 
 (f) A duly completed Compliance Certificate as of the Closing Date, setting forth pro-forma compliance of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, after giving effect to the Acquisition and Loans made on the Closing Date (the Closing Date Compliance Certificate 
 (g) Evidence of all regulatory approvals, licenses and material consents required to effectuate the transactions contemplated hereby and contemplated by the Acquisition Documents and there shall be an absence of any legal or regulatory prohibitions or restrictions in connection with the same 
 (h) A Lien search in acceptable scope and with reasonably acceptable results 
 (i) Pro forma projections for the fiscal years 2018 through 2022, including assumptions used in preparing the forecast financial statements 
 (j) Evidence of no environmental liabilities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that would result in a Material Adverse Change 
 (k) Evidence of no material litigation of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that would result in a Material Adverse Change 
 (l) an executed Certificate of Beneficial Ownership in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and such other documentation and other information requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act. 
 1.1.iiPayment of Fees. 
 The Borrower shall have paid all fees and expenses invoiced at least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including without limitation, fees payable pursuant to the fee letter of even date herewith between Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 1.b Each Loan or Letter of Credit. 
 At the time of making any Loans or issuing, extending or increasing any Letters of Credit and after giving effect to the proposed extensions of credit (i) the 
 77 

representations, warranties of the Loan Parties shall then be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date), (ii) no Event of Default or Potential Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and (iii) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a duly executed and completed Loan Request or to the Issuing Lender an application for a Letter of Credit, as the case may be. 
 8. COVENANTS 
 The Loan Parties, jointly and severally, covenant and agree that until Payment In Full, the Loan Parties shall comply at all times with the following covenants 
 1.a Affirmative Covenants. 
 1.1.iPreservation of Existence, Etc. 
 Each Loan Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain its legal existence as a corporation, limited partnership or limited liability company and its license or qualification and good standing in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the nature of its business makes such license or qualification necessary, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 
 1.1.iiPayment of Liabilities, Including Taxes, Etc. 
 Except as would not result in a Material Adverse Change and, in the case of liabilities owing in respect of Indebtedness, except for payments of Indebtedness, the non-payment of which would not result in an Event of Default, each Loan Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, duly pay and discharge all liabilities to which it is subject or which are asserted against it, promptly as and when the same shall become due and payable, including all taxes, assessments and governmental charges upon it or any of its properties, assets, income or profits, prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto, except to the extent that such liabilities, including taxes, assessments or charges, are being contested in good faith and by appropriate and lawful proceedings diligently conducted and for which such reserve or other appropriate provisions, if any, as shall be required by GAAP shall have been made. 
 1.1.iiiMaintenance of Insurance. 
 Each Loan Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, insure its properties and assets against loss or damage by fire and such other insurable hazards as such assets are commonly insured (including fire, extended coverage, property damage, workers' compensation, public liability and business interruption insurance) and against other risks (including errors and omissions) in such amounts as similar properties and assets are insured by prudent companies in similar circumstances carrying on similar businesses, and with reputable and financially sound insurers, including self-insurance to the extent customary. 
 1.1.ivMaintenance of Properties and Leases. 
 78 

Each Loan Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain in good repair, working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted) in accordance with the general practice of other businesses of similar character and size, all of those properties useful or necessary to its business, and from time to time, such Loan Party will make or cause to be made all appropriate repairs, renewals or replacements thereof, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 
 1.1.vVisitation Rights. 
 Each Loan Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any of the officers or authorized employees or representatives of the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders to visit and inspect any of its properties and to examine and make excerpts from its books and records and discuss its business affairs, finances and accounts with its officers, all in such detail and at such times and as often as any of the Lenders may reasonably request, provided that each Lender shall provide the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with reasonable notice prior to any visit or inspection and provided further that, absent the existence of any Event of Default, such rights shall not be exercised more often than once during any calendar year. In the event any Lender desires to conduct an audit of any Loan Party, such Lender shall make a reasonable effort to conduct such audit contemporaneously with any audit to be performed by the Administrative Agent. 
 1.1.viKeeping of Records and Books of Account. 
 The Borrower shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary of the Borrower to, maintain and keep proper books of record and account which enable the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to issue financial statements in accordance with GAAP and as otherwise required by applicable Laws of any Official Body having jurisdiction over the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower, and in which full, true and correct entries shall be made in all material respects of all its dealings and business and financial affairs. 
 1.1.viiCompliance with Laws Use of Proceeds. 
 Each Loan Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all applicable Laws, including all Environmental Laws, in all respects provided that it shall not be deemed to be a violation of this Section 8.1.7 if any failure to do so would not result in a Material Adverse Change. The Loan Parties will use the Letters of Credit and the proceeds of the Loans only in accordance with Section 2.8 Use of Proceeds and as permitted by applicable Law. 
 1.1.viii Sanctions and other Anti-Terrorism Laws International Trade Compliance . 
 (a) No Covered Entity will become a Sanctioned Person, (b) no Covered Entity, e i ther in its own right or through any third party, will (A) have any of its assets in a Sanctioned Country or in the possession, custody or control of a Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law (B) do business in or with, or derive any of its income from investments in or transactions with, any Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law (C) engage in any dealings or transactions prohibited by any Anti-Terrorism Law or (D) use the Loans to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or, make any payments to, a Sanctioned Country or Sanctioned Person in violation of 
 79 

any Anti-Terrorism Law, (c) the funds used to repay the Obligations will not be derived from any unlawful activity , (d each Covered Entity shall comply with all Anti-Terrorism Laws, and (e) the Borrower shall promptly notify the Agent in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event 
 (i) The Loan Parties covenant and agree that they shall immediately notify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each of the Lenders in writing upon the occurrence of a Reportable Compliance Event and (ii each Covered Entity shall conduct their business in compliance with all Anti-Corruption Laws and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with such Laws . 
 1.1.ixKeepwell. 
 Each Qualified ECP Loan Party jointly and severally (together with each other Qualified ECP Loan Party) hereby absolutely unconditionally and irrevocably (a) guarantees the prompt payment and performance of all Swap Obligations owing by each Non-Qualifying Party (it being understood and agreed that this guarantee is a guaranty of payment and not of collection), and (b) undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by any Non-Qualifying Party to honor all of such Non-Qualifying Party's obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in respect of Swap Obligations (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Loan Party shall only be liable under this Section 8.1.9 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 8.1.9, or otherwise under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, voidable under applicable law, including applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Loan Party under this Section 8.1.9 shall remain in full force and effect until payment in full of the Obligations and termination of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Each Qualified ECP Loan Party intends that this Section 8.1.9 constitute, and this Section 8.1.9 shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18 (A)(v)(II) of the CEA. 
 1.1.xAdditional Guarantors. 
 At the Borrower's expense, subject to the limitations and exceptions of this Agreement, the Loan Parties shall cause each wholly-owned Domestic Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) to promptly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (a) a Guarantor Joinder pursuant to which it shall join as a Guarantor to each of the documents to which the Guarantors are parties (provided that if the Guaranty Agreement is not already in place, such Subsidiary shall also deliver the Guaranty Agreement) and (b) if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, documents in the forms described in clauses (i), (ii), (iv), (viii) and (xvii) of Section 7.1 First Loans and Letters of Credit modified as appropriate to relate to such Subsidiary. 
 1.1.xiCertificate of Beneficial Ownership and Other Additional Information. 
 Each Loan Party shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (i) confirmation of the accuracy of the information set forth in the most recent Certificate of Beneficial Ownership provided to the Administrative Agent and 
 80 

Lenders, (ii) a new Certificate of Beneficial Ownership, in form and substance acceptable to Administrative Agent and each Lenders, when the individual(s) to be identified as a Beneficial Owner have changed, and (iii) such other information and documentation as may reasonably be requested by Administrative Agent or any Lender from time to time for purposes of compliance by Administrative Agent or such Lender with applicable laws (including without limitation the USA Patriot Act and other know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations), and any policy or procedure implemented by the Administrative Agent or such Lender to comply therewith. 
 1.b Negative Covenants. 
 1.1.iIndebtedness. 
 Each of the Loan Parties shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, at any time create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except 
 (a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents 
 (b) Existing Indebtedness as set forth on Schedule 8.2.1 (including any Permitted Refinancing thereof) 
 (c) Indebtedness incurred with respect to Purchase Money Security Interests and capitalized leases as and to the extent permitted pursuant to clause (viii) of the definition of Permitted Liens 
 (d) Indebtedness owing to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent constituting an Investment permitted under Section 8.2.4 Loans and Investments 
 (e) Any (i) Lender Provided Interest Rate Hedge, (ii) Lender Provided Foreign Currency Hedge, (iii) other Interest Rate Hedge or Foreign Currency Hedge or (iv) Indebtedness under any Financial Service Product provided however, the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries shall enter into an Interest Rate Hedge or Foreign Currency Hedge only for hedging (rather than speculative) purposes 
 (f) Guarantees by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries otherwise permitted hereunder 
 (g) Indebtedness assumed in connection with any Permitted Acquisitions provided that (i) such Indebtedness is not incurred in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition and (ii) after giving effect thereto, on a pro forma basis, the Borrower would be in compliance with Section 8.2.14 Maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 8.3.1 Quarterly Financial Statements or Section 8.3.2 Annual Financial Statements 
 (h) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (i) Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in a Permitted Acquisition, any other Investment expressly permitted hereunder or any Disposition, in any such case solely constituting indemnification obligations or obligations in respect of purchase price or other similar adjustments 
 81 

(j) obligations in respect of performance, bid, stay, custom, appeal and surety bonds and other obligations of a like nature and performance and completion guarantees and similar obligations provided by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries 
 (k) Indebtedness secured by Liens as and to the extent permitted pursuant to clause (x) of the definition of Permitted Liens and 
 (l) other unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of 150,000,000 or ten percent (10 of Consolidated Total Assets. 
 1.1.iiLiens Lien Covenants. 
 Each of the Loan Parties shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, at any time create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any of its property or assets, tangible or intangible, now owned or hereafter acquired, except Permitted Liens. 
 1.1.iii Reserved . 
 1.1.ivLoans and Investments. 
 Each of the Loan Parties shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, at any time make or suffer to remain outstanding any Investment, except 
 (a) Investments existing on the Closing Date by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower and any modification, exchange in kind, renewal or extension thereof provided that the amount of the original Investment is not increased except by the terms of such Investment or as otherwise permitted under this Section 8.2.4 
 (b) trade credit extended on usual and customary terms in the ordinary course of business 
 (c) advances to employees to meet expenses incurred by such employees in the ordinary course of business 
 (d) Permitted Investments 
 (e) Investments (a) by any Loan Party in other Loan Parties, (b) by any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in any other Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party and (c) by any Loan Party in any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party and in any Joint Venture in an aggregate amount, together with the aggregate amount of Investments outstanding at any time under Section 8.2.4(xii), not to exceed at any time outstanding the greater of 150,000,000 and 10 of Consolidated Total Assets 
 (f) Interest Rate Hedges and Foreign Currency Hedges, in each case, entered into for hedging (rather than speculative) purposes 
 (g) Investments held by a Subsidiary of the Borrower acquired after the Closing Date or of a Person merged with or into the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after the Closing Date to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger or consolidation and were in existence on the date of 
 82 

such acquisition, merger or consolidation and so long as none of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries (other than any Persons so acquired) has any liability or other obligation with respect to such Investments 
 (h) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit and Article 4 customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with past practices 
 (i) Promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with Dispositions permitted by Section 8.2.6 
 (j) Investments (including debt obligations and Equity Interests) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers or in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business or upon the foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment 
 (k) Guarantees by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of leases (other than capitalized leases) or of other obligations of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries otherwise permitted hereunder that do not constitute Indebtedness, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (l) Investments at any time outstanding that, together with any Investments outstanding at any time under Section 8.2.4(v)(c), do not exceed the greater of 150,000,000 or ten percent (10 of Consolidated Total Assets 
 (m) the Loan Parties may consummate the Acquisition and any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries may acquire, whether by purchase or by merger, (A) all or substantially all of the ownership interests of another Person or (B) all or substantially all of the assets of another Person or of a business or division of another Person (each a Permitted Acquisition ), provided that each of the following requirements is met 
 (i) if a Loan Party is acquiring the ownership interests in such Person, such Person (unless an Excluded Subsidiary) shall comply with Section 8.1.10 Additional Guarantors 
 (ii) the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of such Person shall have approved such Permitted Acquisition 
 (iii) the business acquired, or the business conducted by the Person whose ownership interests are being acquired, as applicable, shall be similar or complimentary to one or more line or lines of business or operations conducted by the Loan Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries and shall comply with Section 8.2.9 Continuation of or Change in Business 
 (iv) no Potential Default or Event of Default shall exist immediately prior to and after giving effect to such Permitted Acquisition 
 (v) if the Consideration in connection with any such Permitted Acquisition exceeds 50,000,000, the Borrower shall certify that the representations and warranties contained in Article 6 shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of such Permitted Acquisition (except representations and warranties which expressly relate solely to an earlier date or time) and that it shall be in compliance with the covenants contained in Article 8 after giving effect to such Permitted Acquisition (including in such computation 
 83 

Indebtedness or other liabilities assumed or incurred in connection with such Permitted Acquisition but excluding (except as set forth in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA) income earned or expenses incurred by the Person, business or assets to be acquired prior to the date of such Permitted Acquisition) by delivering at least five (5) Business Days prior to such Permitted Acquisition a certificate in the form of Exhibit 8.2.4 evidencing such compliance and 
 (vi) the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Administrative Agent at least five (5) Business Days before such Permitted Acquisition copies of any agreements entered into or proposed to be entered into by such Loan Parties or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with such Permitted Acquisition, and shall deliver to the Administrative Agent such other information about such Person or its assets as any Lender may reasonably require. 
 1.1.vLiquidations, Mergers, Consolidations. 
 Each of the Loan Parties shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, dissolve, liquidate or wind-up its affairs, or become a party to any merger or consolidation provided that 
 (a) any Loan Party other than the Borrower may consolidate or merge into another Loan Party 
 (b) any Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party may merge with and into the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower 
 (c) any Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than a Loan Party) may liquidate, dissolve or wind-up its affairs if the Borrower determines that such action is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and 
 (d) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge or consolidate with any other Person in connection with any transaction permitted under Section 8.2.4 Loans and Investments or Section 8.2.6 Disposition of Assets or Subsidiaries . 
 1.1.viDispositions of Assets or Subsidiaries. 
 Each of the Loan Parties shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, convey, assign, lease, abandon or otherwise transfer or dispose of (each, a Disposition voluntarily or involuntarily, any of its properties or assets, tangible or intangible (including a LLC Division or sale, assignment, discount or other disposition of accounts, contract rights, chattel paper, equipment or general intangibles with or without recourse or of Capital Stock of a Subsidiary of such Loan Party and with respect to any Subsidiary of the Borrower, the issuance of Capital Stock of such Subsidiary, but excluding any issuance of Capital Stock by the Borrower), except 
 (a) Dispositions involving the sale of inventory in the ordinary course of business 
 (b) Dispositions of assets in the ordinary course of business which are no longer necessary or required in the conduct of such Loan Party's or such Subsidiary's business 
 (c) Dispositions constituting Investments permitted under Section 8.2.4 Loans and Investments and Dispositions permitted under clauses (i) through (iii) of Section 8.2.5 Liquidations, Mergers Consolidations 
 84 

(d) Dispositions of assets in the ordinary course of business which are replaced by substitute assets acquired or leased 
 (e) Dispositions of Permitted Investments 
 (f) Dispositions in connection with Casualty Events 
 (g) the unwinding of Interest Rate Hedges and Foreign Currency Hedges 
 (h) leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses entered into the ordinary course of business, in each case, which do not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or 
 (i) any other Disposition, so long as the after-tax proceeds (as reasonably estimated by the Borrower) are reinvested. 
 1.1.viiAffiliate Transactions. 
 Each of the Loan Parties shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into or carry out any transaction with any Affiliate of any Loan Party (including purchasing property or services from or selling property or services to any Affiliate of any Loan Party or other Person), except the following 
 (a) any transaction among the Loan Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any entity that becomes a Subsidiary as a result of such transaction, in each case, to the extent not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement 
 (b) any transaction that is not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement, is entered into in the ordinary course of business upon fair and reasonable arm's-length terms and conditions and 
 (c) payment by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower of customary fees and compensation and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, directors, officers and employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
 1.1.viii Reserved . 
 1.1.ixContinuation of or Change in Business. 
 Each of the Loan Parties shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any material line of business other than substantially as conducted and operated by such Loan Party or Subsidiary during the present fiscal year and any business or other activities that are reasonably similar, ancillary, incidental, complementary or related thereto or a reasonable extension or expansion thereof. 
 1.1.xFiscal Year. 
 The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary of the Borrower to, change its fiscal year from the twelve-month period beginning January 1 and ending December 31. 
 1.1.xiReserved. 
 85 

1.1.xiiReserved. 
 1.1.xiiiLimitation on Negative Pledges. 
 Each of the Loan Parties shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary, to enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any agreement that prohibits or limits the ability of such Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure the Obligations, other than (a) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (b) with respect to a Subsidiary imposed pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into in connection with a disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement of all or substantially all of the equity interests or assets of such Subsidiary, (c) any agreements governing any purchase money Liens or capital lease obligations otherwise permitted hereby (in which case, any prohibition or limitation shall only be effective against the assets financed thereby), (d) customary provisions restricting assignment of any licensing agreement (in which a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries are the licensee) with respect to a contract entered into by a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, (e) customary provisions restricting subletting, sublicensing or assignment of any intellectual property license or any lease governing any leasehold interests of a Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, (f) any agreements that are binding on a Person that becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower (in which case, any prohibition or limitation shall only be effective against the assets financed thereby), and (g) customary restrictions that arise in connection with any Permitted Lien (in which case, any prohibition or limitation shall only be effective against the assets financed thereby). 
 1.1.xivMaximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio. 
 The Loan Parties shall not permit the Consolidated Leverage Ratio of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, calculated as of the end of each fiscal quarter (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2018), to exceed 3.0 to 1.0. 
 1.1.xvMinimum Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio. 
 The Loan Parties shall not permit the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, calculated as of the end of each fiscal quarter for the four (4) fiscal quarters then ended (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2018), to be less than 4.0 to 1.0. 
 1.1.xviSanctions and other Anti-Terrorism Laws. 
 Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries will not (i) become a Sanctioned Person or allow any employees, officers, directors, affiliates, consultants, brokers, or agents acting on its behalf in connection with this Agreement to become a Sanctioned Person (ii) directly, or indirectly through a third party, engage in any transactions or other dealings with or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Jurisdiction, including any use of the proceeds of the Loans to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or, make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Jurisdiction (iii) repay the Loans with Embargoed Property or funds derived from any unlawful activity or (iv) cause any Lender, Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent to violate any Anti-Terrorism Law. 
 86 

1.1.xviiAnti-Corruption Laws. 
 Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any its Subsidiaries to directly or indirectly, use the Loans or any proceeds thereof for any purpose which would breach any Anti-Corruption Laws in any jurisdiction in which any Covered Entity conducts business. 
 1.c Reporting Requirements. 
 The Loan Parties will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders 
 1.1.iQuarterly Financial Statements. 
 Within 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of the Borrower, the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income and of cash flows for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, certified by the Chief Executive Officer, President or Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments) as having been prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied and setting forth in comparative form the respective financial statements for the corresponding date and period in the previous fiscal year. 
 1.1.iiAnnual Financial Statements. 
 Within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related audited consolidated statements of income and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, reported on without a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, by Ernst & Young LLP or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing. 
 1.1.iiiCertificate of the Borrower. 
 Concurrently with the financial statements of the Borrower furnished to the Administrative Agent and to the Lenders pursuant to Sections 8.3.1 Quarterly Financial Statements and 8.3.2 Annual Financial Statements , a certificate (each a Compliance Certificate of the Borrower signed by the Chief Executive Officer, President or Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower, in the form of Exhibit 8.3.3 . 
 1.1.ivNotices. 
 1.1.1.1 Default . Promptly after any officer of any Loan Party has learned of the occurrence of an Event of Default or Potential Default, a certificate signed by an Authorized Officer setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Potential Default and the action which such Loan Party proposes to take with respect thereto. 
 87 

1.1.1.2 Litigation . Promptly after the commencement thereof, notice of all actions, suits, proceedings or investigations before or by any Official Body or any other Person against any Loan Party or Subsidiary of any Loan Party which would result in a Material Adverse Change. 
 1.1.1.3 Reserved . 
 1.1.1.4 Erroneous Financial Information . Promptly in the event that the Borrower or its accountants conclude or advise that any previously issued financial statement or audit report should no longer be relied upon or that disclosure should be made or action should be taken to prevent future reliance, notice in writing setting forth the details thereof and the action which the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto. 
 1.1.1.5 ERISA Event. Promptly upon the occurrence of any ERISA Event which would constitute a Material Adverse Change, notice in writing setting forth the details thereof and the action which the Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto. 
 1.1.1.6 Other Reports . Promptly upon their becoming available to the Borrower 
 (a) Annual Budget . The annual budget and any forecasts or projections of the Borrower, to be supplied not later than thirty (30) days after commencement of the fiscal year to which any of the foregoing may be applicable, 
 (b) Management Letters . Any reports including management letters submitted to the Borrower by independent accountants in connection with any annual, interim or special audit, 
 (c) SEC Reports Shareholder Communications . Reports, including Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, registration statements and prospectuses and other shareholder communications, filed by the Borrower with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and 
 (d) Other Information . Such other reports and information as any of the Lenders may from time to time reasonably request. 
 1.1.vDelivery. 
 Information required to be delivered pursuant to Article 8 shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Lenders on the date on which such information has been posted on the Borrower's website on the Internet at www.gentex.com or is available on the website of the SEC at www.sec.gov (to the extent such information has been posted or is available as described in such notice). Information required to be delivered pursuant to Article 8 may also be delivered by electronic communication pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.5.2 Electronic Communications . 
 9. DEFAULT 
 1.a Events of Default. 
 An Event of Default shall mean the occurrence or existence of any one or more of the following events or conditions (whatever the reason therefor and whether voluntary, involuntary or effected by operation of Law) 
 88 

1.1.iPayments Under Loan Documents. 
 The Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan (including scheduled installments, mandatory prepayments or the payment due at maturity), Reimbursement Obligation or Letter of Credit or Obligation or any interest on any Loan, Reimbursement Obligation or Letter of Credit Obligation or any other amount owing hereunder or under the other Loan Documents on the date on which such principal becomes due in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof and, in the case of interest or any other amount, within three (3) Business Days of such interest or other amount becoming due in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof 
 1.1.iiBreach of Warranty. 
 Any representation or warranty made at any time by any of the Loan Parties herein or by any of the Loan Parties in any other Loan Document, or in any certificate, other instrument or statement furnished pursuant to the provisions hereof or thereof, shall prove to have been false or misleading in any material respect as of the time it was made or furnished 
 1.1.iiiReserved. 

1.1.ivBreach of Negative Covenants, Anti-Terrorism Laws or Notice of Default. 
 Any of the Loan Parties shall default in the observance or performance of any covenant contained in Section 8.1.8 Sanctions and other Anti-Terrorism Laws International Trade Law Compliance , Section 8.2 Negative Covenants or Section 8.3.4.1 Default 
 1.1.vBreach of Other Covenants. 
 Any of the Loan Parties shall default in the observance or performance of any other covenant, condition or provision hereof or of any other Loan Document and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days from receipt of notice to the defaulting party by the Administrative Agent 
 1.1.viDefaults in Other Agreements or Indebtedness. 
 A default or event of default shall occur (after giving effect to the cure periods, if any, applicable thereto) at any time under the terms of any other agreement involving borrowed money or the extension of credit or any other Indebtedness under which any Loan Party or Subsidiary of any Loan Party may be obligated as a borrower or guarantor in excess of 35,000,000 in the aggregate, and such default or event of default consists of the failure to pay (beyond any period of grace permitted with respect thereto) any Indebtedness when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) or if such default or event of default permits or causes the acceleration of any Indebtedness or the termination of any commitment to lend 
 1.1.viiFinal Judgments or Orders. 
 89 

Any final judgments or orders for the payment of money in excess of 35,000,000 in the aggregate (excluding liabilities to the extent paid or covered by insurance as to which the relevant insurance company has not disputed coverage) shall be entered against any Loan Party by a court having jurisdiction in the premises, which judgment is not discharged, vacated, bonded or stayed pending appeal within a period of thirty (30) days from the date of entry 
 1.1.viiiLoan Document Unenforceable. 
 Any of the Loan Documents shall cease to be legal, valid and binding agreements enforceable against the party executing the same or such party's successors and assigns (as permitted under the Loan Documents) in accordance with the respective terms thereof or shall in any way be terminated (except in accordance with its terms) or become or be declared ineffective or inoperative or shall in any way be challenged or contested or cease to give or provide the respective Liens, security interests, rights, titles, interests, remedies, powers or privileges intended to be created thereby 
 1.1.ixEvents Relating to Benefit Arrangements, Pension Plans and Multiemployer Plans. 
 (a) (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any member of the ERISA Group under Title IV of ERISA in an aggregate amount which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, or (ii) any member of the ERISA Group fails to pay when, as a matter of law, due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its assessed (whether or not review and appeal is pending) withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan, where the failure to make such payment of the aggregate amount of unamortized withdrawal liability has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change 
 1.1.xChange of Control. 
 A Change of Control shall occur or 
 1.1.xiRelief Proceedings. 
 (i) A Relief Proceeding shall have been instituted against any Loan Party and such Relief Proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days or such court shall enter a decree or order granting any of the relief sought in such Relief Proceeding, (ii) any Loan Party institutes, or takes any action in furtherance of, a Relief Proceeding, or (iii) any Loan Party admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature. 
 1.b Consequences of Event of Default. 
 1.1.iEvents of Default Other Than Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Reorganization Proceedings. 
 If an Event of Default specified under Sections 9.1.1 through 9.1.10 shall occur and be continuing, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall be under no further obligation to make Loans and the Issuing Lender shall be under no obligation to issue Letters of Credit and the Administrative Agent may, and upon the request of the Required Lenders, shall (i) by written notice to the Borrower, 
 90 

declare the unpaid principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and all interest accrued thereon, any unpaid fees and all other Indebtedness of the Borrower to the Lenders hereunder and thereunder to be forthwith due and payable, and the same shall thereupon become and be immediately due and payable to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of each Lender without presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, and (ii) require the Borrower to, and the Borrower shall thereupon, deposit in a non-interest-bearing account with the Administrative Agent, as cash collateral for its Obligations under the Loan Documents, an amount equal to the maximum amount currently or at any time thereafter available to be drawn on all outstanding Letters of Credit, and the Borrower hereby pledges to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and grants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a security interest in, all such cash as security for such Obligations and 
 1.1.iiBankruptcy, Insolvency or Reorganization Proceedings. 
 If an Event of Default specified under Section 9.1.11 Relief Proceedings shall occur and be continuing, the Lenders shall be under no further obligations to make Loans hereunder and the Issuing Lender shall be under no obligation to issue Letters of Credit and the unpaid principal amount of the Loans then outstanding and all interest accrued thereon, any unpaid fees and all other Indebtedness of the Borrower to the Lenders hereunder and thereunder shall be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived and 
 1.1.iiiSet-off. 
 If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, the Issuing Lender, and each of their respective Affiliates and any participant of such Lender or Affiliate which has agreed in writing to be bound by the provisions of Section 5.3 Sharing of Payments by Lenders is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, the Issuing Lender or any such Affiliate or participant to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any and all of the Obligations of such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender, the Issuing Lender, Affiliate or participant, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, Issuing Lender, Affiliate or participant shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such Obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or the Issuing Lender different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such Indebtedness , provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.11 Defaulting Lenders and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lenders, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender 
 91 

as to which it exercised such right of setoff . The rights of each Lender, the Issuing Lender and their respective Affiliates and participants under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the Issuing Lender or their respective Affiliates and participants may have. Each Lender and the Issuing Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. The provisions of this Section 9.2.3 are solely for the benefit of the Lenders and the Issuing Lender (and their Affiliates and participants), and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions and 
 1.1.ivApplication of Proceeds. 
 From and after the date on which the Administrative Agent has taken any action pursuant to this Section 9.2 and until Payment in Full, any and all proceeds received by the Administrative Agent from any sale or other disposition of any assets of any Loan Party after entry of judgment, or any part thereof, or the exercise of any other remedy by the Administrative Agent, shall be applied as follows 
 (a) First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts, including attorney fees, payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such, the Issuing Lender in its capacity as such and the Swing Loan Lender in its capacity as such, ratably among the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and Swing Loan Lender in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause First payable to them 
 (b) Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders under the Loan Documents, including attorney fees, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them 
 (c) Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them 
 (d) Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, Reimbursement Obligations and payment obligations then owing under Lender Provided Interest Rate Hedges, Lender Provided Foreign Currency Hedges, and Other Lender Provided Financial Service Products, ratably among the Lenders, the Issuing Lender, and the Lenders or Affiliates of Lenders which provide Lender Provided Interest Rate Hedges, Lender Provided Foreign Currency Hedges and Other Lender Provided Financial Service Products, in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them 
 (e) Fifth , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Issuing Lender, to cash collateralize any undrawn amounts under outstanding Letters of Credit and 
 (f) Last , the balance, if any, to the Loan Parties or as required by Law. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 9.2.4, no Swap Obligations of any Non-Qualifying Party shall be paid with amounts received from such Non-Qualifying Party under its Guaranty Agreement (including sums received as a result of the exercise of remedies with 
 92 

respect to such Guaranty Agreement) or from the proceeds of such Non-Qualifying Party's collateral for the Obligations (if any) if such Swap Obligations would constitute Excluded Hedge Liabilities provided, however, that to the extent possible appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments and or the proceeds of collateral for the Obligations (if any) from other Loan Parties that are Eligible Contract Participants with respect to such Swap Obligations to preserve the allocation to Obligations otherwise set forth above in this Section 9.2.4. 
 10. THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 1.a Appointment and Authority. 
 Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Lender hereby irrevocably appoints PNC to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article 10 are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Lender, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions . It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties . 
 1.b Rights as a Lender. 
 The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 1.c Exculpatory Provisions. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent 
 (i) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Potential Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (ii) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of 
 93 

the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law and 
 (iii) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 11.1 Modifications, Amendments or Waivers and 9.2 Consequences of Event of Default or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Potential Default or Event of Default unless and until notice describing such Potential Default or Event of Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or the Issuing Lender. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Potential Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article 7 Conditions of Lending and Issuance of Letters of Credit or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 1.d Reliance by Administrative Agent. 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the Issuing Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the Issuing Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or the Issuing Lender prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension, as the case may be, of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and 
 94 

shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 1.e Delegation of Duties. 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article 10 shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. 
 1.f Resignation of Administrative Agent. 
 
 (i) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Lender and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with written approval from an Authorized Officer of the Borrower (so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), to appoint a successor, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date , then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Lender, appoint a successor Administrative Agent provided that if the in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 
 (ii) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, in consultation with the Borrower , appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date , then such resignation removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and on the Removal Effective Date. 
 (iii) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (i) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the Issuing Lender under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) except for any indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the Issuing Lender directly, until such time as the Required 
 95 

Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section 10.6. Upon the acceptance of a successor's appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) or removed Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent , and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section) . The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent's resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article 10 and Section 11.3 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 If PNC resigns as Administrative Agent under this Section 10.6, PNC shall also resign as an Issuing Lender. Upon the appointment of a successor Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall (i) succeed to all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of PNC as the retiring Issuing Lender and Administrative Agent and PNC shall be discharged from all of its respective duties and obligations as Issuing Lender and Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents, and (ii) issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit issued by PNC, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangement satisfactory to PNC to effectively assume the obligations of PNC with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 1.g Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. 
 Each Lender and the Issuing Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and the Issuing Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 1.h No Other Duties, etc. 
 Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the financial institutions listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or the Issuing Lender hereunder. 
 1.i Reserved . 

1.j Authorization to Release Guarantors. 
 96 

The Lenders and Issuing Lender authorize the Administrative Agent to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty Agreement if the ownership interests in such Guarantor are sold or otherwise disposed of or transferred to Persons other than Loan Parties or Subsidiaries of the Loan Parties in a transaction permitted under Section 8.2.6 Dispositions of Assets or Subsidiaries or Section 8.2.5 Liquidations, Mergers, Consolidations . In each case as specified in this Section 10.10 Authorization to Release Guarantors , the Administrative Agent will (and each Lender irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to), at the Borrower's expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under this Agreement and the Guaranty Agreement, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 10.10 Authorization to Release Guarantors . 
 1.k No Reliance on Administrative Agent's Customer Identification Program. 
 Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that neither such Lender, nor any of its Affiliates, participants or assignees, may rely on the Administrative Agent to carry out such Lender's, Affiliate's, participant's or assignee's customer identification program, or other obligations required or imposed under or pursuant to the USA Patriot Act or the regulations thereunder, including the regulations contained in 31 CFR 103.121 (as hereafter amended or replaced, the CIP Regulations ), or any other Anti-Terrorism Law, including any programs involving any of the following items relating to or in connection with any of the Loan Parties, their Affiliates or their agents, the Loan Documents or the transactions hereunder or contemplated hereby (i) any identity verification procedures, (ii) any recordkeeping, (iii) comparisons with government lists, (iv) customer notices or (v) other procedures required under the CIP Regulations or such other Laws. 
 1.l ERISA Matters. 
 (i) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not for the benefit of Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i)such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments, 
 (ii)the transaction exemption set forth in one or more Prohibited Transaction Exemptions PTEs ), such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 97 

(iii)(A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv)such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (ii) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding Section 10.12(a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding Section 10.12(a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of Borrower, that 
 (i)none of the Administrative Agent or the Lead Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any other documents related to hereto or thereto), 
 (ii)the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of the Loans), 
 (iii)the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with respect to the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder, and 
 (iv)no fee or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent or Lead Arrangers or any their respective Affiliates for investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement. 
 The Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person 
 98 

has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 1.m Erroneous Payments. 
 (i) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender or Issuing Lender, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Issuing Lender such Lender or Issuing Lender (any such Lender, Issuing Lender or other recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Issuing Lender or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender or Issuing Lender shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (ii) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender, Issuing Lender, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Issuing Lender such Lender or Issuing Lender, hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or Issuing Lender, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case 
 99 

(i)(A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment and 
 (ii)such Lender or Issuing Lender shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 10.13(b). 
 (iii) Each Lender or Issuing Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or Issuing Lender under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or Issuing Lender from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. 
 (iv) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Lender or Issuing Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Lender or Issuing Lender at any time, (i) such Lender or Issuing Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption Agreement with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender or Issuing Lender shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender or Issuing Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Lender shall cease to be a Lender or Issuing Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Lender and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender or Issuing Lender shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender or Issuing Lender (and or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender or Issuing Lender and such 
 100 

Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Lender or Issuing Lender under the Loan Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ). 
 (v) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. 
 (vi) To the extent permitted by applicable Law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine 
 (vii) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 10.13 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, the termination of the Commitments and or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 
 11. MISCELLANEOUS 
 1.a Modifications, Amendments or Waivers. 
 With the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent, acting on behalf of all the Lenders, and the Borrower, on behalf of the Loan Parties, may from time to time enter into written agreements amending or changing any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the rights of the Lenders or the Loan Parties hereunder or thereunder, or may grant written waivers or consents hereunder or thereunder. Any such agreement, waiver or consent made with such written consent shall be effective to bind all the Lenders and the Loan Parties provided , that no such agreement, waiver or consent may be made which will 
 1.1.iIncrease of Commitment. 
 Increase the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment of any Lender hereunder without the consent of such Lender 
 1.1.iiExtension of Payment Reduction of Principal, Interest or Fees Modification of Terms of Payment. 
 Whether or not any Loans are outstanding, extend the Expiration Date or the time for payment of principal or interest of any Loan (excluding the due date of any mandatory prepayment of a Loan), the Commitment Fee or any other fee payable to any Lender, or reduce the principal amount of or the rate of interest 
 101 

borne by any Loan or reduce the Commitment Fee or any other fee payable to any Lender, without the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby 
 1.1.iiiRelease of Guarantor. 
 Except for sales of assets permitted by Section 8.2.6 Dispositions of Assets or Subsidiaries or Section 8.2.5 Liquidations, Mergers, Consolidations , release any Guarantor from its Obligations under the Guaranty Agreement without the consent of all Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) or 
 1.1.ivMiscellaneous. 
 Amend Section 5.2 Pro Rata Treatment of Lenders or Section 5.3 Sharing of Payments by Lenders , Section 9.2.4 Application of Proceeds or this Section 11.1, alter any provision regarding the pro rata treatment of the Lenders or requiring all Lenders to authorize the taking of any action or alter the definition of Required Lenders, in each case without the consent of all of the Lenders 
 provided that no agreement, waiver or consent which would modify the interests, rights or obligations of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, or the Swing Loan Lender may be made without the written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or the Swing Loan Lender, as applicable, and provided, further that, if in connection with any proposed waiver, amendment or modification referred to in Sections 11.1.1 through 11.1.4 above, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained but the consent of one or more of such other Lenders whose consent is required is not obtained (each a Non-Consenting Lender ), then the Borrower shall have the right to replace any such Non-Consenting Lender with one or more replacement Lenders pursuant to Section 5.6.2 Replacement of a Lender . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender, and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (a) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Revolving Credit Loans, Swing Loans and Letter of Credit Obligations and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (b) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders. 
 1.b No Implied Waivers Cumulative Remedies. 
 No course of dealing and no delay or failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right, power, remedy or privilege under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any other or future exercise thereof or operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any further exercise thereof or of any other right, power, remedy or privilege. The enumeration of the rights and remedies of the Administrative 
 102 

Agent and the Lenders set forth in this Agreement is not intended to be exhaustive and the exercise by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of any right or remedy shall not preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies, all of which shall be cumulative, and shall be in addition to any other right or remedy given hereunder or under the other Loan Documents or that may now or hereafter exist at law or in equity or by suit or otherwise. No reasonable delay or failure to take action on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right, power or privilege shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege or shall be construed to be a waiver of any Event of Default. 
 1.c Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver. 
 1.1.iCosts and Expenses. 
 The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one counsel for the Administrative Agent and, as necessary as determined by the Administrative Agent, one additional local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Lender in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, (iii) all reasonable out-of-pocket and documented expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Lender (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Lender and, as necessary as determined by the Administrative Agent, one additional local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction) in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit, and (iv) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent's agents or other third parties engaged by the Administrative Agent periodically to perform audits of the Loan Parties' books, records and business properties after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default. 
 1.1.iiIndemnification by the Loan Parties. 
 The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and the Issuing Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee (limited, in the case of the Administrative Agent, to one legal counsel for it and all of its respective Related Parties, unless, in the reasonable business judgment of the Administrative Agent, (i) additional local 
 103 

counsel for the applicable Indemnitee is necessary in a relevant jurisdiction or (ii) there is a conflict of interest between or among the applicable Indemnitee requiring additional legal counsel to represent those Indemnitees)) incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by any Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance or nonperformance by the Loan Parties of their obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Lender to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any breach of representations, warranties or covenants of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, including any such items or losses relating to or arising under Environmental Laws or pertaining to environmental matters, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties or (y) result from a claim brought by a Loan Party against such Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee's obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if such Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. This Section 11.3.2 Indemnification by the Loan Parties shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 1.1.iiiReimbursement by Lenders. 
 To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under Sections 11.3.1 Costs and Expenses or 11.3.2 Indemnification by the Loan Parties to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the Issuing Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Issuing Lender or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender's Ratable Share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the Issuing Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or Issuing Lender in connection with such capacity. 
 1.1.ivWaiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. 
 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or 
 104 

actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in Section 11.3.2 Indemnification by Loan Parties shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 
 1.1.vPayments. 
 All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten (10) days after demand therefor. 
 1.d Holidays. 
 Whenever payment of a Loan to be made or taken hereunder shall be due on a day which is not a Business Day such payment shall be due on the next Business Day (except as provided in Section 4.2 Interest Periods or the definitions definition of Interest Period or Month and such extension of time shall be included in computing interest and fees, except that the Loans shall be due on the Business Day preceding the Expiration Date if the Expiration Date is not a Business Day. Whenever any payment or action to be made or taken hereunder (other than payment of the Loans) shall be stated to be due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment or action shall be made or taken on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall not be included in computing interest or fees, if any, in connection with such payment or action. 
 1.e Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communication. 
 1.1.iNotices Generally. 
 Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in Section 11.5.2 Electronic Communications ), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier (i) if to a Lender, to it at its address set forth in its administrative questionnaire, or (ii) if to any other Person, to it at its address set forth on Schedule 1.1(B) . 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in Section 11.5.2 Electronic Communications , shall be effective as provided in such Section. 
 1.1.iiElectronic Communications. 
 Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Lender hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including 
 105 

e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the Issuing Lender if such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender's receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement) provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 
 1.1.iiiChange of Address, Etc. 
 Any party hereto may change its address, e-mail address or telecopier number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 1.f Severability. 
 The provisions of this Agreement are intended to be severable. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction . Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or the Swing Loan Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited . 
 1.g Duration Survival. 
 All representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained herein or made in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the completion of the transactions hereunder and Payment In Full. All covenants and agreements of the Borrower contained herein relating to the payment of additional compensation or expenses and indemnification, including those set forth in the Article 5 Payments and Section 11.3 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver , shall survive Payment In Full. All other covenants and agreements of the Loan Parties shall continue in full force and effect from and after the date hereof and until Payment In Full. 
 106 

1.h Successors and Assigns. 
 1.1.iSuccessors and Assigns Generally. 
 The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder (including, in each case, by way of an LLC Division) without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.8.2 Assignments by Lenders , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.8.4 Participations , or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 11.8.5 Certain Pledges Successors and Assigns Generally (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 11.8.4 Participations and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 1.1.iiAssignments by Lenders. 
 Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions 
 (a) Minimum Amounts . 
 (1) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender's Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned and 
 (2) in any case not described in clause (i)(A) of this Section 11.8.2, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption Agreement with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than 5,000,000, in the case of any assignment in respect of the Revolving Credit Commitment of the assigning Lender, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (b) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loan or the Commitment assigned. 
 107 

(c) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except for the consent of the Administrative Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund and 
 (1) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (y) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after the Administrative Agent has received confirmation from the Borrower that it has received notice thereof and 
 (2) the consent of the Issuing Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding). 
 (d) Assignment and Assumption Agreement . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption Agreement, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, and the assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an administrative questionnaire provided by the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) No Assignment to Borrower . No such assignment shall be made to (1) the Borrower or any of the Borrower's Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (2) any Defaulting Lender, or (3) any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in clause (1) or clause (2). 
 (f) No Assignment to Natural Persons Non-Financial Institutions . No such assignment shall be made to a natural Person or any Person that is not a financial institution. 
 (g) Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto specified herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender, the Swing Loan Lender and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Loans in accordance with its Ratable Share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.8.3 Register , from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption Agreement, have the rights and 
 108 

obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption Agreement, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption Agreement covering all of the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 4.4 LIBOR Rate Unascertainable Etc. , 5.8 Increased Costs , and 11.3 Expenses, Indemnity Damage Waiver with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender . Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 11.8.2 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 11.8.4 Participations . 
 1.1.iiiRegister. 
 The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain a record of the names and addresses of the Lenders (including, for purposes of this Section 11.8 Successors and Assigns , the Issuing Lender), and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). Such Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is reflected in such Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no assignment shall be effective unless and until reflected in the Register. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Loans and Letters of Credit are intended to be treated as registered obligations for U.S. federal income tax purposes and the provisions of Section 11.8.3 and 11.8.4 shall be construed so that the they are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code and Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulation and any other related regulations (or any successor provisions of the Code or such regulations). 
 1.1.ivParticipations. 
 Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower or any of the Borrower's Affiliates or Subsidiaries or a Person that is not a financial institution) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender's rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans owing to it) provided that (i) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, and the Issuing Lender shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement. 
 109 

Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree (other than as is already provided for herein) to any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to Sections 11.1.1 Increase of Commitment , 11.1.2 Extension of Payment, Etc. , or 11.1.3 Release of Guarantor that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 4.4 LIBOR Rate Unascertainable, Etc. , 5.8.1 Increased Costs , 5.10 Indemnity and 5.9 Taxes (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 5.9.7 Status of Lenders (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 5.9.7 Status of Lenders shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 11.8.2 Assignments by Lenders provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 5.6.2 Replacement of a Lender and Section 5.6.3 Designation of a Different Lending Office as if it were an assignee under Section 11.8.2 Assignments by Lenders and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 5.8 Increased Costs or 5.9 Taxes , with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower's request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 5.6.2 Replacement of a Lender and Section 5.6.3 Designation of Different Lending Office with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.2.3 Set-off as though it were a Lender provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 5.3 Sharing of Payments by Lenders as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant's interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant's interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except (i) that the portion of the Participant Register relating to a Participant shall be made available to the Borrower and Administrative Agent to the extent the benefits of this Agreement are claimed with respect to such Participant (including under Section 5.8.1, 5.10 and 5.9), and or (ii) otherwise to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code and Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations any other related regulations (or any successor provisions of the Code or such regulations). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 1.1.vCertain Pledges Successors and Assigns Generally. 
 110 

Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 1.i Confidentiality. 
 1.1.iGeneral. 
 Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Lender agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information, except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates' respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (iii) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iv) to any other party hereto, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (B) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (vii) with the consent of the Borrower in its sole discretion or (viii) to the extent such Information (Y) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (Z) was or becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Issuing Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 1.1.iiSharing Information With Affiliates of the Lenders. 
 Each Loan Party acknowledges that from time to time financial advisory, investment banking and other services may be offered or provided to the Borrower or one or more of its Affiliates (in connection with this Agreement or otherwise) by any Lender or by one or more Subsidiaries or Affiliates of such Lender and each of the Loan Parties hereby authorizes each Lender to share any information delivered to such Lender by such Loan Party and its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement to any such Subsidiary or Affiliate subject to the provisions of Section 11.9.1 General . 
 111 

1.j Counterparts Integration Effectiveness. 
 This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof including any prior confidentiality agreements and commitments. Except as provided in Article 7 Conditions Of Lending And Issuance Of Letters Of Credit , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or e-mail shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 1.k CHOICE OF LAW SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION WAIVER OF VENUE SERVICE OF PROCESS WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 
 1.1.iGoverning Law. 
 This Agreement shall be deemed to be a contract under the Laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of laws principles other than Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law. Each standby Letter of Credit issued under this Agreement shall be subject either to the rules of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, as most recently published by the International Chamber of Commerce (the ICC at the time of issuance UCP or the rules of the International Standby Practices (ICC Publication Number 590) ISP98 ), as determined by the Issuing Lender, and in each case to the extent not inconsistent therewith, the Laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of laws principles. 
 1.1.iiSUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. 
 THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT 
 112 

OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE ISSUING LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
 1.1.iiiWAIVER OF VENUE. 
 THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN THIS SECTION 11.11. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT ANY SUCH DEFENSE. 
 1.1.ivSERVICE OF PROCESS. 
 EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 11.5 NOTICES EFFECTIVENESS ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 1.1.vWAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 
 EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 1.l USA Patriot Act Notice. 
 Each Lender that is subject to the USA Patriot Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies Loan Parties that 
 113 

pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Loan Parties, which information includes the name and address of Loan Parties and other information that will allow such Lender or Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Loan Parties in accordance with the USA Patriot Act. 
 1.m Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Affected Financial Institutions. 
 Each Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Affected Financial Institution and (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable, (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
 
 114 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.25>
 3
 gntx12312022-ex1025.htm
 EX-10.25

Document 

GENTEX CORPORATION 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Granted To ###PARTICIPANT_NAME### 
 Grant Date ###GRANT_DATE### 
 Granted ###AWARDS_WITH_PERF_BASED_VESTING### 
 Grant Price ###GRANT_PRICE### 
 Expiration Date ###EXPIRY_DATE### 
 Vesting Schedule ###VEST_SCHEDULE_NAME### 
 ###VEST_SCHEDULE_TABLE_WITH_PERFORMANCE_RULE### 

1. The Award and the Plan . As of the Date of Grant, Gentex Corporation Gentex grants to you the right to earn the number of Shares (the Performance Shares set forth in the Officer Award Notification preceding or accompanying this Performance Share Award Agreement (the Agreement ), to be issued to you based on the achievement of certain specified Performance Objectives approved by Gentex and as set forth in the Award Notification. Certain terms used in this Agreement are defined in Section 23. Any undefined terms in this Agreement appearing as defined terms will have the same meaning as they do in the Gentex Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended and or restated from time to time (the Plan ). Gentex will provide a copy of the Plan to you upon request. 
 
 2. Earning of Performance Shares . 
 
 a. Performance Objectives Your right to receive Performance Shares will be contingent upon the achievement of the Performance Objectives at the Threshold, Target, and Maximum levels set forth in the Officer Award Notification and will be measured over the Performance Period set forth therein. 
 
 b. Below Threshold If, upon the conclusion of a Performance Period, Gentex's performance for the Performance Period falls below the Threshold level, as set forth in the Performance Objectives, no Performance Shares for the Performance Period will become earned. 
 
 c. Threshold If, upon the conclusion of a Performance Period, Gentex's performance for the Performance Period equals the Threshold level, as set forth in the Performance Objectives, that certain portion of the Performance Shares, as set forth in the Officer Award Notification will become earned. 
 
 d. Between Threshold and Target If, upon the conclusion of a Performance Period, Gentex's performance exceeds the Threshold level, but is less 

than the Target level, as set forth in the Performance Objectives, the number of Performance Shares as set forth in the Officer Award Notification for the Performance Period, based on linear interpolation, will become earned. 
 
 e. Target If, upon the conclusion of the Performance Period, Gentex's performance for the Performance Period equals the Target level, as set forth in the Performance Objectives, the Performance Shares as set forth in the Officer Award Notification for the Performance Period will become earned. 
 
 f. Between Target and Maximum If, upon the conclusion of the Performance Period, Gentex's performance exceeds the Target level, but is less than the Maximum level, as set forth in the Performance Objectives, the Performance Shares as set forth in the Officer Award Notification, based on linear interpolation, will become earned. 
 
 g. Equals or Exceeds Maximum If, upon the conclusion of the Performance Period, Gentex's performance for the Performance Period equals or exceeds the Maximum level, as set forth in the Performance Objectives, the Performance Shares set forth in the officer Award Notification will become earned (subject to any cap set by the Board or the Compensation Committee). 
 
 h. Conditions Determination of Earned Award Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, your right to receive any Performance Shares is contingent upon your remaining in the continuous employ of Gentex through the end of the entire Performance Period. Following a Performance Period, the Board or the Compensation Committee will determine whether and to what extent the goals relating to Performance Objectives have been satisfied for the Performance Period and will determine the number of Performance Shares that will have become earned hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent it would not cause imposition of a tax under Section 409A of the Code, Gentex may accelerate the vesting of the Performance Shares at any time in part or in full. 
 
 i. Modification of Management Objectives If Gentex determines that a change in the business, operations, corporate structure or capital structure of Gentex, the manner in which it conducts business or other events or circumstances render the measurement of the Performance Objectives to be unsuitable, the Committee may modify the calculation of the Performance Objectives or the related minimum acceptable level of achievement, in whole or in part, as the Committee deems appropriate. 

3. Effect of Termination Due to Death, or Disability, or Change in Control Retirement, or Resignation with Good Reason, or Without Cause Notwithstanding Section 2(h), if, during the Performance Period, but before the payment of any Performance Shares as set forth in Section 5, your employment with Gentex is terminated (a) by reason of death, or Disability, or a Change in Control otherwise occurs, you will be entitled to receive the number of Performance Shares as determined in Section 2 at the conclusion of the Performance Period as if you had remained employed at Gentex through the end of the Performance Period, based on actual performance while employed and based on the assumption that Target performance was met for the remaining years of the Performance Period or (b) by Retirement, resignation with Good Reason, or without Cause, you will be entitled to receive the number of Performance Shares as determined in Section 2 at the conclusion of the Performance Period as if you had remained employed at Gentex through the end of the Performance Period, based on the actual performance while employed. In the event of termination of employment with Gentex or any Subsidiary in any other manner during the Performance Period, you will forfeit all Performance Shares. 
 
 4. Forfeiture of Award . Except to the extent you have earned the right to receive Performance Shares pursuant to Sections 2 or 3 hereof, your right to receive Performance Shares will be forfeited automatically and without further notice on the date that you cease to be an employee of Gentex prior to the last day of the entire Performance Period or, in the event that Section 3 applies, on the date on which the Change in Control occurs. 
 
 5. Payment of Performance Shares . 
 
 a. Except as provided in Sections 5(b) and 5(c), each Performance Share earned as provided in Section 2 hereof will be paid to you in a share of Common Stock, in the calendar year immediately following the close of the entire Performance Period to which the award relates, but in no event later than two and one-half (2 1 2) months after the close of the Performance Period. 
 
 b. The Performance Shares earned due to death will be paid to you your executor or administrator, as the case may be, in shares of Common Stock in the calendar year immediately following the last day of the entire Performance Period, but in no event later than two and one-half (2 1 2) months after the close of the Performance Period to which the award relates. 
 
 c. The prorated portion of the Performance Shares earned pursuant to Section 3 will be paid to you in shares of Common Stock, in the discretion of Gentex, as soon as practicable following the Change in Control, but in 

no event later than two and one-half (2 1 2) months following the end of the year in which the Change in Control occurs. 
 
 6. Transferability . Neither the Performance Shares granted hereby nor any interest therein will be transferable or assignable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution prior to payment. 
 
 7. Right to Terminate Employment . Nothing contained in this Agreement will confer upon you any right with respect to continuance of employment by Gentex, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of Gentex to terminate the employment or adjust your compensation. 
 
 8. Taxes and Withholding . To the extent that Gentex is required to withhold any federal, state, local or foreign taxes in connection with the delivery of shares of Common Stock to you or any other person under this Agreement, and the amounts available to Gentex for such withholding are insufficient, it will be a condition to the receipt of such delivery that you will pay such taxes or make arrangements that are satisfactory to Gentex for payment thereof. You may elect to have the number of shares of Common Stock to be delivered to you reduced (based on the Market Value Per Share as of the date the Performance Shares become payable) to provide for the taxes required to be withheld, with any fractional shares that would otherwise be delivered being rounded up to the next nearest whole share. In no event, however, will the Market Value Per Share of the shares of Common Stock to be withheld pursuant to this Section to satisfy applicable withholding taxes in connection with the benefit exceed the minimum amount of taxes required to be withheld. 
 
 9. Dividend Equivalents. Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, and in the Plan, the Company hereby awards to the Participant a right to receive in respect of each Performance Share held by the Participant on a dividend record date occurring after the Grant Date and prior to the date of settlement of the Performance Share pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement, the equivalent value of any ordinary cash dividends that are paid on a share of Common Stock Dividend Equivalent ). Dividend Equivalents will be reinvested in the form of additional Performance Shares determined by dividing the value of the Dividend Equivalent by the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Company s dividend payment date. Dividend Equivalents will also accrue on the additional Performance Shares issued from Dividend Equivalents (and be reinvested into additional Dividend Equivalents). Dividend Equivalents will, in all cases, be subject to the same terms and conditions, including but not limited to those related to vesting, transferability, forfeiture and settlement, that apply to the corresponding Performance Shares under this Agreement and the Plan. 

10. Adjustments . Gentex will make any adjustments in the number of Performance Shares or other securities covered by this Agreement that Gentex may determine to be equitably required to prevent any dilution or expansion of your rights under this Agreement that otherwise would result from any (a) stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, combination of shares, recapitalization or other change in the capital structure of Gentex, (b) merger, consolidation, spin-off, split-off, spin-out, split-up, separation, reorganization, partial or complete liquidation involving Gentex or other distribution of assets, issuance of rights or warrants to purchase securities of Gentex, or (c) other transaction or event having an effect similar to any of those referred to in Sections 10(a) or 10(b). Furthermore, in the event that any transaction or event described or referred to in the immediately preceding sentence will occur, Gentex may provide in substitution of any or all of your rights under this Agreement such alternative consideration as Gentex may determine in good faith to be equitable under the circumstances. 
 
 11. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement and the Plan be exempt from or comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, so that the income inclusion provisions of Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code do not apply to you. This Agreement and the Plan will be administered in a manner consistent with this intent. 
 
 12. Compliance with Law . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Performance Shares covered by this Agreement will not be paid if the payment thereof would result in violation of any applicable federal or state securities law. 
 
 13. Amendments . Any amendment to the Plan will be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto provided, however, that no amendment will adversely affect your rights under this Agreement without your consent (provided, however, that your consent will not be required to an amendment that is deemed necessary by Gentex to ensure exemption from or compliance with Section 409A of the Code). 
 
 14. Information . Information about you and your participation in the Plan may be collected, recorded and held, used and disclosed for any purpose related to the administration of the Plan. You understand that such processing of this information may need to be carried out by Gentex and its Subsidiaries and by third party administrators whether such persons are located within your country or elsewhere, including the United States of America. You consent to the processing of information relating to you and your participation in the Plan in any one or more of the ways referred to above. 
 
 15. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the application of any provision in this Agreement to any person or circumstances is held invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal, the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such 

provision to any other person or circumstances will not be affected, and the provisions so held to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal will be reformed to the extent (and only to the extent) necessary to make it enforceable, valid and legal. 
 
 16. Relation to Plan . This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan will govern. The Board or the Compensation Committee will, except as expressly provided otherwise herein, have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with the grant of Performance Shares. By your acceptance of the award under this Agreement, you acknowledge receipt of a copy of the Prospectus for the Plan and your agreement to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 
 17. Successors and Assigns . Without limiting Section 6, the provisions of this Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, your successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns, and the successors and assigns of Gentex. 
 
 18. Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal substantive laws of the State of Michigan, without giving effect to any principles of conflict of laws thereof. 
 
 19. Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver . The failure of Gentex to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof. 
 
 20. No Shareholder Rights Prior to Issuance of Shares . You will have no rights as a shareholder unless and until shares of Company Stock are issued pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 21. Relation to Other Benefits . Any economic or other benefit to you under this Agreement or the Plan will not be taken into account or considered as salary or compensation in determining any benefits to which you may be entitled under any profit-sharing, retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by Gentex, except to the extent otherwise expressly provided under any such plan, and will not affect the amount of any life insurance coverage available to any beneficiary under any life insurance plan covering employees of Gentex, except to the extent otherwise expressly provided under any such plan. 
 
 22. Detrimental Activity . 
 
 a. If the Board or the Compensation Committee thereof determines that you engaged in any Detrimental Activity, then, promptly upon receiving notice of the Board's or the Compensation Committee's finding, you shall (i) 

forfeit all rights under this Agreement to the extent it remains outstanding (ii) return to Gentex shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to this Agreement to the extent then still held by or for you (iii) with respect to any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to this Agreement that are no longer held by or for you, pay to Gentex the Market Value Per Share of such shares of Common Stock on the date acquired. 
 
 b. To the extent that such shares are not returned to or amounts are not paid to Gentex, Gentex may seek other remedies, including without limitation a set off of the amounts so payable to it against any amounts that may be owing from time to time by Gentex to you for any reason, including without limitation wages, deferred compensation or vacation pay. 
 
 23. Certain Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement 
 
 Cause shall mean (a) the intentional engagement in any acts or omissions constituting dishonesty, breach of a fiduciary obligation, wrongdoing or misfeasance, in each case, in connection with your duties or otherwise during the course of your employment with Gentex (b) the commission of a felony or the indictment for any felony, including, but not limited to, any felony involving fraud, embezzlement, moral turpitude or theft (c) the intentional and wrongful damaging of property, contractual interests or business relationships of Gentex (d) the intentional and wrongful disclosure of secret processes or confidential information of Gentex in violation of an agreement with or a policy of Gentex (e) the continued failure to substantially perform your duties for Gentex (f) current alcohol or prescription drug abuse affecting work performance (g) current illegal use of drugs or (h) any intentional conduct contrary to announced policies or practices of Gentex (including, but not limited to, those contained in Gentex's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics). 
 
 Detrimental Activity shall mean (a) engaging in any activity of competition or solicitation prohibited by any noncompete or nonsolicitation agreement between you and Gentex (b) the disclosure to anyone outside Gentex, or the use in other than Gentex's business, (i) without prior written authorization from Gentex, of any confidential, proprietary or trade secret information or material relating to the business of Gentex and acquired by you during your employment or other service with Gentex, or (ii) in violation of any covenant not to disclose set forth in any agreement between you and Gentex (c) the (i) unreasonable failure or refusal to disclose promptly and to assign to Gentex upon request all right, title and interest in any invention or idea, patentable or not, made or conceived by you during your service with Gentex and relating in any manner to the actual or anticipated business, research or development work of Gentex or the failure or refusal to do anything reasonably necessary to enable Gentex to secure a patent where appropriate in the United States or in other countries, or (ii) violation of any development and inventions provision set forth in any agreement between you and Gentex (d) activity during your employment by Gentex that could form the basis of your termination for Cause or (e) if you are or were an officer of Gentex, 

activity that the Board or the Compensation Committee determines entitles Gentex to seek recovery from an officer under any policy promulgated by the Board or the Compensation Committee as in effect on the date hereof. 
 
 Disability shall mean a termination of employment under circumstances that would make you eligible to receive benefits under Gentex's long-term disability plan, as it may be in effect from time to time, or any successor plan, program, agreement or arrangement. 
 
 Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of without your consent and without Cause, assignment to duties materially inconsistent with your position, duties, and responsibilities with Gentex a material reduction by Gentex in your annual base salary as then in effect (which is not applicable to employees generally) or a material breach by Gentex of its obligations under this Agreement provided, however, you provide Gentex written notice within thirty (30) days of such occasion and Gentex has not cured the same. 
 
 Retirement shall mean termination of employment (other than termination for Cause or due to death or Disability) at or after age 60 with at least ten (10) years of service with Gentex or at or after age 65, with at least five (5) years of service with Gentex or a Subsidiary, in each case requiring six months advance written notice. 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-21>
 4
 gntx12312022-ex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 List of Gentex Corporation Subsidiaries 
 
 1. E.C. Aviation Services, Inc., a Michigan corporation, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gentex Corporation. 
 
 2. Gentex Holdings, Inc., a Michigan corporation, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gentex Corporation. 
 
 3. Gentex GmbH, a German limited liability company, is a subsidiary 50 owned by Gentex Corporation and 50 owned by Gentex Holdings, Inc. 
 
 4. Gentex Japan, Inc., a Japanese corporation, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gentex Corporation. 
 
 5. Gentex Mirrors Ltd., a United Kingdom limited liability company, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gentex Corporation. 
 
 6. Gentex France, SAS, a French simplified liability corporation, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gentex Corporation. 
 
 7. Gentex Technologies Korea Co., Ltd., a Korean limited stock company, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gentex Corporation. 
 
 8. Gentex (Shanghai) Electronics Technology Co., Inc., a Chinese limited liability company, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gentex Corporation. 
 
 9. Gentex Technologies (Israel), Ltd., an Israeli limited liability company, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gentex Corporation. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 gntx12312022-ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-266558) pertaining to the 2022 Gentex Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-232414) pertaining to the 2019 Gentex Corporation Omnibus Incentive Plan, 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-216273) pertaining to the Gentex Corporation Employee Stock Option Plan, 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-198468) pertaining to the Gentex Corporation Employee Stock Option Plan, 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-188893) pertaining to the 2013 Gentex Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-183412) pertaining to the Gentex Corporation 2012 Amended and Restated Nonemployee Director Stock Option Plan, 
 (7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-118213) pertaining to the Gentex Corporation Qualified Stock Option Plan, 
 (8) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-105858) pertaining to the Gentex Corporation 2003 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 
 (9) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-101642) pertaining to the Gentex Corporation 2002 Nonemployee Director Stock Option Plan, 
 (10) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-04661) pertaining to the Gentex Corporation Qualified Stock Option Plan, and 
 (11) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 33-65321) pertaining to the Gentex Corporation Qualified Stock Option Plan 
 
 of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Gentex Corporation and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Gentex Corporation and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Gentex Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Grand Rapids, Michigan 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 gntx12312022-ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF GENTEX CORPORATION 
 
 I, Steven R. Downing, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Gentex Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 

s Steven R. Downing 
 Steven R. Downing 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 gntx12312022-ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF GENTEX CORPORATION 
 
 I, Kevin C. Nash, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Gentex Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 

Date February 22, 2023 

s Kevin C. Nash 
 Kevin Nash 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 gntx12312022-ex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002 (18-U.S.C. 1350) 

Each, Steven R. Downing, Chief Executive Officer of Gentex Corporation, and Kevin C. Nash, Chief Financial Officer of Gentex Corporation, certify to the best of their knowledge and belief, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that 
 
 (1) The annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, which this statement accompanies, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K of the year ended December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Gentex Corporation. 

Dated February 22, 2023 

GENTEX CORPORATION 
 
 By s Steven R. Downing 
 Steven R. Downing 
 Its Chief Executive Officer 

By s Kevin C. Nash 
 Kevin C. Nash 
 Its Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement has been provided to Gentex Corporation and will be retained by Gentex Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 gntx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 gntx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 gntx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 gntx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 gntx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

