<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231103_10-K_edgar_data_316253_0001213900-23-083566.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7682156</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>300977</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1513786</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1778148</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1959381</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1918975</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-083566.hdr.sgml : 20231103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231103170713
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-083566
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENZO BIOCHEM INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000316253
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		IRS NUMBER:				132866202
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09974
		FILM NUMBER:		231377266

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 EXECUTIVE BLVD
		CITY:			FARMINGDALE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11735
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5167555500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ENZO BIOCHEM INC
		STREET 2:		60 EXECUTIVE BLVD
		CITY:			FARMINGDALE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11735

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-083566.txt : 20231103

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_enzobio.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 

(Mark one) 

ANNUAL REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________ to
______________ 

Commission File Number 

. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) . , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act of 1934). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting stock held
by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately as of January 31, 2023. 

The number of shares of the Company s common stock, .01 par
value, outstanding at October 27, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the definitive Proxy
Statement to be delivered to shareholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on or before January 31, 2024
are incorporated by reference into Part III of this annual report. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Description 
 
 Page 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 13 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 22 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 22 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 23 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 25 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 26 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 26 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 26 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 33 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 33 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 33 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 34 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 36 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 36 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 36 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 36 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 36 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 36 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 36 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 36 

List of Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statements Schedule 
 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (loss) 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

Schedule II - Valuation Accounts and Qualifying Accounts 
 
 S-1 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

Enzo Biochem, Inc. the
 Company we , our or Enzo ), a pioneer in molecular
diagnostics, contributes to advancing healthcare with its comprehensive portfolio of technical platforms and reagent sets supporting a
diverse range of biomedical research and translational science needs. A leader in innovation and product development, for
over 45 years scientists have trusted Enzo Biochem to manufacture and supply a comprehensive portfolio of thousands of high-quality products,
including antibodies, genomic probes, assays, biochemicals, and proteins. The Company s proprietary products and technologies play
central roles in all translational research and drug development areas, including cell biology, genomics, assays, immunohistochemistry,
and small molecule chemistry. Enzo Biochem, Inc. s Life Science division supports the work of research centers and industry partners,
shaping the future of healthcare worldwide. Enzo Biochem, Inc. has a broad and deep intellectual property portfolio, with patent coverage
across many vital enabling technologies. 

In the course of our research and development activities, we have built
a substantial portfolio of intellectual property assets, comprised of 457 owned patents worldwide and 59 pending patent applications,
to date, along with extensive enabling technologies and platforms. Some of this extensive portfolio supports and protects our position
in the life sciences market. 

Discontinued Operations 

In fiscal 2023, our Board of Directors and management undertook a comprehensive
review of our business and long-term strategy and developed a plan to simplify our operations and focus on Enzo Life Sciences. In
July 2023, we executed this plan by means of the sale of certain assets used in the operation of Enzo Clinical Labs and the assignment
of certain clinical lab liabilities to Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings for 113.25 million, pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement
dated March 16, 2023, as amended July 3, 2023. In accordance with the sale, Enzo Biochem ceased its clinical laboratory operations. 

Our
Strategy 

With the exit from the clinical lab segment, we are positioned as a
focused life science solutions provider emphasizing sustainable, profitable growth. Key elements of our growth strategy include: 

Pin-pointed
 R D investment for accelerated product launches, 

Channel
 investment and alignment to increase customer and partner touchpoints, 

Market
 expansion into adjacent space supported by our current experience and customer relationships, 

Operational
 optimization for cost containment and development of an infrastructure capable of supporting
 growth 

Operating
Segment 

As of July 31, 2023, we have one reportable segment: Products. This
segment evolved from our core technical competencies involving the use of nucleic acids, proteins and cells as informational molecules
and the use of compounds for immune modulation and later augmented by previous acquisitions of a number of related companies. Costs excluded
from segment s performance consist of corporate general and administrative costs not allocable to the operating segment and are
reported as Corporate and Other . Financial information by geographic area and business segments for the fiscal years ended
July 31, 2023 and 2022 is located in Note 18 Segment Reporting in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. During fiscal
year ended July 31, 2022 we had another operating segment, Enzo Therapeutics. The operating results of Enzo Therapeutics are now also
included in the Corporate and Other segment. 

1 

The Products segment manufactures, develops and markets products and
tools for clinical research, translational research, drug development and bioscience research customers worldwide. Underpinned by broad
technological capabilities, Enzo Life Sciences has developed proprietary products used in the identification of genomic information by
laboratories around the world. Information regarding our technologies can be found in the Core Technologies section. We
are internationally recognized and acknowledged as a leader in the development, manufacturing validation and commercialization of numerous
products serving the fields of cellular analysis and drug discovery, among others. Our operations are supported by global operations allowing
for the efficient marketing and delivery of our products around the world. During the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the segment
generated product revenues of 31.1 million and 32.6 million, respectively. 

Markets 

Life Sciences -- Drug Discovery, Development and Diagnostics 

This broad market includes technology platforms and products used by
a wide array of customer types including: academic researchers, clinical researchers, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and diagnostic
manufacturers. Our broad spectrum of products such as labels, dyes, antibodies, genomic probes, immunoassays, biochemicals, and proteins
are used to label, detect and visualize a biological target of interest in drug discovery exploration and drug development process development. 
 Enzo leverages its differentiated capabilities in labeling and detection, assay kitting and validations, and integrated manufacturing
to serve as a one stop shop for 20,000 reagents that are critical to workflows across various technologies and applications,
validated by over 150,000 scientific publications. We are a global manufacturer of cost-effective, high-quality solutions to enable
drug discovery, development and translational research workflows supported by Good Manufacturing Practice GMP manufacturing. 
We have market expertise in genomic analysis, protein analysis, cellular analysis, tissue analysis, small molecule chemistry, GMP and
custom services. 

There is a large and growing global demand by biomedical and pharmaceutical
companies for research and diagnostic tools that both facilitate and accelerate the generation of biological information. This demand
can be met by gene and protein target-based diagnostics for which a variety of formats and tools have been developed that enable researchers
to study biological pathways. These tools can identify mutations in gene sequences and variations in gene expression levels that can lead
to disease, or they can quantify biomarkers that provide insight into disease and potential therapeutic solutions. These techniques use
instruments such as DNA sequencing and genotyping equipment, microarrays, fluorescent microscopes, high content screening platforms, flow
cytometers and plate readers. Common among these instruments is the need for reagents that allow the identification, quantification and
characterization of interactions of specific genes or nucleic acid sequences, proteins, cells, and other cellular structures and organelles. 

We believe this market will continue to grow as a result of: 

long
term commitment to research spending by academic, government and private organizations to determine the function and clinical relevance
of the gene sequences and proteins that have been identified by genomics research, as well as investments in nucleic acid and protein
detection in various sample mediums 

development of commercial applications based on information
derived from this research expansion into new methods of visualization and detection including a multi-dimensional approach to visualize
results such as spatial biology and, 

on-going
advancements in tools that accelerate these research and development activities. 

Strategy 

We will focus on one market segment with our technical strength and
operational prowess. We will focus on offering sensitive, specific and consistent products for the Life Sciences market. To achieve this,
we will focus on common workflows and apply Enzo s innovative technical expertise to each platform part in order to achieve integrative
efficient, useful solutions that provide insight to the scientific results not possible when applying alternate tools. This is balanced
with an operational focus on cost containment and operational process efficiency. 

2 

Our objective is to continue to develop and manufacture high value,
reliable life science products and services using our proprietary technologies to allow our customers to meet their discovery and development
needs. Our strong intellectual property estate provides freedom to operate and compete in a rapidly growing and developing healthcare
marketplace. 

Increase investment in research and development product
development and accelerate product pipeline 

We are focusing our research and development efforts to translate our
technological know-how into relevant products including a continued focus on the development of detection systems for nucleic acid, protein,
cell and tissue analysis. 

Current technology platforms under development include: 

AMPIVIEW
 in situ hybridization probes for enhanced detection of low expressed targets
 useful in the growing Spatial biology space. 

Reagents
and assays for Cell and Gene Therapy research and development 

POLYVIEW
 PLUS Enhanced Immunohistochemistry optimized reagents for clear,
 consistent immunohistochemistry and in situ hybridization results moving Pathology to the
 next generation Enzo s POLYVIEW PLUS Enhanced Immunohistochemistry
 platform offers solutions within the area of Anatomical Pathology through optimized assays
 for clear, consistent immunohistochemistry and in situ hybridization results moving Pathology
 to the next generation. This platform has been used in conjunction with validated biomarkers
 for detecting cancers and their progression especially in the areas of women s health. 

Enhanced
Immunoassays pushing sensitivity to expand immunoassay applications for basic research, bioprocess and diagnostics. 

Enzo is committed to delivering a robust line of products and services
that will provide relevant, high-quality solutions that are easily adaptable to the workflow of drug discovery, development and diagnostic
customers. 

In October 2022, Enzo launched a new series of AMPIVIEW products for
gene expression analysis relying on Enzo developed LoopRNA technology. This suite of products will be sold through our Enzo Life
Sciences division with the first products focused on analysis of HPV and SARS-CoV-2. Additional products for visualization of cancer
targets were launched in 2023, and plans to further expand the portfolio continue into 2024. These tissue pathology products complement
Enzo s current portfolio and expand our technology into the growing spatial biology market space. 

Continue to commercialize new platforms via multiple channels
and leverage our marketing and distribution infrastructure 

Enzo Life Sciences maintains relationships with academic and commercial
groups worldwide, sourcing and commercializing high value reagents developed by leading researchers. We have also developed a sales and
marketing infrastructure to directly service our end users such as clinical laboratories, researchers and pharmaceutical companies, while
simultaneously positioning the Company for targeted product line expansion. Our global sales, marketing, manufacturing, product development
and distribution infrastructure is integrated and consolidated as a single global business. Enzo Life Sciences operates, under its own
name, worldwide through wholly owned subsidiaries (in USA, Switzerland, Benelux, Germany, and the UK), a branch office in France and a
network of third party distributors in most other significant markets worldwide. Our comprehensive product portfolio allows us to deliver
integrated solutions to basic researchers, drug developers and clinical researchers around the globe. Our research provides solutions
in all key research areas including: Genomics, Cell Biology, Biomarker Detection, and in a multitude of applied research markets including:
Bioprocess, Personal Care, Cancer Research, and Neuroscience, to name a few. 

3 

Expand and protect our intellectual property estate 

Since our inception, we have followed a strategy of creating a broadly
encompassing patent position in the life sciences and therapeutics areas. We have made obtaining patent protection a central strategic
policy, both with respect to our proprietary platform technologies and products, as well as broadly in the areas of our research activities.
During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we were issued 7 and 15 patents, respectively, expanding our patent estate in the area of nucleotides,
amplification, labeling and detection, among others. 

We consider our intellectual property program to be a key asset and
a major strategic component to the execution of our business strategy. A broad portfolio of owned patents and pending patent applications
supports our core technology platforms. Our policy is to seek patent protection for our core technology platforms, as well as for ancillary
technologies that support these platforms and provide a competitive advantage. In the last fiscal year, we had 7 patents issued and we
filed 6 new patent applications. 

At the end of fiscal 2023, we owned 457 patents relating to products,
methods and procedures resulting from our internal or sponsored research projects. There can be no assurance that patents will be issued
on pending applications or that any owned patents will not be challenged (see Item 3, Legal Proceedings), or that they will have commercial
benefit. We do not intend to rely on patent protection as the sole basis for protecting our proprietary technology. 

We also rely on our trade secrets and continuing technological innovation.
We require each of our employees to sign a confidentiality agreement that prohibits the employee from disclosing any confidential information
about us, including our technology or trade secrets. 

Our intellectual property portfolio can be divided into patents that
provide claims in three primary categories, as described below: 

Core Technologies for Gene, Protein, Cell and Tissue Analysis 

We have developed a portfolio of proprietary technologies with a variety
of research, diagnostic and therapeutic applications. Technology platforms and products are developed and offered for use by our customers
to label, detect and visualize their target of interest. 

Gene analysis technology 

All gene-based testing is premised on the knowledge that DNA forms
a double helix comprised of two complementary strands that match and bind to each other. If a complementary piece of DNA (a probe) is
introduced into a sample containing its matching DNA, it will bind to, or hybridize, to form a double helix with that DNA. Gene-based
testing is carried out by: 

amplification
of the target DNA sequence (a process that is essential for the detection of very small amounts of nucleic acid); 

labeling
the probe with a marker that generates a detectable signal upon hybridization; 

addition
of the probe to the sample containing the DNA; and 

binding
or hybridization of the probe to the target DNA sequence, if present, to generate a detectable signal. 

Historically, we swiftly and decisively responded to challenges within
the life sciences market. As the market demanded methods to specifically and accurately identify disease targets, Enzo provided tools
to meet their needs Whether it was our various gene analysis solutions for HPV detection or broader platforms for the labeling, detection,
amplification and analysis of nucleic acids like our AMPIPROBE platform, Enzo has translated our technological know-how
into market relevant tools for solving customers technological challenges. 

We have recently expanded in this area with our
AMPIVIEW in situ hybridization technology, thereby opening up opportunities with various drug development segments. 

4 

Amplification 

In the early stages of infection, a pathogen may be present in very
small amounts and consequently may be difficult to detect. Using DNA amplification, samples can be treated to cause a pathogen s
DNA to be replicated, or amplified, to detectable levels. We have developed a proprietary amplification process for multicopy production
of nucleic acids, as well as proprietary techniques for amplifying the signals of our probes to further improve sensitivity. Our amplification
technologies are particularly useful for the early detection of very small amounts of target DNA. We have also developed isothermal amplification
procedures that can be performed at constant temperatures; unlike polymerase chain reaction (PCR) the most commonly used method of target
nucleic acid amplification. These platform technologies could thus potentially lead to assays with advantages over PCR-based tests which
require expensive heating and cooling systems or specialized heat-resistant enzymes. Moreover, our AMPIPROBE Nucleic Acid
Amplification Platform, because of the reduced amount of starting material needed for analysis, may lead to a next-generation of molecular
diagnostics that can impart higher sensitivity at a lower cost than currently available assays. 

Non-Radioactive Labeling and Detection for gene analysis 

Traditionally, nucleic acid probes were labeled with radioactive isotopes.
However, radioactively labeled probes have a number of shortcomings; they are unstable and consequently have a limited shelf life and
they are potentially hazardous, resulting in restrictive licensing requirements and safety precautions for preparation, use and disposal.
Finally, radioactive components are expensive. Our technologies permit gene analysis without the problems associated with radioactively
labeled probes and are adaptable to a wide variety of formats. 

Formats 

There are various processes, or formats, for performing probe-based
tests. In certain formats, the probe is introduced to a target sample affixed to a solid matrix; in others, the probe is combined with
the sample in solution (homogeneous assay). Solid matrix assays include: in situ assays in which the probe reaction takes place
directly on a microscope slide; dot blot assays in which the target DNA is fixed to a membrane; and microplate and microarray assays in
which the DNA is fixed on a solid surface, and the reaction can be quantified by instrumentation. 

Life Sciences 

We are a manufacturer of labeling and detection technologies from DNA
to whole cell analysis. Enzo s products are backed by innovative technology platforms and a deep patent portfolio. With over
45 years of experience, Enzo continues to provide integrated solutions for drug development, pipeline basic research, drug discovery,
quality control in drug development and diagnostics. Enzo Life Sciences offers a broad range of high-quality products to advance research
including proteins, antibodies, peptides, small molecules, labeling probes, dyes, and kits. Enzo operates in a highly competitive
and price-sensitive marketplace and is repositioning itself by narrowing its product mix to concentrate on improved profitability, while
also adding staff who are more experienced in operations. We have become a specialized assay supplier as part of our integrated strategic
plan to deliver highly efficient, cost-effective assays for our own use and to sell to independent labs. With direct sales operations
in the US, Switzerland, Germany, UK, France, and Benelux, Enzo Life Sciences also supports its products through a global network of dedicated
distributors. 

With a passion for genomics, Enzo was the first to develop products
for non-radioactive labeling of nucleic acids. This technique was instrumental in the development of today s genomic analysis market.
Our pioneering research in genetic modification medicine was the first to recognize that nucleic acids could be used as therapeutics.
Our innovations in the detection of nucleic acids in solutions and solid matrices led to the development of technology platforms such
as hybrid capture, as well as fluorescent and chromogenic in situ hybridization. Enzo remains at the forefront of target amplification
technologies critical in the detection of infectious agents, cancer markers, and genotyping. Our work in the genomic space has resulted
in technologies in gene expression and immune system regulation, which opened the door for the well-known molecular diagnostics assays
used today. 

5 

The products we produce and supply include small molecules, proteins,
antibodies, peptides, probes, immunoassays, biochemical assays and custom services. Our comprehensive portfolio of high quality reagents
and kits in key research areas are sold to scientific experts in the following fields: 

Bioprocess 
 
 Immunology/Inflammation/Innate
Immunity 

Cancer 
 
 Metabolism 

Cell Death/Autophagy 
 
 Pathology 

Cell cycle 
 
 In situ Hybridization 

Drug discovery 
 
 Microarray Labeling 

Epigenetics 
 
 Neuroscience 

FISH 
 
 Oxidative Stress 

Genomics 
 
 Proteostasis 

HPV 
 
 Signal Transduction 

ImmunoHistochemistry 
 
 Stem Cell 

Viral signaling and detection 
 
 Stress Proteins 

Toxicology 

We maintain the technology and products from acquired brands including
Alexis, Biomol International, Assay Designs, and Stressgen. Enzo strategically uses these brands to complete our product portfolio, allowing
us to offer complete solutions to researchers in all fields. These brands are complementary to our core expertise in genomics and molecular
biology. The Company intends to maintain the rights to the acquired brands which have long product histories. The Company believes the
emphasis on the Enzo Life Sciences brand will result in stronger and clearer brand awareness and allow the Company to execute the sale
of higher value products and promote more products into the drug development, clinical research and diagnostic markets. 

Axxora.com - The Reagents Marketplace , Thousands
of Reagents, One Marketplace Axxora.com is a proven distribution platform for original manufacturers of innovative research reagents.
An increasing number of researchers use our unique marketplace to connect with over 40 specialty manufacturers and gain access to over
100,000 products. 

Research and Development 

Our principal research and development efforts are directed toward
developing innovative new research platforms, and selective expansion of our research product lines, given our manufacturing and distribution
capability. We have developed our core research expertise in the life sciences field due to over 45 years of dedicated focus in this area.
We conduct our research and other product development efforts through internal research and collaborative relationships. 

In the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred
costs of approximately 3.9 million and 2.4 million, respectively, for research and development activities. 

Internal Research Programs 

Our professional staff, including 42 with doctoral degrees, performs
our internal research and development activities. Our product development programs incorporate various scientific areas of expertise,
including recombinant DNA, monoclonal antibody development, enzymology, microbiology, biochemistry, molecular biology, organic chemistry,
immunology, flow cytometry and fermentation. In addition, we continuously review in-licensing opportunities in connection with new technology. 

External Research Collaborations 

We have and continue to explore collaborative relationships with prominent
companies and leading-edge research institutions in order to maximize the application of our technology in areas where we believe such
relationship will benefit the development of our technology. 

6 

Sales and Marketing 

Our sales and marketing strategy is to sell our life sciences products
through: (i) direct sales to end-users under the Enzo Life Sciences name, with direct recognition to our acquired brands (ii) direct sales
to end users under the Axxora electronic market place name (iii) supply agreements with manufacturers and (iv) distributors in major geographic
markets. We operate with an understanding of local markets and a well-functioning distribution network system across the globe. We have
a worldwide customer support group operated by scientists to consult with our broad and deep customer base that is situated in dozens
of countries around the globe. Scientists around the world who recognize the brands (Alexis, Assay Designs, Biomol, Enzo and Stressgen)
now receive products directly from Enzo Life Sciences where we are recognized for innovative high quality products, supported directly
by our qualified global technical staff. We sell the same products through our Axxora electronic market place which is also the source
for life science research reagents from over 40 specialty manufacturers. Our direct marketing and sales network includes fully-owned subsidiaries
(USA, Switzerland, Germany, Benelux, and UK), a branch office in France and a network of third party distributors in most other significant
markets worldwide. Our products are cited in over 150,000 scientific publications. 

Distribution Arrangements 

We distribute our life science products internationally through a network
of distributors. Through these arrangements, we are able to leverage the established marketing and distribution infrastructure of these
companies in certain market places. 

Competition 

We compete with other life science and biotechnology companies, as
well as pharmaceutical, chemical and other companies. Competition in our industry is intense. Many of these companies are performing research
targeting the same technologies, applications and markets. Many of these competitors are significantly larger than we are and have more
resources. The primary competitive factors in our industry are the ability to create scientifically advanced technology, offer innovative
products at the forefront of technological development to targeted market segments, successfully develop and commercialize products on
a timely basis, establish and maintain intellectual property rights and attract and retain a breadth and depth of human resources. 

Nucleic Acid Chemistry 

We currently have broad patent coverage in the area of nucleic acid
chemistry. We have done extensive work on the labeling of nucleic acids for the purpose of generating a signal that dates back over twenty
years. Enzo has multiple owned patents covering the modification of nucleic acids at their sugar and phosphate sites. The claims contained
in these patents cover products that incorporate a signaling moiety into a nucleic acid attached to a sugar or phosphate for the purpose
of nucleic acid detection or quantification, including sequencing and real time nucleic acid amplification. Enzo also has patents directed
to proprietary dyes that may be used to label the sugar, base or phosphate positions of nucleic acids. 

Signal Delivery 

We have a long history of innovation in the area of analyte detection
using non-radioactive signaling entities. At the signaling entity itself, there are several Enzo patents that cover the formation of this
structure. A patent which was issued in 2006 covers the attachment of signaling molecules through the phosphate moiety of a nucleic acid,
which is how the signal-generating enzyme is bound. 

Nucleic Acid Analysis Format 

We have patents with issued claims covering the use of arrays of single-stranded
nucleic acids fixed or immobilized in hybridizable form to a non-porous solid support. These patents cover any product that uses arrays
of nucleic acids for molecular analysis. In some instances, we may enter into royalty agreements with collaborating research parties in
consideration for the commercial use by us of the developments of their joint research. In other instances the collaborating party might
obtain a patent, but we receive the license to use the patented subject matter. In such cases, we will seek to secure exclusive licenses.
In other instances, we might have an obligation to pay royalties to or reach a royalty arrangement with a third party in consideration
of our use of developments of such third party. 

7 

REGULATION AFFECTING OUR BUSINESSES 

Adhering to the privacy, security and breach notification requirements
under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA requires an extensive compliance infrastructure. We
are required to maintain numerous policies and procedures in order to comply with these requirements. Furthermore, we need to continuously
ensure that there are mechanisms in place to safeguard the privacy of protected health information PHI that is transmitted
or maintained in any format (e.g. oral, written, or electronic). Failure to comply with these requirements can result in criminal and
civil penalties. In addition, to comply with the HIPAA security regulations in particular, we must ensure the confidentiality, integrity
and availability of all electronic PHI EPHI that we create, receive, maintain, or transmit. We have some flexibility to
fashion our own security measures to accomplish these goals. The security regulations strongly emphasize that we must periodically conduct
an accurate and thorough assessment of the potential risks and vulnerabilities to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our
EPHI and then document our response to the various security regulations on the basis of that assessment. 

The privacy, security and breach notification regulations under HIPAA
were last modified in 2013 as a result of final regulations published pursuant to the HITECH Act Omnibus Rule ). The HITECH
Act requires, among other things, that Covered Entity health care providers, which may include laboratories, notify patients of breaches
of unsecured PHI, enter into business associate agreements with their business associates that meet certain requirements, and take other
steps to comply with the privacy, security, and breach notification requirements of the HITECH Act, which include making necessary revisions
to many of their existing privacy policies and procedures. In addition, the HITECH Act makes Business Associates directly liable to the
Federal government for compliance with certain aspects of the privacy, security and breach notification regulations. In addition, as implemented
in the Omnibus Rule, a downstream subcontractor of a Business Associate that creates, receives, maintains, or transmits PHI on behalf
of the Business Associate is also itself considered a Business Associate. 

Covered Entities and Business Associates are subject to potentially
significant civil and criminal penalties for violating HIPAA. Under the Omnibus Rule, health care providers, such as laboratories, that
are subject to HIPAA as a Covered Entity are also vicariously liable for violations of HIPAA based on acts or omissions of their agents,
including Business Associates, when the agent is acting within the scope of the agency. Complying with the electronic transaction, privacy,
security and breach notification rules requires significant effort and expense for virtually all entities that conduct health care transactions
electronically and handle PHI. 

In April 2023, the Company experienced a ransomware attack that impacted
certain critical information technology systems. In response, we promptly deployed containment measures, including disconnecting our systems
from the internet, launching an investigation with assistance from third-party cybersecurity experts, and notifying law enforcement. We
adhered to our disaster recovery plan, which enabled us to maintain operations throughout the incident response process. We are in the
process of evaluating the full scope of the costs and related impacts of this incident. The Company s facilities remained open,
and we continued to provide services to patients and partners. We later became aware that certain data, including names, test information,
and Social Security numbers, was accessed, and in some instances, exfiltrated from the Company s information technology systems
as part of this incident. The investigation identified unauthorized access to or acquisition of clinical test information of approximately
2,470,000 individuals. The Social Security numbers of approximately 600,000 of these individuals may also have been involved. Additionally,
the Company has determined that some employees information may have been involved. The Company has provided notice to the individuals
whose information may have been involved, as well as to regulatory authorities, in accordance with applicable law. There is pending Class
Action litigation (see Item 3, Legal Proceedings). 

Waste 

We are subject to licensing and regulation under federal, state and
local laws relating to the handling and disposal of hazardous waste, as well as to the safety and health of laboratory employees. Our
manufacturing facility is required to operate in accordance with applicable federal and state laws and regulations relating to disposal
of all hazardous waste. We use outside vendors to dispose of such waste. Although we believe that we comply in all respects with such
federal, state and local laws, our failure to comply with those laws could subject us to denial of the right to conduct business, fines,
criminal penalties and/or other enforcement actions. 

8 

Occupational Safety 

In addition to its comprehensive regulation of safety in the workplace,
the U.S. Federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA has established extensive requirements relating to
workplace safety. We are subject to OSHA s requirement that employers using hazardous chemicals communicate the properties and hazards
presented by those chemicals to their employees. We believe that we are in compliance with these OSHA requirements. Our failure to comply
with those regulations and requirements could subject us to tort liability, civil fines, criminal penalties and/or other enforcement actions. 

Other Regulation 

Our business is and will continue to be subject to regulation under
various state and federal environmental, safety and health laws, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act, and the Atomic Energy Act or their state law analogs. These and other laws govern our use, handling and disposal of
various biological, chemical and radioactive substances used in our operations and wastes generated by our operations. We are required
to possess licenses under, or are otherwise subject to federal and state regulations pertaining to, the handling and disposal of hazardous
waste and radioactive materials. 

We believe that we are in compliance with applicable environmental,
safety and health laws in the United States and internationally and that our continual compliance with these laws will not have a material
adverse effect on our business. All of our laboratories are operated in accordance with applicable federal and state laws and regulations
relating to hazardous substances and we use qualified third-party vendors to dispose of hazardous wastes. Although we believe that we
comply in all respects with such federal, state and local laws, our failure to comply with those laws could subject us to denial of the
right to conduct business, civil fines, criminal penalties and/or other enforcement actions. Environmental contamination resulting from
spills or disposal of hazardous substances generated by our operations, even if caused by a third-party contractor or occurring at a remote
location could result in material liability. 

Regulation of Diagnostic Products 

In February 2020, the HHS Secretary determined that there was a public
health emergency that has a significant potential to affect national security or the health and security of United States citizens living
abroad, and that involves the virus that causes COVID-19. On the basis of this determination, the Secretary then declared that circumstances
exist justifying the authorization of emergency use of in vitro diagnostics for detection and/or diagnosis of the virus that causes COVID-19. 

The diagnostic products that are developed by our collaborators, or
by us, are likely to be regulated by the FDA as medical devices. Unless an exemption applies, medical devices must undergo premarket review
(and receive 510(k) clearance , de novo 510(k) authorization, or pre-market approval PMA from the
FDA, as may be applicable) before they can be marketed in the United States. The FDA s premarket review processes may be costly
and time consuming, but the process of obtaining PMA approval is typically the most costly, lengthy and uncertain, followed by the de
novo 510(k) process, and then the 510(k) process. Regardless of the premarket review pathway that applies to a particular product,
we cannot be sure that we will successfully complete the FDA premarket review process for any product we propose to market. 

The FDA decides the premarket review process that applies to a particular
device based upon statutory criteria. These criteria include the level of risk that the agency perceives is associated with the device
and a determination whether the product is a type of device that is similar to devices that are already legally marketed. Devices deemed
to pose relatively less risk are placed in either class I or II, which requires the manufacturer to submit a premarket notification requesting
510(k) clearance, unless an exemption applies. In a pre-market notification, the applicant must demonstrate that the proposed device is
 substantially equivalent in intended use and in safety and effectiveness to a legally marketed predicate device 
that is a pre-amendment class III device (i.e., one that was legally in commercial distribution before May 1976) for which
the FDA has not yet called for submission of a PMA application, or a device which has been reclassified from Class III to Class II or
I, a device which has been found substantially equivalent through the 510(k) process, or a device that was granted marketing authorization
via the de novo classification process that is not exempt from premarket notification requirement. 

9 

After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification that
could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change in its intended use, requires a new 510(k)
clearance or could require a de novo 510(k) authorization or PMA approval (as applicable). The FDA requires each manufacturer to
make the determination regarding whether a modification triggers the requirement for a new submission in the first instance, but the FDA
can review any such decision. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s decision not to seek premarket review for the modified
device, the agency may retroactively require the manufacturer to do so. The FDA also can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or
recall the modified device until the premarket review process has been successfully completed. 

Devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risk, such as life-sustaining,
life-supporting or implantable devices, or deemed not substantially equivalent to a legally marketed class I or class II predicate device,
or to a preamendment class III device, for which PMAs have not been called, are placed in class III. Such devices are required to undergo
the PMA approval process in which the manufacturer must provide sufficient valid scientific evidence of the safety and effectiveness of
the device. A PMA application typically requires the collection of extensive preclinical and clinical trial data and also information
about the device and its components regarding, among other things, device design, manufacturing and labeling. After approval of a PMA,
a new PMA or PMA supplement is required in the event of a modification to the device, its labeling or its manufacturing process. 

Although clinical investigations of many devices are subject to the
investigational device exemption IDE requirements, clinical investigations of certain in vitro diagnostic IVDs tests are exempt from the IDE requirement provided the testing is non-invasive, does not require an invasive sampling procedure that presents
a significant risk, does not by design or intention introduce energy into the subject, and is not used as a diagnostic procedure without
confirmation by another medically established test or procedure. 

Notwithstanding the above, certain IVD products can be marketed without
going through the premarket review process if they are intended for use in the laboratory research phase of development and not represented
as an effective IVD (i.e., labeled for Research Use Only (RUO)) or for use in product testing prior to full commercial marketing (i.e.
for Investigational Use Only (IUO)). Because RUO and IUO-labeled products are exempt from most regulatory requirements that would otherwise
apply to medical devices, it is important that they are not distributed for clinical diagnostic use. Mere placement of an RUO or IUO label
on an IVD product does not render the device exempt from otherwise applicable regulatory requirements; indeed, FDA may determine that
the device is intended for use in clinical diagnosis on the basis of other evidence, including how the device is marketed. FDA recommends
that manufacturers assess the totality of the circumstances surrounding the distribution of their RUO and IUO labeled products to ensure
that they are not engaging in practices that conflict with their labeling. The FDA expressed its intent to exercise heightened enforcement
with respect to IUO and RUO devices improperly commercialized without FDA clearance, authorization or approval in a 2013 final guidance
document. 

We have developed products that we currently distribute in the United
States on a RUO basis. There can be no assurance that the FDA would agree that our distribution of these products meets the requirements
for RUO distribution. Furthermore, our failure to comply with the regulatory limitations on the sale and distribution of RUO devices could
result in enforcement action by the FDA, including the imposition of restrictions on our distribution of these products. 

In so far as the products that we manufacture or distribute are subject
to regulation as medical devices, a host of additional regulatory requirements may apply beyond premarket review requirements, including
establishment registration, device listing, the Quality System Regulation (which requires manufacturers to follow elaborate design, testing,
control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures), the Medical Device Reporting regulation (which requires that manufacturers
report to the FDA certain types of adverse events involving their products), labeling regulations, and the FDA s general prohibition
against promoting products for unapproved or off label uses. Class II devices may also be subject to special controls such
as performance standards, post market surveillance, patient registries, and FDA guidelines that do not apply to class I devices. Unanticipated
changes in existing regulatory requirements or adoption of new requirements could hurt our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

10 

We are subject to inspection and market surveillance by the FDA to
determine compliance with regulatory requirements. If the FDA finds that we have failed to comply with applicable requirements, the agency
can institute a wide variety of enforcement actions, ranging from a public warning letter to more severe sanctions such as fines, injunction,
civil penalties, recall or seizure of our products, operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production, refusal
of our requests for 510(k) clearance or PMA approval of new products, withdrawal of PMA approvals already granted, and criminal prosecution. 

The FDA also has the authority to request repair, replacement or refund
of the cost of any medical device manufactured or distributed by us. Our failure to comply with applicable requirements could lead to
an enforcement action that may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Unanticipated changes in existing regulatory requirements, our failure
to comply with such requirements or adoption of new requirements could have a material adverse effect on us. We have employees to expedite
the preparation and filing of documentation necessary for FDA clearances, authorizations, and approvals, as well as patent issuances and
licensing agreements. We cannot assure you that future clinical diagnostic products developed by us or our collaborators will not be required
to be reviewed by FDA under the more expensive and time consuming pre-market approval process. 

The Company also adheres to ISO 9001 and ISO 13485
regulations, a globally recognized Quality Management system. Improved continuous business, service, process and product improvement are
the core of ISO regulations. 

Manufacturing and Research Facilities 

Our product development, manufacture and scientific efforts currently
take place primarily at two adjacent facilities in Farmingdale, New York. One facility is utilized entirely by Enzo Life Science as its
global headquarters, and also for research and manufacturing with special handling capabilities and clean rooms suitable for our operations.
The second facility includes the Enzo Life Sciences call center and warehouse space. Enzo Life Sciences had previously centered its US
logistics, reagent and kit manufacturing at a leased facility in Ann Arbor, Michigan, which we exited in September 2021. The European
logistics operations is based in Lausen, Switzerland. We also contract with qualified third-party contractors to manufacture our products
in cases where we deem it appropriate, for example, when it is not cost-effective to produce a product ourselves or where we seek to leverage
the expertise of another manufacturer in a certain area. 

Employees 

As of July 31, 2023, we employed 179 full-time and 11 part-time employees.
Of the full-time employees, 112 were engaged in research, development, manufacturing, and marketing of research products, and 67 in finance,
information technology, administrative and executive functions. Our scientific staff, including 42 with post graduate degrees, possesses
a wide range of experience and expertise in the areas of recombinant DNA, nucleic acid chemistry, molecular biology and immunology. We
believe that we have established good relationships with our employees. 

Information Systems 

Information systems are used extensively in virtually all aspects of
our businesses. Our success depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our information technology systems. Computer
systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, malicious human acts and
natural disasters. 

Moreover, despite network security measures, some of our servers are
potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems. We have invested heavily
in the upgrade of our information and telecommunications systems to improve the quality, efficiency and security of our businesses. 

11 

Despite the precautionary measures that we have taken to prevent unanticipated
problems that could affect our information technology systems, sustained or repeated system failures could adversely affect our reputation
and result in a loss of customers and net revenues. 

On April 6, 2023, the Company experienced a ransomware attack that
impacted certain critical information technology systems. In response, we promptly deployed containment measures, including disconnecting
our systems from the internet, launched an investigation with assistance from third-party cybersecurity experts, and notified law enforcement.
We adhered to our disaster recovery plan, which enabled us to maintain operations throughout the incident response process. We are in
the process of evaluating the full scope of the costs and related impacts of this incident. During the disaster recovery, our ability
to perform clinical reference testing was severely curtailed and we were forced to outsource much of the testing to third parties, including
Labcorp. This negatively impacted the 2023 period s services revenue of the discontinued operations and costs increased due to a
higher volume of outsourcing testing to third parties. The Company has incurred, and may continue to incur, certain expenses related to
this attack, including expenses to respond to, remediate and investigate this matter, as well as related litigation and regulatory inquiries
(see Item 3, Legal Proceedings). 

FORWARD - LOOKING AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements 
as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including,
without limitation, the statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may include the words believes, expects, 
 plans, intends, anticipates, continues or other similar expressions. These statements
are based on the Company s current expectations of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may
cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Should one or more
of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from
those anticipated, estimated or projected. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any
reason, except as required by law. 

The Company files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements
and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These filings are available to the public via
the Internet at the SEC s website located at http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document the Company files with
the SEC at the SEC s public reference room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. For more information, please call
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

The Company s website is located at www.enzo.com. The Company
makes available on its website a link to all filings that it makes with the SEC. You may request a copy of the Company s filings
with the SEC (excluding exhibits) at no cost by writing or telephoning us at the following address or telephone number: 

Enzo Biochem, Inc. 

81 Executive Blvd. Suite 3 

Farmingdale, NY 11735 

Tel: (631) 755-5500 

Attn: Investor Relations 

12 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Our failure to establish and maintain effective internal controls
over financial reporting and information technology access could result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements,
our failure to meet our reporting obligations and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which in turn
could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. 

Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and rules
promulgated by the SEC, companies are required to conduct a comprehensive evaluation of their internal control over financial reporting.
As part of this process, we are required to document and test our internal control over financial reporting; management is required to
assess and issue a report concerning our internal control over financial reporting; and our independent registered public accounting firm
may be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention
or overriding of controls, or fraud. 

Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be prevented or detected timely. Even effective internal controls over financial
reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. 

The existence of a material weakness could result in errors in our
financial statements that could result in a restatement of financial statements, which could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations,
lead to a loss of investor confidence and have a negative impact on the trading price of our common stock. 

In connection with our April 30, 2023 unaudited consolidated financial
statements, Enzo s management identified a deficiency, which it considers to be a material weakness, which could reasonably
result in a material misstatement in the Company s financial statements. The Company has implemented remediation measures. However,
the material weakness cannot be considered remediated until the applicable controls have operated for a sufficient period of time and
management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 

Enzo has concluded that there are material weaknesses in its internal
control over financial reporting, which, if not remediated, could materially adversely affect its ability to timely and accurately report
its results of operations and financial condition. The accuracy of Enzo s financial reporting depends on the effectiveness of its
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Internal controls over financial reporting can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Failure
to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, or lapses in disclosure controls and procedures, could undermine the
ability to provide accurate disclosure (including with respect to financial information) on a timely basis, which could cause investors
to lose confidence in Enzo s disclosures (including with respect to financial information), require significant resources to remediate
the lapse or deficiency, and expose it to legal or regulatory proceedings. In connection with our April 30, 2023 unaudited consolidated
financial statements, Enzo s management identified a deficiency, which it considers to be a material weakness, which
could reasonably result in a material misstatement in the Company s financial statements. The Company has implemented remediation
measures. However, the material weakness cannot be considered remediated until the applicable controls have operated for a sufficient
period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 

Business Risks 

Our operating results may vary from period to period. 

Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter
and from year to year, depending on a variety of factors including: 

customer
demand for our products due to changes in purchasing requirements and research needs; 

the
introduction of new products by us or our competitors; 

the
timing of our research and development, sales and marketing expenses; 

general
worldwide economic conditions affecting funding of research; 

expenses
associated with defending our intellectual property portfolio 

foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

changes
in tax laws, the results of tax audits or the measurement of tax uncertainties; and 

the
success of identifying, acquiring and integrating businesses that complement our product offerings, add new technology or add presence
in a market; 

Consequently, results for any interim or full year period may not necessarily
be indicative of results in subsequent periods. 

13 

A significant proportion of our Products revenues are from academic
centers, funded by government grants in our major markets globally. 

Governments around the world have been reviewing long term public funding
of life science research in response to the problems arising from global financial pressures. As a result, the available funds for discretionary
purchases from market to market have been capped or reduced based on available National budgets. Reduced grants for researchers could
impact our business, in the amount, price and type of products bought and used by customers. 

A significant proportion of our Products revenues are from customers
in pharmaceutical and biotech companies. 

Globally, pharmaceutical companies are challenging internal budgets,
and the return of investment from their R D spend. This could impact our business, in the amount, price and type of products bought
and used by customers. 

Our future success will depend in part upon our ability to enhance
existing products, develop and introduce new products and realize commercial acceptance of those products, in a rapidly changing technological
environment. 

The market for our products is characterized by rapidly changing technology,
evolving industry standards and new product introductions, which may make our existing products obsolete. Our future success will depend
in part upon our ability to enhance existing products, develop and introduce new products, and realize commercial acceptance of those
products. 

The development of new or enhanced products is a complex and uncertain
process requiring the accurate anticipation of technological and market trends as well as precise technological execution. In addition,
the successful development of new products will depend on the development of new technologies. We will be required to undertake time-consuming
and costly development activities and to seek regulatory approval for these new products. We may experience difficulties that could delay
or prevent the successful development, introduction and marketing of these new products. Regulatory clearance or approval of any new products
may not be granted by the FDA, state-wide agency or foreign regulatory authorities on a timely basis, or at all, and the new products
may not be successfully commercialized. 

Our inability to carry out certain of our marketing and sales plans
may make it difficult for us to grow or maintain our business. 

The Products segment continues a marketing program designed to more
directly service its end users, while simultaneously promoting the Enzo Life Science brand, with reference to our acquired brands. We
will continue to reach out to our customers using our direct field sales force, in-house business team, the on-going enhancement of our
interactive websites, continued attendance at top industry trade meetings, and publications to customers and in leading scientific journals.
In addition to our direct sales, we operate worldwide through wholly-owned subsidiaries (in USA, Switzerland, Belgium, Germany, and the
UK), a branch office in France and a network of third-party distributors in most other significant markets. If we are unable to successfully
continue these programs, we may be unable to grow and our business could suffer. 

We face significant competition, which could cause us to decrease
the prices for our products or render our products uneconomical or obsolete, any of which could reduce our revenues and limit our growth. 

Our competitors in the biotechnology industry in the United States
and abroad are numerous and include major pharmaceutical, energy, food and chemical companies, as well as specialized genetic engineering
firms. Many of our large competitors have substantially greater resources than us and have the capability of developing products which
compete directly with our products. Many of these companies are performing research in the same areas as we are. The markets for our products
are also subject to competitive risks because markets are highly price competitive. Our competitors have competed in the past by lowering
prices on certain products. 

These competitive conditions could, among other things: 

require
us to reduce our prices to retain market share; 

require
us to increase our marketing efforts which could reduce our profit margins; 

increase
our cost of labor to attract qualified personnel; 

render
our biotechnology products uneconomical or obsolete or; 

reduce
our revenue 

Ethical, legal and social concerns surrounding the use of genetic
information could reduce demand for our products. 

Genetic testing has raised ethical issues regarding privacy and the
appropriate uses of the resulting information. For these reasons, governmental authorities may call for limits on or regulation of the
use of genetic testing or prohibit testing for genetic predisposition to certain conditions, particularly for those that have no known
cure. Similarly, such concerns may lead individuals to refuse to use genetics tests even if permissible. Any of these scenarios could
reduce the potential markets for our molecular diagnostic products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

14 

We depend on distributors and contract manufacturers and suppliers
for materials that could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products. 

We manufacture and distribute our own brand products and the products
of third party manufacturers and suppliers. Distributors also sell our branded products. To the extent we are unable to maintain or replace
a distributor in a reasonable time period, or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, our operations could be disrupted. 

Outside distributors, suppliers and contract manufacturers provide
key finished goods, components and raw materials used in the sale and manufacture of our products. Although we believe that alternative
sources for components and raw materials are available, any supply interruption in a limited or sole source component or raw material
would harm our ability to manufacture our products until a new source of supply is identified and qualified. In addition, an uncorrected
defect or supplier s variation in a component or raw material, either unknown to us or incompatible with our manufacturing process,
could harm our ability to manufacture products. We might not be able to find a sufficient alternative supplier in a reasonable time period,
or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we fail to obtain a supplier for the components of our products, our operations could
be disrupted. 

We use hazardous materials in our business. Any claims relating
to improper handling, storage or disposal of these materials could be costly and time-consuming. 

Our manufacturing and research and development processes involve the
storage, use and disposal of hazardous substances, including hazardous chemicals, biological hazardous materials and radioactive compounds.
We are subject to governmental regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of materials and waste products.
Although we believe that our safety and environmental management practices and procedures for handling and disposing of these hazardous
materials are in accordance with good industry practice and comply with applicable laws, permits, licenses and regulations, the risk of
accidental environmental or human contamination or injury from the release or exposure of hazardous materials cannot be completely eliminated.
In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for any damages that result, including environmental clean-up or decontamination
costs, and any such liability could exceed the limits of, or fall outside the coverage of, our insurance. 

We may not be able to maintain insurance on acceptable terms, or at
all. We could be required to incur significant costs to comply with current or future environmental and public and workplace safety and
health laws and regulations. 

We are required to expend significant resources for research and
development for our diagnostic products in development and these products may not be developed successfully. Failure to successfully develop
these products may prevent us from earning a return on our research and development expenditures. 

The diagnostic products we are developing are at various stages of
development and clinical evaluations and may require further technical development and investment to determine whether commercial application
is practicable. There can be no assurance that our efforts will result in products with valuable commercial applications. Our cash requirements
may vary materially from current estimates because of results of our research and development programs, competitive and technological
advances and other factors. In any event, we will require substantial funds to conduct development activities, apply for regulatory approvals
and commercialize products, if any, that are developed. 

We do not have any commitments or arrangements to obtain any additional
financing and there is no assurance that required financing will be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. Even if we spend substantial
amounts on research and development, our potential diagnostic products may not be developed successfully. 

If our diagnostic product candidates on which we have expended significant
amounts for research and development are not commercialized, we will not earn a return on our research and development expenditures, which
may harm our business. 

Risks relating to our Intellectual Property and Regulatory Approval 

Protecting our proprietary rights is difficult and costly. If we
fail to adequately protect or enforce our proprietary rights, we could lose potential revenue from licensing and royalties. 

Our potential revenue and success depends in large part on our ability
to obtain, maintain and enforce our patents. Our ability to commercialize any product successfully will largely depend on our ability
to obtain and maintain patents of sufficient scope to prevent third parties from developing similar or competitive products. In the absence
of patent protection, competitors may impact our business by developing and marketing substantially equivalent products and technology. 

Patent disputes are frequent and can preclude the commercialization
of products. We have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future be, involved in material patent litigation, such as the matters
discussed under Part I - Item 3. Legal Proceedings in this report. Patent protection litigation is time-consuming and we
have incurred and anticipate continuing to incur significant legal costs. In addition, an adverse decision could force us to either obtain
third-party licenses at a material cost or cease using the technology or product in dispute. 

15 

We have filed applications for United States and foreign patents covering
certain aspects of our technology, but there is no assurance that pending patents will issue or as to the degree of protection which any
owned patent might afford. 

Lawsuits, including patent infringements, in the biotechnology industry
are not uncommon. If we become involved in any significant litigation, we would suffer as a result of the diversion of our management s
attention, the expense of litigation and any judgments against us. 

In addition to intellectual property litigation for infringement, other
substantial, complex or extended litigation could result in large expenditures by us and distraction of our management. Patent litigation
is time-consuming and costly in its own right and could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties. In addition, an adverse
decision could force us to either obtain third-party licenses at a material cost or cease using the technology or product in dispute.
In addition, lawsuits by employees, stockholders, collaborators or distributors could be very costly and substantially disrupt our business.
Disputes from time to time with companies or individuals are not uncommon in the biotechnology industry, and we cannot assure you that
we will always be able to resolve them out of court. 

We also utilize certain unpatented proprietary technology and no assurance
can be given that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary technology, that such proprietary technology
will not be disclosed or that we can meaningfully protect our rights to such proprietary technology. 

Our business is subject to governmental laws and regulations. Changes
in the way the FDA regulates the reagents, and other consumables we use when developing, validating, and performing our tests could result
in delay or additional expense in bringing our tests to market or performing such tests for our customers . We may be unable to
obtain or maintain regulatory approvals for our diagnostic products, which could reduce our revenue or prevent us from earning a return
on our research and development expenditures. 

Our research, preclinical development, product manufacturing and marketing
are subject to regulation by the FDA and similar health authorities in foreign countries. The FDA has regulatory responsibility over,
among other areas, instruments, software, test kits, reagents and other devices used by clinical laboratories to perform diagnostic testing
in the U.S. The tests we develop internally are offered as lab developed tests or LDTs. The FDA has claimed regulatory authority over
all LDTs, but has stated that it exercised enforcement discretion with regard to most LDTs performed by high complexity CLIA-certified
laboratories. As the FDA moves to regulate more clinical laboratory testing, its approach to regulation is impacting industry practices
and participants, new competitors may enter the industry, and competition may come in new forms. In late 2018, legislation was introduced
in Congress that would enable the FDA to regulate LDTs, in vitro diagnostics, software and other items used in the diagnosis of disease.
If this legislation were to become law, the FDA could regulate diagnostic tests and components and platforms used as part of these tests.
If such legislation were to become law, it could have a significant impact on the clinical laboratory testing industry, including regulating
LDTs in new ways and creating avenues of opportunity and competition regarding clinical laboratory testing. New competitors may enter
the industry, and competition may come in new forms. Pursuant to the 21st Century Cures Act, the FDA issued guidance regarding its position
on the regulation of clinical decision software, which may be used in, or in connection with, LDTs. The guidance attempts to clarify whether
FDA approval of certain software is required. In January 2019, the FDA issued draft guidance on a pre-certification pilot program to help
software developers have a speedier and less restrictive path to clearance or approval of their software. 

We cannot be sure that we can obtain necessary regulatory approvals
on a timely basis, if at all, for any of the products we are developing or manufacturing or that we can maintain necessary regulatory
approvals for our existing products, and all of the following could have a material adverse effect on our business: 

significant
delays in obtaining or failing to obtain required approvals; 

loss
of, or changes to, previously obtained approvals; 

failure
to comply with existing or future regulatory requirements and; 

changes to manufacturing processes, manufacturing process standards
or GMP following approval or changing interpretations of these factors. 

16 

Adverse perception and increased regulatory scrutiny of gene medicine
and genetic research might limit our ability to conduct our business. 

Ethical, social and legal concerns about gene medicine, genetic testing
and genetic research could result in additional regulations restricting or prohibiting the technologies we or our collaborators may use.
Recently, gene medicine studies have come under increasing scrutiny, which has delayed on-going and could delay future clinical trials
and regulatory approvals. Federal and state agencies, congressional committees and foreign governments have expressed interest in further
regulating biotechnology. More restrictive regulations or claims that our products are unsafe or pose a hazard could prevent us from commercializing
any products. 

Financial Risks 

We have experienced significant losses in our continuing operations
in fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 and our losses have resulted in the use of cash in operations. If such losses and cash uses
continue, the value of your investment could decline significantly. 

We incurred net losses before income taxes from continuing operations
of 25.0 million and 20.3 million, for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. If our revenues do not increase,
or if our operating expenses exceed expectations or cannot be reduced, we may continue to suffer substantial losses and use cash in operations
which could have an adverse effect on our business and adversely affect your investment in our Company. We have an accumulated deficit
of 268.4 million as of July 31, 2023 and net cash used in operating activities was 37.0 million for the fiscal year 2023. We may continue
to generate net losses. We believe our cash and cash equivalents at July 31, 2023 are sufficient for our operations and non-discretionary
capital needs for at least twelve months from the filing of this report. Failure to generate additional product revenues at higher margins,
obtain additional capital or manage discretionary spending could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
and liquidity. 

Other risks relating to our business 

Cyber security risks and the failure to maintain the confidentiality,
integrity, and availability of our computer hardware, software, and Internet applications and related tools and functions could result
in damage to the Company s reputation and/or subject the Company to costs, fines, or lawsuits. 

The integrity and protection of our own data, and that of its customers
and employees, is critical to the Company s business. The regulatory environment governing information, security and privacy laws
is increasingly demanding and continues to evolve. Maintaining compliance with applicable security and privacy regulations may increase
the Company s operating costs and/or adversely impact the Company s ability to market its products and services to customers.
Although the Company s computer and communications hardware is protected through physical and software safeguards, it is still vulnerable
to fire, storm, flood, power loss, earthquakes, telecommunications failures, physical or software break-ins, software viruses, and similar
events. These events could lead to the unauthorized access, disclosure and use of non-public information. The techniques used by criminal
elements to attack computer systems are sophisticated, change frequently and may originate from less regulated and remote areas of the
world. As a result, the Company may not be able to address these techniques proactively or implement adequate preventative measures. If
the Company s computer systems are compromised, it could be subject to fines, damages, litigation, and enforcement actions, customers
could curtail or cease using its applications, and the Company could lose trade secrets, the occurrence of which could harm its business. 

17 

We rely on network and information systems and other technology
whose failure or misuse could cause, and has caused, a disruption of services or loss or improper disclosure of personal data, business
information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information, resulting in increased costs, loss of revenue or other
harm to our business. 

Network and information systems and other
technologies, including those related to the Company s network management, are important to its business activities. The Company
also relies on third party providers for certain technology and cloud-based systems and services that support a variety
of business operations. Network and information systems-related events affecting the Company s systems, or those of third parties
upon which the Company s business relies, such as computer compromises, cyber threats and attacks, ransomware attacks, computer
viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering
or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, as well as power outages, equipment failure, natural disasters (including
extreme weather), terrorist activities, war, human or technological error or malfeasance that may affect such systems, could result in
disruption of the Company s business and/or loss, corruption or improper disclosure of personal data, business information, including
intellectual property, or other confidential information. In addition, any design or manufacturing defects in, or the improper implementation
of, hardware or software applications the Company develops or procures from third parties could unexpectedly compromise information security.
In recent years, there has been a rise in the number of cyber-attacks and ransomware attacks on companies network and information
systems, and such attacks have become more sophisticated, targeted and difficult to detect and prevent. As a result, the risks associated
with such an event continue to increase, particularly as the Company s digital businesses expand. The Company s security measures
and internal controls that are designed to protect personal data, business information, including intellectual property, and other confidential
information, to prevent data loss, and to prevent or detect security breaches, have not always provided, and cannot provide, absolute
security and have at times failed and may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, particularly given that techniques
used to access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, and any network and information systems-related events
have required and could continue to require the Company to expend significant resources to remedy such event. Moreover, the development
and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome
security measures become more sophisticated. The Company s cyber risk insurance may not be sufficient to cover all losses from any
future breaches of our systems. 

A significant cyber attack, ransomware attack,
failure, compromise, breach or interruption of the Company s systems, or those of third parties upon which its business relies,
could result in a disruption of its operations, customer, audience or advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to its reputation or brands,
regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, lawsuits, remediation costs, a loss of customers, advertisers or revenues and other
financial losses. If any such failure, interruption or similar event results in the improper disclosure of information maintained in the
Company s information systems and networks or those of its vendors, including financial, personal, credit card, confidential and
proprietary information relating to personnel, customers, vendors and the Company s business, including its intellectual property,
the Company could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data
and privacy. In addition, media or other reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to our systems or those of third parties upon which
the Company s business relies, even if nothing has actually been attempted or occurred, could also adversely impact our brand and
reputation and materially affect our business. 

On April 6, 2023, the Company experienced
a ransomware attack that impacted certain critical information technology systems. The Company has incurred, and may continue to incur,
certain expenses related to this attack and remains subject to risks and uncertainties as a result of the incident. Additionally, security
and privacy incidents have led to, and may continue to lead to, additional regulatory scrutiny and class action litigation exposure. This
incident severely curtailed our ability to perform clinical reference testing and we were forced to outsource much of the testing to third
parties, including Labcorp, which negatively impacted the 2023 period s services revenue and increased costs due to a higher volume
of outsourcing testing to third parties in the discontinued operations. See Note 17 Contingencies for additional information. 

If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, including our senior
management, our business could be adversely affected. 

Most of our products and services are highly technical in nature. In
general, only highly qualified and trained scientists and technician personnel have the necessary skills to develop proprietary technological
products and market our products and support our research and development programs. 

18 

In addition, some of our manufacturing, quality control, safety and
compliance, information technology and e-commerce related positions are highly technical as well. Further, our sales personnel are highly
trained and are important to retaining and growing our businesses. Our success depends in large part upon our ability to identify, hire,
retain and motivate highly skilled professionals. 

We face intense competition for these professionals from our competitors,
customers, marketing partners and other companies throughout the industries in which we compete. Since our inception we have successfully
recruited and hired qualified key employees. Any failure on our part to hire, train, and retain a sufficient number of qualified professionals
would seriously damage our business. 

We depend heavily on the services of our senior management. We believe
that our future success depends on the continued services of such management. Our business may be harmed by the loss of a significant
number of our senior management in a short period of time. 

The insurance we purchase to cover our potential business risk may
be inadequate. 

Although we believe that our present insurance coverage is sufficient
to cover our current estimated exposures, we cannot assure that we will not incur losses or liabilities in excess of our policy limits.
In addition, although we believe that will be able to continue to obtain adequate coverage, we cannot assure that we will be able to do
so at acceptable costs. 

We are, and may become subject to, legal
proceedings, arbitration proceedings, investigations, and other claims or disputes, which are costly to defend and, if determined
adversely to us, could require us to pay fines or damages, undertake remedial measures, or prevent us from taking certain actions, any
of which could adversely affect our business. 

We are, and in the future
may become, a party to legal proceedings, arbitration proceedings, investigations, and other claims or disputes, which have related and
may relate to subjects including our recent ransomware attack and data breach, breach of fiduciary duties relating to our commercial transactions,
intellectual property, securities, employee relations, or compliance with applicable laws and regulations (see Part I - Item 3, Legal
Proceedings). 

We face a significant
risk due to ongoing litigation that has the potential to result in future financial obligations, adversely impacting the company s
business and profitability. The outcome of the present legal proceedings may lead to financial liabilities, such as settlements or damages,
posing a material threat to our financial condition and cash flow. Moreover, adverse litigation outcomes may harm our reputation, affecting
customer trust and investor confidence, thereby influencing market share and brand value. While we are actively managing and addressing
the litigation, uncertainties persist, emphasizing the importance of transparency in communication with stakeholders and the implementation
of effective risk mitigation strategies. 

Risks relating to our international operations 

Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect
our business. 

Since we operate as a multinational corporation that sells and sources
products in many different countries, changes in exchange rates could in the future, adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. 

Furthermore, reported sales and purchases made in non-U.S. currencies
by our international businesses, when translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes, fluctuate due to exchange rate movement.
Due to the number of currencies involved, the variability of currency exposures and the potential volatility of currency exchange rates,
we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on future sales and operating results. 

19 

We are subject to economic, political and other risks associated
with our significant international business, which could adversely affect our financial results. 

We operate internationally primarily through wholly-owned subsidiaries
located in North America and Europe. Revenues outside the United States were approximately 40 of total revenues in fiscal year 2023.
Our sales and earnings could be adversely affected by a variety of factors resulting from our international operations, including 

future fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

complex regulatory requirements and changes in those requirements; 

trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

multiple jurisdictions and differing tax laws, as well as changes in those laws; 

restrictions on our ability to repatriate investments and earnings from foreign operations; 

changes in the political or economic conditions in a country or region, including the actual and potential impact Brexit has on our UK operations; 

changes in shipping costs; and 

difficulties in collecting on accounts receivable. 

If any of these risks materialize, we could face substantial increases
in costs, the reduction of profit and the inability to do business. 

With our commercialization activities outside of the United States,
we are subject to the risk of inadvertently conducting activities in a manner that violates the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and
similar laws. If that occurs, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ),
which prohibits corporations and individuals from paying, offering to pay, or authorizing the payment of anything of value to any foreign
government official, government staff member, political party, or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business or to
otherwise influence a person working in an official capacity. We are also subject to the UK Anti-Bribery Act, which prohibits both domestic
and international bribery, as well as bribery across both public and private sectors. 

In the course of establishing and expanding our commercial operations
and seeking regulatory approvals outside of the United States, we will need to establish and expand business relationships with various
third parties and we will interact more frequently with foreign officials, including regulatory authorities. Expanded programs to maintain
compliance with such laws will be costly and may not be effective. Any interactions with any such parties or individuals where compensation
is provided that are found to be in violation of such laws could result in substantial fines and penalties and could materially harm our
business. Furthermore, any finding of a violation under one country s laws may increase the likelihood that we will be prosecuted
and be found to have violated another country s laws. If our business practices outside the United States are found to be in violation
of the FCPA, UK Anti-Bribery Act or other similar law, we may be subject to significant civil and criminal penalties which could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Relating to our Common Stock 

Our stock price has been volatile, which could result in substantial
losses for investors. 

Our common stock is quoted on the New York Stock Exchange, and there
has been historical volatility in the market price of our common stock. The trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely
to continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations due to a variety of factors, including: 

fluctuations in our quarterly operating and earnings per share results; 

the gain or loss of significant contracts; 

loss of key personnel; 

announcements of technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors; 

delays in the development and introduction of new products; 

legislative or regulatory changes; 

general trends in the industries we operate; 

recommendations and/or changes in estimates by equity and market research analysts; 

biological or medical discoveries; 

20 

disputes and/or developments concerning intellectual property, including patents and litigation matters; 

public concern as to the safety of new technologies; 

sales of common stock of existing holders; 

securities class action or other litigation; 

developments in our relationships with current or future customers and suppliers and; 

general economic conditions, both in the United States and worldwide. 

In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price
and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of our common stock, as well as the stock of many companies in our industries.
Often, price fluctuations are unrelated to operating performance of the specific companies whose stock is affected. 

In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of
a company s stock, securities class action litigation has occurred against the issuing company. If we were subject to this type
of litigation in the future, we could incur substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources, each
of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and earnings. Any adverse determination in this type of litigation could
also subject us to significant liabilities. 

Because we have not and may never pay cash dividends on our common
stock, an investor in our common stock may only benefit if it appreciates in value. 

We currently intend to retain our retained earnings and future earnings,
if any, to finance the expansion of our business and may not pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. As
a result, the success of an investment in our common stock may depend entirely upon any future appreciation. There is no guarantee that
our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which investors purchased their shares. 

It may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, which could
inhibit stockholders from realizing a premium on their stock price. 

Our certificate of incorporation, as amended, and by-laws contain provisions
that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us that stockholders may consider favorable or
beneficial due to a majority stockholder vote requirement. These provisions could discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult
for stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might
be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions include advance notice requirements for the submission
by stockholders of nominations for election to the board of directors and for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders
at a meeting. 

Future sales of shares of our common stock or the issuance of securities
senior to our common stock could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and our ability to raise funds in new equity offerings. 

We are not restricted from issuing additional common stock, preferred
stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for common stock. Future sales of a substantial number of our shares of common stock
or equity-related securities in the public market or privately, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect
prevailing trading prices of our common stock, and could impair our ability to raise capital through future offerings of equity or equity-related
securities. No prediction can be made as to the effect, if any, that future sales of shares of common stock or the availability of shares
of common stock for future sale will have on the trading price of our common stock. 

21 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

Item 2. Properties 

The following are the principal facilities of the Company: 

Leased or 
 Square 
 
 Location 
 Primary use 
 Segments 
 owned 
 footage 
 
 Farmingdale, NY (Note 1) 
 Formerly Clinical laboratory and research 
 Formerly Clinical Labs 
 Leased 
 43,000 

Farmingdale, NY 
 Manufacturing, research, sales and administrative office 
 Products 
 Owned 
 22,000 

Farmingdale, NY (Note 2) 
 Manufacturing and administrative office 
 Products 
 Owned 
 36,000 

Farmingdale, NY (Note 3) 
 Corporate headquarters and administrative office 
 Products and Other 
 Leased 
 12,000 

New York, NY (Note 4) 
 Administrative office 
 Other 
 Leased 
 11,300 

Lausen, Switzerland (Note 5) 
 Operational headquarters in Europe, including sales and distribution 
 Products 
 Leased 
 9,626 

Note 1 
 On October 9, 2015, this lease was amended and extended through March
31, 2027.We are evaluating our continued use of this facility. The square footage shown is per the lease agreement. 
 
 Note 2 
 On November 27, 2018 we closed on the 6 million purchase of this facility, which was subleased through June 30, 2020. 
 
 Note 3 
 This lease commenced June 15, 2021 and expires on June 15, 2024. 
 
 Note 4 
 In June 2017, the lease was extended through June 2028. In July 2022, we sublet 7,200 square feet of this space for the remaining term of the lease, expiring June 2028. 
 
 Note 5 
 In June 2019, the lease was amended and extended through July 2020 and automatically renews for one year on each anniversary. 

22 

We believe the current facilities are suitable and adequate for the
Company s current operating needs for its Products and Corporate and Other segments and that the production capacity
in various locations is sufficient to manage services and product requirements. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Enzo Biochem is currently subject to regulatory
inquiry from the New York Attorney General and a joint inquiry from the Connecticut and New Jersey Attorneys General. Both inquiries
ask questions about the ransomware incident, as well as the corrective actions taken in response. It is not known at this time whether
the Attorneys General will seek penalty against the Company. We are unable to evaluate the likelihood of an outcome, favorable or unfavorable,
to the Company or to estimate the amount or range of any potential liability, if any, at this time. 

There is also pending Class Action litigation: 

In re Enzo Biochem Data Breach Litigation ,
No. 2:23-cv-04282 (EDNY) 

In the Eastern District of New York twenty putative
class actions have been consolidated alleging various harms stemming from the April 2023 data incident. Interim lead counsel has been
appointed and a consolidated complaint is due to be filed on November 13, 2023. The complaints seek to certify a federal class as well
as several state subclasses. Based on the individual complaints that were filed, we expect the consolidated complaint to bring various
statutory and common law claims including negligence, negligence per se, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of implied contract, breach
of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, violation of the New York s General Business Law 349, Invasion of
Privacy, violations of the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act, violations of the New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act. 

Maria Sgambati et al., v. Enzo Biochem,
Inc., et al ., Index No. 619511/2023 (N.Y. Sup. Ct.) 

This is a putative class action pending in state
court alleging various harms stemming from the April 2023 data incident. The complaint seeks to certify a class of New York residents.
The complaint brings claims of negligence; negligence per se ; breach of implied covenant and good faith and fair dealing; breach
of duty; breach of implied contract; and violations of New York s Deceptive Acts and Practices 349. We have filed a motion
to stay this action pending the resolution of the Federal Action and the motion remains pending. 

Louis v. Enzo Biochem, Inc. et al. ,
Index No. 653281/2023 (N.Y. Sup. Ct.) 

This is a putative class action pending in state
court alleging various harms stemming from the April 2023 data incident. The complaint seeks to certify a class of New York citizens.
The complaint brings claims of for negligence; negligence per se ; breach of duty, breach of implied contract; breach of implied
covenant of good faith and fair dealing; and violations of New York s Deceptive Acts and Practices 349. We have filed a motion
to stay this action pending the resolution of the Federal Action and the motion remains pending. 

A provision has been made in the financial statements for a financial
contingency for the above matters based on a reasonable estimate; however, the actual exposure may differ. 

On or about
March 2, 2023, a verified complaint was filed in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County captioned Elazar Rabbani
v. Mary Tagliaferri, et al., Index No. 651120/2023. The verified complaint purports to assert causes of action for breach of fiduciary
duty and corporate waste under N.Y.B.C.L. 720, and also seeks an accounting and certain injunctive relief. Plaintiff served a
copy of the verified complaint on Enzo s agent for service in New York on or about March 13, 2023. On August 4, 2023, defendants
moved to dismiss all of the causes of action asserted in the verified complaint. Plaintiff filed an amended complaint on or about 
October 4, 2023, adding, among other things, an additional cause of action for violation of N.Y.B.C.L. 626. On October 23, 2023,
Defendants filed a reply in further support of their motion to dismiss. On October 24, 2023, Plaintiff sought leave to file an opposition
brief. Defendants filed an opposition to that request on October 26, 2023. On October 31, 2023, in response to a question from the Court s
law clerk, Defendants reiterated that they had elected to apply their original motion to dismiss to the amended pleading. That same day,
Plaintiff indicated his intent to file an opposition to that motion on or before November 6, 2023. The Company cannot predict the outcome
of this matter. 

23 

The Company has brought cases in the United States District Court for
the District of Delaware the Court ), alleging patent infringement against various companies. In 2017, the Court ruled that
the asserted claims of the 180 and 405 Patents are invalid for nonenablement in cases involving Abbott, Becton Dickinson,
Gen-Probe, Hologic, and Roche. That ruling was affirmed by the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit Federal
Circuit in June 2019. Enzo subsequently filed a petition for certiorari regarding the invalidity ruling for the 180 and
 405 Patents in February 2020; the Supreme Court denied Enzo s petition on March 30, 2020. 

The Company, along with its subsidiary Enzo Life Sciences, Inc., resolved
its claims against Roche regarding the 197 Patent before the Court (civil action No. 12 cv-00106) in July 2022. There is currently
one case that was originally brought by the Company that is still pending in the Court. In that case, Enzo alleges patent infringement
of the 197 patent against Becton Dickinson Defendants. The claims in that case are stayed. 

In separate inter partes review proceedings before the U.S. Patent
and Trademark Office (PTO) involving, among others, Becton Dickinson, certain claims of the 197 Patent were found unpatentable
as anticipated or obvious and cancelled by the Patent Trial and Appeals Board Board ). Enzo appealed that decision to the
Federal Circuit. On August 16, 2019, the Federal Circuit affirmed the Board s decision, finding that each of the challenged claims
is unpatentable. The Company filed a petition for rehearing and rehearing en banc on October 30, 2019, which the Federal Circuit denied
on December 4, 2019. The Company filed a petition for certiorari with the Supreme Court on March 3, 2020, which was denied. 

In April 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with Hologic and
Grifols, resolving litigation resulting from four cases originally brought by the Company in the Court. As a result, Enzo dismissed
(1) a stayed patent litigation regarding the 180 and 197 Patent against Hologic in the Court; (2) the Consolidated Appeals
against Gen-Probe and Hologic resulting from two cases filed in the Court, and (3) the Company s appeal in the litigation involving
the 581 Patent that involved both Hologic and Grifols. As a result of the agreement with Hologic, Hologic withdrew from Enzo s
Federal Circuit appeal of the Board s adverse rulings in the inter partes review proceedings regarding the 197 Patent
filed by Hologic and joined by Becton Dickinson mentioned above. 

On September 2, 2021, the PTO issued a non-final office action in an
 ex parte reexamination concerning the 197 Patent. In the office action, the PTO rejected certain claims of the 197
Patent under 35 U.S.C. 102 and 103, and for nonstatutory double-patenting. Enzo responded to the office action on January
3, 2022, and the proceeding remains pending. Becton Dickinson requested another ex parte reexamination concerning the 197
patent on July 26, 2022. On September 16, 2022, the PTO ordered that ex parte reexamination as to certain claims of the 197
patent and has not yet issued an office action. Enzo filed a petition to terminate that second reexamination proceeding on November 16,
2022. 

On November 27, 2020, the Company brought an action in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York against Harbert Discovery Fund, LP, Harbert Discovery Co-Investment Fund I, LP, Harbert
Fund Advisors, Inc., Harbert Management Corp. and Kenan Lucas (together, Harbert ). The Company alleged Harbert made false
and misleading representations, or omitted to state material facts necessary to make their statements not misleading, in proxy materials
they disseminated seeking the election to the Company s Board of Directors at its 2019 Annual Meeting of two candidates they nominated,
in violation of Section 14(a) of the 1934 Exchange Act and Rule 14a-9 thereunder. The Company sought damages and injunctive relief. On
October 12, 2021, HDF filed five counterclaims against the Company and present and former directors Dr. Elazar Rabbani, Barry W. Weiner,
Dr. Bruce A. Hanna, Dov Perlysky, Rebeca Fischer, Dr. Mary Tagliaferri and Dr. Ian B. Walters. HDF claimed the Company made false and
misleading representations in proxy materials it disseminated in connection with its 2019 Annual Meeting, in violation of Section 14(a)
of the 1934 Exchange Act and Rule 14a-9 thereunder, and that the Company s directors at that time were liable under Section 20(a)
of the Exchange Act for the Company s purported misstatements. HDF also claimed that current and former Company directors breached
their fiduciary duties by taking four corporate actions: (a) adjourning the 2019 meeting for 25 days; (b) purportedly causing the two
Harbert candidates for director, who were elected at the 2019 Meeting, to resign in November 2020; (c) authorizing the November 27, 2020
Lawsuit; and (d) not accepting Dr. Rabbani s resignation as a director in March 2021. On November 10, 2021, the Company and the
other counterclaim defendants moved to dismiss HDF s counterclaims. On December 9, 2021, the court granted the motion to dismiss
HDF s counterclaims except HDF s Section 14(a) claim against the Company concerning its statement that it intended to delay 
the 2019 Annual Meeting, and HDF s Section 20(a) and breach of fiduciary duty counterclaims against Dr. Elazar Rabbani, Barry W.
Weiner, Dr. Bruce Hanna, Dov Perlysky and Rebecca Fischer with respect to that statement. The Court allowed HDF to move for leave to replead
with respect to its dismissed counterclaims. On June 7, 2022, the Court so ordered a stipulation of dismissal with prejudice
of the Company s claims against Harbert Discovery Fund, LP, Harbert Discovery Co-Investment Fund I, LP, Harbert Fund Advisors, Inc.,
Harbert Management Corp., and Kenan Lucas, and HDF s counterclaims against the Company, Dr. Bruce Hanna, Dov Perlysky, Rebecca Fischer,
Dr. Ian B. Walters and Dr. Mary Tagliaferri. The only remaining claims were HDF s counterclaims against Dr. Rabbani and Mr. Weiner.
HDF asked the Court to dismiss those claims without prejudice. Dr. Rabbani and Mr. Weiner asked the Court to dismiss those counterclaims
with prejudice and to allow them to take discovery from HDF, the Company, and possibly others. On December 1, 2022, the court granted
HDF s motion for voluntary dismissal without prejudice, denied Dr. Rabbani and Mr. Weiner s motion to compel discovery, and
directed the Clerk of the Court to close this case. 

24 

On or about September 26, 2023, James G. Wolf, Individually and as
the Trustee of the Wolf Family Charitable Foundation, Barbaranne R. Wolf, Stephen Paul Wolf, and Preston M. Wolf initiated an appraisal
action against Enzo Biochem, Inc. in the New York Supreme Court for Suffolk County. Petitioners seek an appraisal of the value of their
shares in the Company. The amount of damages sought by the Petitioners is unspecified. The Company will defend itself vigorously in the
appraisal action. 

In our discontinued Clinical Labs operations, third-party payers, including
government programs, may decide to deny payment or recoup payments for testing that they contend was improperly billed or not medically
necessary, against their coverage determinations, or for which they believe they have otherwise overpaid (including as a result of their
own error), and we may be required to refund payments that we received. 

Former executives arbitration 

The Company terminated the employment of Elazar Rabbani, Ph.D., the
Company s former Chief Executive Officer, effective April 21, 2022. Dr. Rabbani remains a board director of the Company. Dr.
Rabbani is a party to an employment agreement with the Company that entitles him to certain termination benefits, including severance
pay, acceleration of vesting of share-based compensation, and continuation of benefits. Based on the terms of his employment agreement,
the Company estimated and accrued a charge of 2,600 in fiscal year 2022 which is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses.
The charge was partially offset by the reversal of bonus accruals. In May 2022, the Company paid Dr. Rabbani 2,123 in severance (the
payment constituted taxable income but the Company did not withhold taxes from the payment). In July 2022, the Company paid Dr. Rabbani s
income and other withholding taxes of 1,024 related to that payment on Dr. Rabbani s behalf, which was included in prepaid
expense and other current assets as of July 31, 2022, as the payment is reimbursable from Dr. Rabbani. Dr. Rabbani disputed, among
other things, the Company s decision to not award him a bonus for fiscal year 2021 and the amount of severance that was owed to
him under his employment agreement. On July 8, 2022, the Company filed a demand for arbitration with the American Arbitration Association
(the AAA seeking, among other things, a declaration that the Company has fully satisfied its contractual obligations to
Dr. Rabbani and seeking the tax withholding reimbursement referenced above. On August 4, 2022, Dr. Rabbani filed counterclaims in
the arbitration seeking, among other things, a bonus for fiscal year 2021 and additional severance that he asserts is owed to him. At
the parties joint request, the arbitration has been stayed while the parties work towards resolving the matter. 

On February 25, 2022, Barry Weiner, the Company s co-founder
and President, notified the Company that he was terminating his employment as President of the Company for Good Reason as
defined in his employment agreement. The Company accepted Mr. Weiner s termination, effective April 19, 2022, but disagreed with
Mr. Weiner s assertion regarding Good Reason. On October 24, 2023, the Company and Mr. Weiner reached an agreement
resolving the dispute. 

A provision has been made in the financial statements for these matters
based on a reasonable estimate; however, the actual exposure may differ. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

25 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The common stock of the Company is traded on the New York Stock Exchange
(Symbol: ENZ). 

As of October 27, 2023, the Company had approximately 720 stockholders
of record of its common stock. 

The Company has not paid a cash dividend on its common stock and intends
to continue a policy of retaining earnings to finance and build its operations. Accordingly, the Company does not anticipate the payment
of cash dividends to holders of common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Not applicable, reserved. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

See in this Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 Part
1. Item 1. Business , for Forward Looking Cautionary Statements. 

The Company s Enzo Life Sciences Products reporting unit, as
described below, is a global company affected by different US and global economic conditions which are included in Item 1A, Risk Factors.
Our company evolved out of our core competence: the use of nucleic acids as informational molecules and the use of compounds for immune
modulation. Costs excluded from this reporting unit and reported as Corporate and Other consist of corporate general and
administrative costs which are not allocable to the reportable segment. Below is a brief description of this operating segment (see Note
18 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Enzo Life Sciences Products manufactures, develops and
markets products and tools to life sciences, drug development and clinical research customers world-wide and has amassed a large patent
and technology portfolio. Enzo Life Sciences, Inc. is a recognized leader in labeling and detection technologies across research and diagnostic
markets. Our strong portfolio of proteins, antibodies, peptides, small molecules, labeling probes, dyes and kits provides life science
researchers tools for target identification/validation, high content analysis, gene expression analysis, nucleic acid detection, protein
biochemistry and detection, and cellular analysis. We are globally recognized and acknowledged as a leader in manufacturing, in-licensing,
and commercialization of over 20,000 products. Our strategic focus is directed to innovative high quality research reagents and kits in
the primary key research areas of genomics, immunohistochemistry, immunoassays, cellular analysis, and small molecule chemistry. The segment
is an established source for a comprehensive panel of products to scientific experts in the fields of cancer, cardiovascular disease,
neurological disorders, diabetes and obesity, endocrine disorders, infectious and autoimmune disease, hepatotoxicity and renal injury.
During the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Products segment generated revenues of 31.1 million and 32.6 million, respectively 

Discontinued operations Labcorp Asset Purchase Agreement 

Effective July 24, 2023, we completed the sale of certain assets used
in the operation of Enzo Clinical Labs and the assignment of certain clinical lab liabilities for an aggregate purchase price of 113.25
million in cash, subject to customary closing adjustments. In accordance with the sale, we ceased our clinical services operations.
As a consequence of the sale, for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 we have classified as discontinued operations all income and expenses attributable
to the clinical services business, the gain from the sale of the clinical services assets, and the income tax expense attributed to the
sale of the clinical services assets. Excluded from the sale of the clinical services assets were its cash and accounts receivable. 

26 

Discontinued Operations Carve Out and Expense Allocations 

For fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, results from operations
for our clinical services business are classified as discontinued operations. The carve out of the discontinued operations were prepared
in accordance with the SEC s carve out rules under ASC 205-20 Discontinued Operations and are derived from identifying and carving
out the specific assets, liabilities, operating expenses and interest expense associated with the clinical services business s operations.
Certain administrative and overhead expenses, including personnel expenses, which were incurred by us (for which the discontinued operation
benefited from such resources) are allocated out of the discontinued operations based upon the identification of those allocated expenses
and to the continuing operations. 

For fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, we allocated 2.1 million
and 1.2 million, respectively, of selling, general and administrative expenses from the discontinued operations to the continuing operations
in the accompanying results of operations tables and explanations. 

Ransomware a ttack 

In April 2023, the Company
experienced a ransomware attack that impacted certain critical information technology systems. In response, we promptly deployed containment
measures, including disconnecting our systems from the internet, launching an investigation with assistance from third-party cybersecurity
experts, and notifying law enforcement. We adhered to our disaster recovery plan, which enabled us to maintain operations throughout the
incident response process. The Company s facilities remained open, and we continued to provide services to patients and partners.
We later became aware that certain data, including names, test information, and Social Security numbers, was accessed, and in some instances,
exfiltrated from the Company s information technology systems as part of this incident. The investigation identified unauthorized
access to or acquisition of clinical test information of approximately 2,470,000 individuals. The Social Security numbers of approximately
600,000 of these individuals may also have been involved. Additionally, the Company has determined that some employees information
may have been involved. The Company has provided notice to the individuals whose information may have been involved, as well as to regulatory
authorities, in accordance with applicable law. The Company has incurred, and may continue to incur, related expenses. The Company s
cybersecurity insurance carrier has indicated that it will cover up to 3 million of the remediation costs related to this incident and
pay all service providers directly from the policy. As of July 31, 2023, the insurance carrier has assumed approximately 2.3 million
of the remediation costs. 

The Company remains subject to risks and uncertainties
as a result of the incident, including as a result of the data that was accessed or exfiltrated from the Company s network as noted
above. Additionally, security and privacy incidents have led to, and may continue to lead to, additional regulatory scrutiny and class
action litigation exposure. We are in the process of evaluating the full scope of the costs and related impacts of this incident. See
Note 17 of the consolidated financial statements for litigation in connection with this incident. 

Sale of 10 Convertible Debentures and Warrants 

The Company entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement on May 19, 2023 for 10 Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Debentures with an aggregate principal amount of 7,608,696
with a conversion price of 3.01 per share and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par
value 0.01 per share for an exercise price of 2.31 per share, for a total purchase price of 7,000,000. The Purchase Agreement contains
customary representations, warranties and covenants. We prepaid 4,000,000 of principal prior to July 31, 2023. See Note 9 for additional
information. 

27 

Results of Operations from Continuing Operations 

Fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 compared
to July 31, 2022 
(in 000s) 

Comparative Financial Data from Continuing Operations for the Fiscal
Years Ended July 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 Favorable (Unfavorable) 
 Change 

Revenues 
 31,061 
 32,643 
 (1,582 
 (5 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenues 
 17,866 
 19,213 
 1,347 
 7 
 
 Cost of revenues inventory provision 
 1,629 
 
 (1,629 

Research and development 
 3,904 
 2,438 
 (1,466 
 (60 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 27,202 
 23,084 
 (4,118 
 (18 
 
 Legal and related expenses 
 5,196 
 5,435 
 239 
 4 
 
 Legal settlement 
 
 (500 
 (500 

Total operating costs and expenses 
 55,797 
 49,670 
 (6,127 
 (12 

Operating loss 
 (24,736 
 (17,027 
 (7,709 
 (45 

Other income (expense): 

Interest 
 (1,122 
 178 
 (1,300 

Fair value adjustment 
 (824 
 
 (824 

Other 
 380 
 (1,268 
 1,648 

Foreign exchange gain (loss) 
 1,280 
 (2,222 
 3,502 

Loss before income taxes 
 (25,022 
 (20,339 
 (4,683 
 (23 

not
meaningful 

Consolidated Results: 

The 2023 period and the 2022 period refer
to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022, respectively. 

Product revenues were 31.1 million in the 2023 period and 32.6 million
in the 2022 period, a decrease of approximately 1.6 million or 5 . The 2022 period includes a 2.8 million bulk sale of a GMP reagent
to a large industrial customer in the US. Excluding the bulk sale, in the 2023 period there was an approximate 1.6 million increase in
revenues in the US market, partially offset by a 0.4 million decrease in revenues in the European and Asia Pacific markets. 

The cost of Product revenues was 17.9 million in the 2023 period and
 19.2 million in the 2022 period, a decrease of 1.3 million or 7 . The gross profit margin on Products was approximately 42 in the 2023
period and 41 in the 2022 period. During the 2022 period we made a large bulk sale of a GMP reagent which had a significantly positive
impact on that period s profit margin. Without the bulk sale, the gross margin would have been 38.1 in the 2022 period. The 2023
period gross profit was positively impacted by a more profitable mix of products sold. 

The cost of Product revenues inventory provision was 1.6 million
for finished goods of high throughput machines we intended to sell to laboratory customers which we fully reserved in the 2023 period.
This expense represents 5.2 of the period s products revenues. 

Research and development expenses were 3.9 million in the 2023 period
and 2.4 million in the 2022 period, an increase of 1.5 million or 60 , due to increased investment in R D resources and materials
consumed and patent related costs in the Products segment. 

28 

Selling, general and administrative expenses were 27.2 million during
the 2023 period versus 23.1 million during the 2022 period, an increase of 4.1 million or 18 . The Corporate and Other segment expense
increased 4.3 million during the 2023 period due to professional fees related to strategic initiatives, severance provisions related
to former officers, and greater share based compensation expense. The Products segment expense in the 2023 period decreased 0.2 million
compared to 2022. 

Legal and related expenses were 5.2 million during the 2023 period
and 5.4 million in the 2022 period. During the 2023 period, we required significant legal expertise and assistance associated with our
strategic initiatives, the Credit Facility, the ransomware attack, the convertible debentures, and matters related to two former senior
executives arbitration, which are ongoing. The 2023 period expense is net of a reimbursement of 0.8 million under the Company s
directors and officers insurance policy. During the 2022 period, we incurred legal expenses associated with strategic initiatives, and
corporate employment matters related to two former executives arbitration, which are ongoing. 

Legal settlement income was 0.5 million in the 2022 period. The Company
as plaintiff finalized and executed a settlement agreement with Roche. 

Interest (expense) income, net was 1.1) million in the 2023 period
and 0.2 million in the 2022 period, an unfavorable variance of 1.3 million. The 2023 period s interest expense, including set
up fees and penalties, was incurred on the 10 convertible debentures issued in May 2023, and on the Credit Facility and the mortgage,
both of which were paid off at the APA closing. Some interest income was earned on available cash in a money market fund and will continue
to be earned on the net proceeds from the APA, which are on deposit in a money market fund. In the 2022 period, we earned interest on
marketable securities in bond funds and incurred interest expense primarily on the mortgage. 

We recorded a fair value adjustment charge of approximately 0.8 million
for the 10 convertible debentures based on their fair value as of July 31, 2023. 

Other income (expense) in the 2023 period was 0.4 million versus 1.2)
million in the 2022 period, a favorable variance of approximately 1.6 million. During the 2023 period we sublet a portion of our office
space. During the 2022 period, the primary component of the expense was realized losses on marketable securities in bond funds liquidated
in full by the end of that period. 

The foreign exchange gain (loss) recognized by the Products segment
during the 2023 period was 1.3 million compared to 2.2) million in the 2022 period, a favorable variance of 3.5 million. The 2023
period revaluation gain was due to the significant appreciation of the British pound and Swiss franc versus the U.S. dollar as of the
end of the 2023 period compared to its start. The revaluation loss in the 2022 period was due to the depreciation of the British pound
and Swiss franc versus the U.S. dollar as of the end of that period compared to its start as a result of actions by the US Federal Reserve
to begin raising interest rates. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our aggregate cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash as of July
31, 2023 and 2022 was 83.4 million and 22.6 million, respectively. Our working capital was 58.5 million and 29.8 million as of July
31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase of 60.8 million in our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash balance for the year
ended July 31, 2023 was principally due to the completed sale of certain assets used in the operation of Enzo Clinical Labs to Labcorp
in July 2023, partially offset by cash used in operations and the repayment of debt. 

Net cash used in operating activities during the 2023 period was 37.0
million, compared to 16.6 million during the 2022 period, an unfavorable variance of 20.4 million. The net cash used in the 2023 period
was due to the year over year increase in net income of 38.5 million offset by the gain on the Labcorp APA of 82.6 million, a decrease
in non-cash expense adjustments of 1.7 million, and a cash positive net change in operating assets and operating liabilities year over
year amounting to 25.4 million. 

29 

Net cash provided by investing activities during the 2023 period was
approximately 99.0 million as compared to 25.2 million in the 2022 period. In the 2023 period, we received net cash proceeds of 101.7
million from the Labcorp APA. In the 2022 period, we sold our investments in bond funds for proceeds of 28.7 million. Capital expenditures
in the 2023 and 2022 periods amounted to 2.8 million and 3.5 million, respectively. 

Cash used in financing activities in the 2023 period amounted to 1.1
million, net. In the 2023 period, we borrowed and repaid 16.8 million under the Revolving Credit facility, issued 10 convertible debentures
due in May 2024 and warrants for 7.0 million in cash and repaid 4.0 million of that, and made principal payments and repaid the full
balance of a mortgage totaling 4.1 million. See below for further details regarding the revolving loan, mortgage and convertible debentures.
We issued common stock through the ATM Sales Agreement resulting in proceeds of approximately 0.4 million. In the 2022 period we used
approximated 0.2 million for payments related to a mortgage and finance leases. 

In March 2023, the Company entered into a Revolving Loan and Security
Agreement with Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL as lender specializing in direct lending to middle-market companies
in the healthcare sector. The credit facility provided for a maximum 8 million revolving line of credit based on the Company s
eligible accounts receivable. The annual interest rate was equal to the 90 day term SOFR rate plus 5.5 . The line of credit would terminate
one year from closing and unused line fees and early prepayment penalties would apply. We repaid this loan in July 2023 using proceeds
from the Labcorp transaction and paid a 240 prepayment penalty. 

In connection with the purchase of a building in Farmingdale, NY in
November 2018, a wholly-owned subsidiary (the mortgagor subsidiary of the Company entered into a Fee Mortgage and Security
Agreement (the mortgage agreement with Citibank, N.A. (the mortgagee ). The mortgage agreement provided for
a loan of 4,500 for a term of 10 years, bore a fixed interest rate of 5.09 per annum and required monthly mortgage payments of principal
and interest of 30. The Company s obligations under the mortgage agreement were secured by the building and by a 1,000 cash collateral
deposit with the mortgagee as additional security. In July 2023, we repaid in full the mortgage balance of 3,834 without prepayment penalty.
The cash collateral deposit was released in August 2023 and the 1,000 collateral deposit is included in prepaid and other assets as of
July 31, 2023. At July 31, 2022, the balance owed by the subsidiary under the mortgage agreement was 3,980. The restricted cash of 1,000
was included in other assets as of July 31, 2022. 

On May 19, 2023, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with each of the purchasers that are parties thereto (each, including
its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers and JGB Collateral, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, as collateral agent for the Purchasers (the Agent ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company
agreed to sell to the Purchasers (i) 10 Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Debentures (the Debentures with an
aggregate principal amount of 7,608 and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value
 0.01 per share (the Common Stock ), for an exercise price of 2.31 per share, the average of the three (3) daily volume
weighted average prices of the Common Stock as defined in the Purchase Agreement VWAP prior to the closing date (the Warrants ),
subject to adjustments as set forth in the Warrants, for a total purchase price of 7,000. The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties and covenants. The transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement were consummated on May 19, 2023. Pursuant to ASC 825,
 Fair Value Options , the Company made an irrevocable election at the time of issuance to report the Debentures at fair value with
changes in fair value recorded through the Company s consolidated statements of operations as other income (expense) in each reporting
period. The Debentures bear interest at a rate of 10 per annum (which interest rate is increased to 18 per annum five days after the
occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default (as defined in the Debentures)), have a maturity date of May 20, 2024 and are convertible,
at any time after their issuance date at the option of the Purchasers, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to 3.01
per share (the Conversion Price ), subject to adjustment as set forth in the Debentures. Following the consummation of the
Company s sale of certain assets and assignment of certain liabilities of Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc., to Labcorp pursuant to the Asset
Purchase Agreement, dated March 16, 2023 (the Asset Sale ), the Company shall either, at the option of the Company upon written
notice delivered to the Purchasers within three (3) trading days after the consummation of the Asset Sale, (i) prepay 4,000 of the outstanding
principal amount of the Debentures (to be applied pro rata among the outstanding Debentures based on the relative outstanding principal
balance of each Debenture) or (ii) deposit 4,000 in cash, as collateral for the Company s obligations, into a deposit account subject
to a deposit account control agreement, among the Company, the depository bank and the Agent and otherwise acceptable to Agent (in its
sole absolute discretion) in form and substance. The Company prepaid 4,000 of the outstanding principal amount prior to July 31, 2023. 

30 

Labcorp Asset Purchase Agreement 

We have indemnification obligations to Labcorp Corporation of America
Holdings Labcorp under the Asset Purchase Agreement that may require us to make future payments to Labcorp and other related
persons for any damages incurred by Labcorp or such related persons as a result of any breaches of our representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements contained in the Asset Purchase Agreement, or arising from the Retained Liabilities (as such term is defined in the Asset
Purchase Agreement) or certain third-party claims specified in the Asset Purchase Agreement. Generally, our representations and warranties
survive for a period of 15 months from the closing date, which was July 24, 2023, other than certain fundamental representations which
survive until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. There is a limited indemnification cap with respect to a majority
of the Company s indemnification obligations under the Asset Purchase Agreement with the exception of claims for actual fraud, the
breach of any fundamental representations and certain other items, which have a larger indemnification cap (e.g., the purchase price).
Pursuant to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, we, Labcorp, and an escrow agent entered into an Escrow Agreement at closing, pursuant
to which Labcorp deposited 5 million of the aggregate purchase price of the clinical service business into an escrow account established
with the Escrow Agent in order to satisfy, in whole or in part, certain of our indemnity obligations under the Asset Purchase Agreement.
If, on the 15th month anniversary of the closing date, there are funds remaining in the escrow account, the Escrow Agent will release
any funds remaining in the escrow account to us minus any amounts being reserved for escrow claims asserted by Labcorp prior to such date.
Upon the resolution of any pending escrow claims, the Escrow Agent will, within two business days of receipt of joint instructions or
a final order from a court (as described in the Escrow Agreement) disburse such reserved amount to the parties entitled to such funds.
Through the date of this filing, no disbursements have been made out of the escrow funds. 

General 

The Company is a defendant in a number of legal matters, including
class action lawsuits related to the ransomware attack of its information technology systems in April 2023. We face a significant risk
due to ongoing litigation that has the potential to result in future financial obligations, adversely impacting the company s business
and profitability. 

Management is not aware of any other trends, events or uncertainties
that have or are reasonably likely to have a material negative impact upon our(i) short-term or long-term liquidity, or (ii) net sales
or income from continuing operations. Our business is subject to seasonal variations thereby impacting our liquidity and working capital
during the course of our fiscal year. To the extent that we do not generate sufficient cash from operations, our cash balances will decline.
We may also use our cash to explore and/or acquire new product technologies, applications, product line extensions, or other new business
opportunities. In the event that our available cash is insufficient to support such initiatives, we may need to incur indebtedness or
issue Common Stock to finance plans for growth. Volatility in the credit markets and the liquidity of major financial institutions may
have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our business strategy through borrowings, under either existing or newly created instruments
in the public or private markets on terms that we believe to be reasonable, if at all. 

Effect of New Accounting Pronouncements 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2020-06 Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 470-20). The amendments in the ASU simplify the settlement assessment by removing requirements to (1) to consider
whether the contract would be settled in registered shares, (2) to consider whether collateral is required to be posted, and (3) to assess
shareholder rights. The amendments require instruments that are required to be classified as an asset or liability to measured subsequently
at fair value, with changed reported in earnings and disclosed in the financial statements. The amendments improve the consistency of
EPS calculations by amending the guidance to align the diluted EPS calculation for convertible instruments by requiring that an entity
use the if-converted method rather than the treasury stock method. The amendments also require that the effect of potential share settlement
be included in the diluted EPS calculation when an instrument may be settled in cash or shares. Until the issuance of the Debentures,
the Company had no instruments affected by ASU 2020-06. We adopted the amendments in this ASU effective with the issuance of the Debentures
in the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2023, which did not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

31 

Pronouncements Issued but Not Yet Adopted 

In June 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13 Financial Instruments 
Credit Losses (Topic 326). This standard changes the impairment model for most financial instruments, including trade receivables, from
an incurred loss method to a new forward-looking approach, based on expected losses. The estimate of expected credit losses will require
entities to incorporate considerations of historical information, current information and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Adoption
of this standard is required for our annual and interim periods beginning August 1, 2023 and must be adopted using a modified retrospective
transition approach. We do not expect the impact of the adoption of this standard on our results of operations, financial position and
cash flows to be material. 

We reviewed all other recently issued accounting pronouncements and
have concluded they are not applicable or not expected to be significant to the accounting for our operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

General 

The Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition
and results of operations are based upon Enzo Biochem, Inc. s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires the Company
to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. These estimates and judgments
also affect related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. 

On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related
to contractual expense, allowance for uncollectible accounts, inventory, and income taxes. The Company bases its estimates on experience
and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Contingencies 

Contingencies are evaluated and a liability is recorded when the matter
is both probable and reasonably estimable. Gain contingencies are evaluated and not recognized until the gain is realizable or realized. 

Product revenues 

Products revenues consist of the sale of single-use products used in
the identification of genomic information and are recognized at a point in time following the transfer of control of such products to
the customer, which generally occurs upon shipment. Payment terms for shipments to end-user and distributor customers may range from 30
to 90 days. Any claims for credit or return of goods may be made generally within 30 days of receipt. Revenues are reduced to reflect
estimated credits and returns, although historically these adjustments have not been material. Taxes collected from customers relating
to product sales and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from revenue. Amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling
are included in revenue, while the related shipping and handling costs are reflected in cost of products. 

32 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable are reported at realizable value, net of allowances
for doubtful accounts, which is estimated and recorded in the period of the related revenue. 

As of July 31, 2023 and 2022, Products accounts receivable, net were
 4,808 and 4,762, respectively. As of July 31, 2023 and 2022, these totals include foreign receivables, net of 1,277 and 1,142, respectively.
As of July 31, 2021, Products accounts receivable, net were 4,182, and include foreign receivables, net of approximately 1,400. 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes under the liability method of
accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax
bases. The liability method requires that any tax benefits recognized for net operating loss carry forwards and other items be reduced
by a valuation allowance where it is not more likely than not the benefits will be realized in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled. Under the liability method, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. It is the Company s policy to provide for uncertain
tax positions, if any, and the related interest and penalties based upon management s assessment of whether a tax benefit is more
likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. To the extent the Company prevails in matters for which a liability
for an unrecognized tax benefit is established or is required to pay amounts in excess of the liability, the Company s effective
tax rate in a given financial statement period may be affected. 

Inventory 

The Company values inventory at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out)
or net realizable value. Work-in-process and finished goods inventories consist of material, labor, and manufacturing overhead. Write
downs of inventories to net realizable value are based on a review of inventory quantities on hand and estimated sales forecasts based
on sales history and anticipated future demand. Unanticipated changes in demand could have a significant impact on the value of our inventory
and require additional write downs of inventory which would impact our results of operations. 

Long-Lived Assets 

The Company reviews the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived
depreciable assets of an asset or asset group for impairment if indicators of potential impairment exist. Should indicators of impairment
exist, the carrying values of the depreciable assets are evaluated in relation to the operating performance and future undiscounted cash
flows of an asset or asset group. The net book value of the depreciable long lived asset is adjusted to fair value if its expected future
undiscounted cash flow is less than its book value. 

During fiscal years 2023 and 2022 there was no impairment of depreciable
long-lived assets used in continuing operations. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022, all intangible assets, which were finite
lived, became fully amortized. 

Item 7A. 

Not applicable. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The response to this item is submitted in a separate section of this
report. See Item 15(a) (1) and (2). 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

33 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

1. Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (Disclosure Controls)
within the meaning of Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Our Disclosure
Controls are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act,
such as this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Our Disclosure Controls are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our Disclosure Controls, management recognized that any controls
and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives,
and management necessarily applied its judgment in evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. 

As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our Disclosure Controls, which was done under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Based on the evaluation of
our Disclosure Controls, as a result of the material weakness identified below, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer have concluded that, as of July 31, 2023, our Disclosure Controls were not effective to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

2. Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the year ended July 31, 2023, other than the discussion below, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

3. Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal
financial officers and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect of our consolidated financial statements. 

There are inherent limitations on the effectiveness of any system of
internal controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. Accordingly, even effective
internal controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

34 

As previously disclosed on Form 8-K s dated April 13, 2023, and
May 30, 2023, the Company experienced a ransomware attack that impacted certain critical information technology systems. In response,
the Company promptly deployed containment measures, including disconnecting its systems from the internet, launching an investigation
with assistance from third-party cybersecurity experts, and notifying law enforcement. The Company adhered to its disaster recovery plan,
which enabled it to substantially maintain operations throughout the incident response process. 

As a result of the ransomware attack and the subsequent investigation,
the Company determined a material weakness existed that impaired the Company s ability to assure that standard systems and accounting
processes could operate effectively. As a result, a reasonable possibility exists that a material misstatement of the Company s
annual or interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected and corrected in a timely manner. The following is a description
of the material weakness identified: 

Control Environment, Risk
Assessment, Information and Communication, and Control Activities 

We did not maintain effective
internal control related to our control environment, risk assessment, information and communication, and control activities: 

In
April 2023, we became aware that we were exposed to a ransomware attack in our Information Technology environment which interrupted systems
and affected operations. The effect of these circumstances significantly impacted the following: 

o our
ability to access and reinstate our financial systems for an extended period to a new normal state of operation; 

o the
need to rebuild our financial information from backups as a result of the ransomware incident; 

o additional
workload associated with process workflows that were previously automated but were manually performed as a result of the ransomware attack. 

We
were required to supplement resources and as a result, did not adequately perform in a timely manner the following: 

o assessment,
redesign and timely evaluation of performance of controls over financial reporting risks as a result of existing IT circumstances; and 

o generate
real time information across the organization to allow the finance department to perform timely application of controls; and 

o Internal
controls over financial reporting related to the recording and processing of revenue transactions could not be completed timely using
standard methods due to the limitations of access to data. 

Management began remediation measures during and after the April 30,
2023 period end which were substantially implemented by July 31, 2023. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, evaluation
of certain controls effectiveness could not be performed according to the typical frequency or sufficient evidence of control performance
was not available for testing due to the cyber incident. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of July 31, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment,
management has concluded that, as of July 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective because the fourth
quarter included timeframes during which specific data was not available for testing. 

4. Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 

Not applicable. 

35 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections 

None 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required under this item will be set forth in the Company s
proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 28, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required under this item will be set forth in the Company s
proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 28, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required under this item will be set forth in the Company s
proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 28, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

The information required under this item will be set forth in the Company s
proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 28, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required under this item will be set forth in the Company s
proxy statement expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 28, 2023 and is incorporated herein
by reference. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 (1) 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - July 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity - Years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedule 

Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 S-1 

All other schedules have been omitted because the required information
is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto or because they are not required. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

36 

The following documents are filed as Exhibits to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3(a) 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation (1) 

3(b) 
 
 Amended and
 restated Bylaws (16) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Capital Stock 

10 (a) 
 
 Lease agreement with Pari Management (2) 

10 (b) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Elazar Rabbani (3) 

10 (c) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Barry Weiner (3) 

10 (d) 
 
 Amendment of Lease with Pari Management (4) 

10 (e) 
 
 Settlement Release Agreement between the Company and Roche Diagnostics GmbH and Roche Molecular Systems Inc. (5) 

10 (f) 
 
 Settlement Release Agreement between the Company and Hologic, Inc., Grifolds, S.A. and Grifolds Diagnostic Solutions Inc. (6) 

10 (g) 
 
 Fee and Leasehold Mortgage and Security Agreement from the Town of Babylon Industrial Development Agency and Enzo Realty II, LLC, to Citibank, N.A. (7) 

10 (h) 
 
 Amended and Restated 2011 Incentive Plan (8) 

10 (i) 
 
 Employment agreement for Hamid Erfanian, CEO (9) 

10 (j) 
 
 Cooperation agreement by and among Enzo Biochem, Inc. and the Radoff Parties (10) 

10 (k) 
 
 First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Enzo Biochem,
 Inc. and Kara Cannon, effective as of October 20, 2022 (11) 

10 (l) 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Enzo Biochem, Inc. and Hamid Erfanian, effective as of October 20, 2022 (11) 

10 (m) 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2023, by and among Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings, Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc. and Enzo Biochem, Inc. (12) 

10 (n) 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, by and among Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc., Enzo Life Sciences, Inc., Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL, Enzo Biochem, Inc. and certain other parties thereto. (13) 

10 (o) 
 
 Form of Debenture (14) 

10 (p) 
 
 Form of Warrant (14) 

10 (q) 
 
 S ecurities
 Purchase Agreement, dated May 19, 2023, by and among Enzo Biochem, Inc., the purchasers named therein, and JGB Collateral, LLC. (14) 

37 

10 (r) 
 
 R egistration Rights
 Agreement, dated May 19, 2023, by and among Enzo Biochem, Inc. and the purchasers named therein. (14) 

10 (s) 
 
 S ecurity
 Agreement, dated May 19, 2023, by and among Enzo Biochem, Inc., each of Enzo Biochem, Inc. s specified subsidiaries named therein,
 the purchasers named therein and JGB Collateral, LLC. (14) 

10 (t) 
 
 Form of Subsidiary Guarantee (14) 

10 (u) 
 
 A mendment
 No. 1 to Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2023, by and among Enzo Biochem, Inc., Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc., and Laboratory
 Corporation of America Holdings. (15) 

10 (v) 
 
 Sublease
 agreement between Enzo Biochem, Inc. and Siemens Corporation (17) 

10 (w) 
 
 Amendment Agreement by and among JGB Capital, LP, JGB
 (Cayman) Sussex Ltd., Enzo Biochem, Inc. and JGB Collateral LLC 

10 (x) 
 
 Separation Agreement and General Release between Hamid Erfanian and
Enzo Biochem, Inc. 

10 (y) 
 
 Settlement Agreement between Barry Weiner, Shahla Weiner, Roya Weiner,
and Jonathan Weiner and Enzo Biochem, Inc., Mary Tagliaferri, Ian Walters, Brad Radoff, and Hamid Erfanian 

14 (a) 
 
 Code of Ethics (11) 

21 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the Company 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm 

31 (a) 
 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31
 (b) 
 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 (a) 
 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant to Section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 (b) 
 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant to Section 906 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

97.1 
 
 Clawback Policy 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Notes to exhibits 

Filed herewith 

XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is being furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

(1) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on April 27, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference 

38 

(2) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2005 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(3) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 10, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(4) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2015 and is incorporated herein by reference 

(5) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on February 11, 2019 and is incorporated herein by reference 

(6) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on April 22, 2019 and is incorporated herein by reference 

(7) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 21, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference 

(8) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021 

(9) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on October 18, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference 

(10) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 4, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference 

(11) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2003 and is incorporated herein by reference 

(12) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 16, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference 

(13) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on April 5, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference 

(14) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on May 22, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference 

(15) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on July 10, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference 

(16) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on October 30, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference 

(17) 
 This exhibit was filed with
 the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by
 reference 

39 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

Date: November 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Kara Cannon 

Kara Cannon 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 /s/ Kara Cannon 
 
 November 3, 2023 

Kara Cannon 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Patricia Eckert 
 
 November 3, 2023 

Patricia Eckert, 

Interim Chief Financial Officer, 

Principal Accounting Officer 

Elazar Rabbani, Ph.D., Director 

By: 
 /s/ Bradley L. Radoff 
 
 November 3, 2023 

Bradley Radoff, Director 

By: 
 /s/ Mary Tagliaferri 
 
 November 3, 2023 

Mary Tagliaferri, M.D., Director 

By: 
 /s/ Ian B. Walters 
 
 November 3, 2023 

Ian B. Walters, M.D., Director 

Steven J. Pully, Chair of the Board 

40 

FORM 10-K, ITEM 15(a) (1) and (2) 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

LIST OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 

FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 

The following consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule of Enzo Biochem, Inc. are included in Item 15(a): 

List of Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statements Schedule F-1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets - July 31, 2023 and 2022 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity - Years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts As of and for the Years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 S-1 

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting
regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore
have been omitted. 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Enzo Biochem, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Enzo
Biochem, Inc. (the Company as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive
income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes and the financial statement
schedule identified in Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, and the consolidated
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on
the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Contingencies 

As discussed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company is subject to legal claims, lawsuits, and regulatory inquiries. The amounts to settle any liabilities that might arise from the
claims and lawsuits could result in adverse consequences to the Company. Contingencies are evaluated and a liability is recorded when
the matter is both probable and reasonably estimable. Where the reasonable estimate of the probable loss is a range, management records
the most likely estimate of the loss, or the low end of the range if there is no one best estimate. Management either discloses the amount
of a possible loss or range of loss in excess of established accruals if estimable and appropriate, or states that such an estimate cannot
be made. Management discloses significant legal proceedings even where liability is not probable or the amount of the liability is not
estimable, or both, if management believes there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss may be incurred. 

We identified the assessment of loss contingencies relating to pending
legal claims, lawsuits, and regulatory inquiries as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments required by management in
assessing the likelihood of a loss being incurred and in estimating the loss or range of loss for each matter. As such, there is a high
degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity, and significant audit effort was required in performing procedures to evaluate management s
assessment of contingencies. 

Addressing the critical audit matter involved
performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These
procedures included, among others, (i) obtaining an understanding of and evaluating the design of controls related to the assessment and
valuation of loss contingencies related to pending legal claims, lawsuits, and regulatory inquiries; (ii) obtaining and evaluating the
letters of audit inquiry with internal and external legal counsel; (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of management s assessment
regarding whether an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible or probable and reasonably estimable; and (iv) evaluating the sufficiency
of the Company s disclosures related to legal proceedings. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2013. 

November 3, 2023 

F- 2 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

July 31, 2023 
 July 31, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets, including restricted cash 

Current assets of discontinued operations, net 

Total current assets 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Other assets, including escrow at July 31, 2023 

Non-current assets
 of discontinued operations, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable trade 

Accrued liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Convertible debentures 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations, net 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Long term debt, net 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies see Notes 16 and 17 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred Stock, par value; authorized shares; no shares issued or outstanding 

Common Stock, par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding: at July 31, 2023 and at July 31, 2022 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Years ended July 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenues 

Operating costs, expenses and legal settlements, net: 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenue inventory provision 

Research and development 

Selling, general, and administrative 

Legal and related expenses 

Legal settlements 

Total costs, expenses and legal settlements, net 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest, net 

Change in fair value of convertible debentures 

Other 

Foreign exchange gain (loss) 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Net (loss) income from discontinued operations 

Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) per common share basic and diluted: 

Continuing operations

Discontinued operations

Total net income (loss) per basic and diluted common share

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(LOSS) 

(in thousands) 

Years ended July 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 

(in thousands, except share data) 

Common Stock Shares Issued 
 Common Stock Amount 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Total Stockholders Equity 
 
 Balance at July 31, 2021 

Net loss for the year ended July 31, 2022 

Exercise of stock options 

Share-based compensation charges 

Issuance of common stock for employee 401(k) plan match 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Balance at July 31, 2022 

Net income for the year ended July 31, 2023 

Vesting of restricted stock 

Vesting of performance stock 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock (net of expenses of 

Share-based compensation charges 

Issuance of common stock for employee 401(k) plan match 

Issuance of warrants 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Balance at July 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands) 

Year ended July 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used
 in operating activities: 

Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax 

Change in fair value of convertible debentures 

Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Share-based compensation charges 

Share-based 401(k) employer match expense 

Foreign exchange (gain) loss 

Realized and unrealized loss on marketable securities 

Provision for inventories 

Impairments of other assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable trade 

Accrued liabilities, other current liabilities and other liabilities 

Total adjustments 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Net proceeds from sale of discontinued operations 

Capital expenditures 

Sales of marketable securities 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock through ATM 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible debentures and warrants 

Repayments of convertible debentures 

Cost of issuance of convertible debentures and warrants 

Proceeds from borrowings under revolving credit agreement 

Repayments under revolving credit agreement 

Repayments under mortgage agreement and capital leases 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash - beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash - end of year 

Composition of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash is as follows: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

million in cash, subject to customary closing adjustments. In accordance with the sale, we ceased our clinical
services operations. As a consequence of the sale, for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 we have classified as discontinued operations all income
and expenses attributable to the clinical services business, the gain from the sale of the clinical services assets, and the income tax
expense attributed to the sale of the clinical services assets. Excluded from the sale of the clinical services assets were its cash and
accounts receivable. 

Closing and transaction costs 

Consideration from sale of the Clinical Labs business net 

Net book value of assets sold or abandoned 

Gain on sale of the Clinical Labs business before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Gain on the sale of the Clinical Labs business after income taxes 

Proceeds due on sale of assets, cash held in escrow 

Net cash proceeds from sale 

We incurred in closing and transaction costs associated with
the sale of the Clinical Labs business which were comprised of (i) transaction fees and related closing costs of and (ii) performance
bonuses to certain employees associated with the sale of the business of . The compensation committee of our board of directors
approved these compensation arrangements. 

F- 8 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

Cost of revenues 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Legal and related expenses 

Other (expense) income 

(Loss) income from operations 

Gain on sale of business before taxes 

Income tax expense on gain 

Income from discontinued operations 

Inventories 

Prepaid and other current 

Total current assets 

Carrying amounts of major current liabilities included as part of discontinued operations: 

Trade payables and accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities and other 

Total current liabilities 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations, net 

Current assets of discontinued operations, net 

Carrying amount of major non-current assets included as part of discontinued operations: 

Right of use assets 

Property, plant and equipment 

Goodwill and other 

Total non- current assets 

Carrying amount of major non-current liabilities included as part of discontinued operations: 

Operating lease liabilities and other 

Non-current assets of discontinued operations, net 

F- 9 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

and the cash provided by investing activities was . During the fiscal year
ended July 31, 2022, the cash used in operating activities and investing activities of the discontinued operations was and ,
respectively. 

and , respectively. 

F- 10 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

and , respectively. 

, which is included in Other income (expense). 

F- 11 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

and , respectively. As of July 31, 2023 and 2022, these totals include foreign receivables, net of and ,
respectively. As of July 31, 2021, Products accounts receivable, net were which includes of foreign receivables, net. 

million were fully
reserved in 2023 and reflected in a separate line item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as Cost of revenues-inventory provision.
Write downs of inventories to net realizable value are based on a review of inventory quantities on hand and estimated sales forecasts
based on sales history and anticipated future demand. Unanticipated changes in demand could have a significant impact on the value of
our inventory and require additional write downs of inventory which would impact our results of operations. 

- 
years; laboratory machinery and equipment, office furniture and computer equipment: - years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over
the term of the related leases or estimated useful lives of the assets, whichever is shorter. 

and for the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. 

F- 12 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

and respectively, of outstanding out of the money options to purchase common shares were excluded from
the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding because their effect would be anti-dilutive. For the years ended July 31,
2023 and 2022, the effect of approximately and respectively, of outstanding restricted stock units and performance stock
units were excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding because their effect would be anti-dilutive. During
the year ended July 31, 2023, the effect of approximately warrants were excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted average
shares outstanding because their effect would be anti-dilutive. During the year ended July 31, 2023, the effect of approximately 
shares related to the assumed conversion of the debentures were excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding
because their effect would be anti-dilutive. 

F- 13 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

Net income from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic 

Net income (loss) per common share basic and diluted: 

Continuing operations

Discontinued operations

Total net income (loss) per basic and diluted common share

and ,
respectively (see Note 14). No excess tax benefits were recognized for the year ended July 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Selling, general and administrative 

F- 14 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

. 

F- 15 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

Europe 

Asia Pacific 

Products revenue 

and , respectively. 

For the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the net reductions in the
measurement of right of use assets and liabilities included in cash flows from operating activities was approximately and , respectively.
The changes are included in changes in accrued liabilities, other current liabilities, and other liabilities in the statements of cash
flows. 

In connection with the completed sale of certain assets used in the
operation of Enzo Clinical Labs, of proceeds were included in other assets as escrow as of July 31, 2023. 

For the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, tax on capital paid by
the Company was and respectively. There was no cash paid for income taxes by the Company for the years ended July 31, 2023 and
2022. 

During the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company issued common
stock in connection with its share-based 401(k) employer match in the amount of and , respectively. 

Work in process 

Finished products 

Machinery and equipment 

Office furniture and computer equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Land and land improvements 

F- 16 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

and , respectively. 

Provision for uncollectible accounts receivable 

State and local tax carry forward losses 

Stock compensation 

Depreciation 

Research and development and other tax credit carryforwards 

Lease liabilities 

Foreign tax carryforward losses 

Intangibles and goodwill 

Inventory 

Accrued expenses 

Other, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Right of use assets 

Prepaid expenses 

Other, net 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

The Company recorded a valuation allowance during the years ended July
31, 2023 and 2022 equal to domestic and foreign net deferred tax assets. The Company believes that the valuation allowance is necessary
as it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized in the foreseeable future based on positive and negative
evidence available at this time. This conclusion was reached because of uncertainties relating to future taxable income, in terms of both
its timing and its sufficiency, which would enable the Company to realize the deferred tax assets. For fiscal years 2023 and 2022, the
change in the valuation allowance was and , respectively. 

As of July 31, 2023, 

F- 17 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

As of July 31, 2023, the Company had foreign loss carryforwards of approximately
 which with few exceptions do not expire. 

International operations 

(Loss) income before taxes 

Compensation and other expenses not deductible for income tax return purposes 

Change in valuation allowance, net 

Because there are no undistributed earnings at the Company s
foreign subsidiaries at July 31, 2023, no U.S. federal income taxes have been provided. As of July 31, 2023, the Company has no liabilities
for uncertain tax positions. It is the Company s policy to record interest and penalties as a component of tax expense. The Company
files income tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction, various U.S. state jurisdictions and several foreign jurisdictions. With few
exceptions, the fiscal years that remain subject to examination are July 31, 2020 through July 31, 2023. 

Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Debentures (the Debentures with an
aggregate principal amount of and (ii) warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock, par value
 per share (the Common Stock ), for an exercise price of per share, the average of the three (3) daily volume
weighted average prices of the Common Stock as defined in the Purchase Agreement VWAP prior to the closing date (the Warrants ),
subject to adjustments as set forth in the Warrants, for a total purchase price of . The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties and covenants. The transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement were consummated on May 19, 2023. Pursuant to ASC 825,
 Fair Value Option , the Company made an irrevocable election at the time of issuance to report the Debentures at fair value with
changes in fair value recorded through the Company s consolidated statements of operations as other income (expense) in each reporting
period. 

F- 18 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

per annum (which interest rate is increased to per annum five days after the occurrence and
continuance of an Event of Default (as defined in the Debentures)), have a maturity date of May 20, 2024 and are convertible, at any
time after their issuance date at the option of the Purchasers, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to per
share (the Conversion Price ), subject to adjustment as set forth in the Debentures. Following the consummation of the
Company s sale of certain assets and assignment of certain liabilities of Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc., to Labcorp pursuant to the
Asset Purchase Agreement, dated March 16, 2023 (the Asset Sale ), the Company shall either, at the option of the
Company upon written notice delivered to the Purchasers within three (3) trading days after the consummation of the Asset Sale, (i)
prepay of the outstanding principal amount of the Debentures (to be applied pro rata among the outstanding Debentures based
on the relative outstanding principal balance of each Debenture) or (ii) deposit in cash, as collateral for the
Company s obligations, into a deposit account subject to a deposit account control agreement, among the Company, the
depository bank and the Agent and otherwise acceptable to Agent (in its sole absolute discretion) in form and substance. The Company
prepaid of the outstanding principal amount prior to July 31, 2023. 

The Company s obligations under the
Debentures could have been accelerated, at the Purchasers election, upon the occurrence of certain customary events of default.
As of July 31, 2023, there were no events of default. The Debentures contain customary representations, warranties and covenants including
among other things and subject to certain exceptions, covenants that restrict the Company from incurring additional indebtedness, creating
or permitting liens on assets, amending its charter documents and bylaws, repurchasing or otherwise acquiring more than a de minimis number
of its Common Stock or equivalents thereof, repaying outstanding indebtedness, paying dividends or distributions, assigning or selling
certain assets, making or holding any investments, and entering into transactions with affiliates. 

Allocation of warrants to additional paid in capital based on relative fair value 

Repayment 

Change in fair value of convertible debentures 

Fair value, July 31, 2023 

Security Agreement
and Subsidiary Guarantees 

In connection with the Purchase Agreement,
on May 19, 2023, the Company, certain of the Company s domestic subsidiaries Guarantors ), the Purchasers and the
Agent entered into a Security Agreement (the Security Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company and the Guarantors granted,
for the benefit of the Purchasers, to secure the Company s obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Debentures. 

Warrants 

The Warrants are exercisable for 
from May 19, 2023, at an exercise price of per share, which is the average of three (3) daily VWAPs prior to the closing date, subject,
with certain exceptions, to adjustments in the event of stock splits, dividends, subsequent dilutive offerings and certain fundamental
transactions, as more fully described in the Warrant. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

In connection with the Purchase Agreement,
on May 19, 2023, the Company and the Purchasers entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which the Company is obligated
to register the shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Debentures and the Warrants. The Company has registered the
shares. 

F- 19 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

revolving line of credit based on the Company s eligible
accounts receivable. The annual interest rate was equal to the 90 day term SOFR rate plus . The line of credit would terminate one
year from closing and unused line fees and early prepayment penalties would apply. We repaid this loan in July 2023 using proceeds from
the Labcorp transaction and paid a prepayment penalty recorded to Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

for a term of , bore a fixed interest rate of per annum and required monthly mortgage payments of principal
and interest of . The Company s obligations under the mortgage agreement were secured by the building and by a cash collateral
deposit with the mortgagee as additional security. In July 2023, we repaid in full the mortgage balance of without prepayment penalty.
The cash collateral deposit was released in August 2023 and the collateral deposit is included in prepaid and other assets as of
July 31, 2023. 

At July 31, 2022, the balance owed by the subsidiary under the mortgage
agreement was . The restricted cash of was included in other assets as of July 31, 2022. 

In April 2020, our subsidiary in Switzerland received a loan of CHF
 (or , based on the foreign exchange rate as of July 31, 2020) from the Swiss government under the Corona Krise emergency
loan program in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. This loan is uncollateralized and bears interest. In January 2022, the bank agent
of the Swiss government informed our subsidiary that the loan had to be fully amortized within a maximum of eight years and that the first
of semiannual amortization payments of CHF would begin in March 2022. In March 2022, the subsidiary made its first semi-annual principal
repayment of CHF (or based on exchange rates). Based on this amortization schedule, the loan will be repaid by September 2027.
The current portion of this loan is included in other current liabilities and the long term portion in long term debt net as of
July 31, 2023 and 2022. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total principal payments 

Less: current portion, included in other current liabilities 

Long term debt net 

F- 20 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

through Citibank N.A.,
the Company s existing lender, pursuant to the PPP (the PPP Loan ). We accrued no interest on the loan. In June 2021,
the SBA approved in full our request for loan forgiveness and we recognized the forgiveness of the loan in fiscal year 2021. The
SBA announced its intention to audit loans in excess of and in June 2022 requested through Citibank N.A. the production of documents
and information related to our loan and our request for forgiveness. We provided that information to the SBA via Citibank N.A. In October
2023, the SBA informed the Company that it closed its review of our loan forgiveness with no findings. 

year to years, some of which include
options to extend the leases for up to years. The Company s lease terms may include renewal options that are reasonably certain
to be exercised and termination options that are reasonably certain not to be exercised. 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current: 

Operating 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Non-current: 

Operating 
 Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Total lease liabilities 

F- 21 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

sublease income for the year ended July 31, 2023. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest (a) 

Present value of lease liabilities 

years 
 years 

Weighted-average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

See Note 5 for cash flow information on cash paid for amounts included
in the measurement of lease liabilities for the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Professional fees 

Legal 

Other 

F- 22 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2022 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

and respectively, which are included in accrued liabilities
for payroll, benefits and commissions, for claims that have been reported but not paid and for claims that have been incurred but not
reported. The reserve is based upon the Company s historical payment trends, claim history and current estimates. 

Current portion of Swiss government loan 

per share Shares having an aggregate offering price of up to million. The Company pays Riley a commission of of the aggregate gross proceeds received
under the Sale Agreement. The Company is not obligated to make any sales of Shares under the Sales Agreement. The offering of Shares pursuant
to the Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (a) the sale of all of the Shares subject to the Sales Agreement or (b) the
termination of the Sales Agreement by Riley or the Company, as permitted therein. In May 2023, the Company filed with the SEC a shelf 
registration and sales agreement prospectus covering the Sales Agreement. A total of million of securities, including those covered
by the Sales Agreement, may be sold under the shelf registration which was declared effective in July 2023. During the fourth quarter
of the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, the Company sold shares for net proceeds of . 

Common stock issuances 

In fiscal 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant
to its employees 401(k) matching contribution obligation of . In fiscal 2022, the Company issued shares of common
stock pursuant to its employees 401(k) matching contribution obligation of . 

F- 23 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

shares of common stock. In January
2018, the Company s stockholders approved the amendment and restatement of the 2011 Plan (the Amended and Restated 2011
Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock available for grant under the 2011 Plan by shares of common
stock bringing the total number of shares available for grant to shares of common stock. On October 7, 2020, the
Company s Board of Directors approved the amendment and restatement of the Amended and Restated 2011 Plan, with an effective
date of October 7, 2020 and subject to approval by the Company s stockholders at the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders of
the Company. The amendment and restatement of the Amended and Restated 2011 Plan was for purposes of, among other things, (i)
increasing the shares of common stock available for grant under the Amended and Restated 2011 Plan by an additional shares
of common stock bringing the total number of shares available for grant to shares of common stock and (ii) extending the
term of the Amended and Restated 2011 Plan until October 7, 2030. In January 2021, the Company s stockholders approved the
amendment and restatement of the Amended and Restated 2011 Plan. 

The exercise price of options granted under the Amended and Restated
2011 Plan, as amended and restated, is equal to or greater than fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. The Amended
and Restated 2011 Plan, as amended and restated, will terminate at the earliest of (a) such time as no shares of common stock remain available
for issuance under the plan, (b) termination of the plan by the Company s Board of Directors, or (c) October 7, 2030. Awards outstanding
upon expiration of the Amended and Restated 2011 Plan, as amended and restated, will remain in effect until they have been exercised or
terminated, or have expired. As of July 31, 2023, there were approximately shares of common stock available for grant under
the Amended and Restated 2011 Plan, as amended and restated. 

The Company estimates the fair value of each stock option award on
the measurement date using a Black-Scholes option pricing model or the fair value of our stock at the date of grant. The fair value of
awards is amortized to expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The Company expenses restricted stock awards
based on vesting requirements, primarily time elapsed. Performance stock awards are not recognized until it is probable they will be earned.
At such time, their expense is then recognized over the requisite service period, including that portion of the service period already
elapsed. 

Effective November 8, 2021, the Company granted equity awards to its
CEO comprised of options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company and restricted stock units (RSUs) for shares
of the common stock of the Company. 

Options granted pursuant to the plans may be either incentive stock
options or non-statutory options. The 2011 Plan provides for the issuance of stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock unit
awards which generally vest over a two or three year period. 

New Grants 

Exercised 

Expired or forfeited 

Outstanding at end of year 

Exercisable at end of year 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during year 

F- 24 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

and
 , respectively. The intrinsic value of options outstanding at July 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. The intrinsic value
of the options exercised in fiscal 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

2022 

- 

- 

The following table summarizes information for stock options exercisable
at July 31, 2023: 

- 

- 

F- 25 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

at the time of grant. During fiscal year 2023, the Company
awarded to its 3 independent directors RSUs which vest over one year whose fair market value was . During fiscal year 2023,
the Company recognized share based compensation expense of for all RSUs. 

In November 2021, RSUs were awarded to our CEO which vest over
three years on the anniversary of his hiring. The fair market value of these RSUs at the date of grant was . The Company awarded to
its 3 independent directors RSUs in April 2022 which cliff vest annually over two years whose fair market value was . In July
2022, the Company awarded to its 3 independent directors RSUs which vest in one year and whose fair market value was . During
fiscal year 2022, the Company recognized shared based compensation expense of 295 for these RSUs. 

years 

Granted 

Vested 

Cancelled 

Outstanding at end of period 

years 

Expected to vest at end of period 

years 

Certain directors had not taken their vested RSU shares, totaling ,
as of July 31, 2023. As of July 31, 2023, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based payment
arrangements granted under the Company s 2011 Incentive Plan, which will be recognized over a weighted average remaining life of
approximately one and a half years. 

The following table summarizes RSU activity for the fiscal year ended
July 31, 2022: 

Vested 

Cancelled 

Outstanding at end of period 

years 

Expected to vest at end of period 

years 

F- 26 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

for former officers who forfeited PSUs from the fiscal 2020 award, resulting in net PSU compensation expense
of . For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022, the Company reversed net total PSU accruals of for a former officer who forfeited
 and 20,000 PSUs from the fiscal year 2020 and fiscal year 2019 awards, respectively, resulting in net PSU compensation expense
of . 

During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, the Company issued 
shares for awards made in fiscal year 2019 and vested at the end of fiscal 2022. 

of the employees contribution of the employees compensation,
payable in Enzo Biochem, Inc. common stock. For the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company authorized employer matched contributions of
 of the employees contribution up to of the employees compensation, payable in Enzo Biochem, Inc. common stock. 

The share-based 401(k) employer matched contribution was approximately
 and in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company accrued a total of and ,
respectively in 401(k) matching contribution obligations within the Accrued liabilities account. 

The Company s Swiss operations provide a pension plan named the
Enzo Life Sciences (ELS) AG Vertrag - Nr. 2/401144, (the Swiss Plan under the Swiss government s social security
system for Swiss employees. for employees over age 25 and minimum annual investment
return is . Employees are required to contribute based on a formula and the Company s Swiss operations make contributions of
at least of the employee contribution. The status of the Swiss Plan, which is substantially funded as of December 31, 2022, the latest
plan year end, is as follows: 

F- 27 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

Accumulated Benefit Obligation 

Funded status 

The contract for the Swiss Plan automatically renews on its annual
anniversary unless notice of termination is provided three months prior. The current contract will automatically renew on December 31,
2023. Currently, the Company has no plans to change the current funding or plan design. No events have occurred that would impact the
Swiss Plan status. 

per year. Rent expense for this lease, inclusive of real estate taxes, approximated and during fiscal years 2023 and
2022, respectively. 

individuals. The Social Security numbers of approximately of these individuals may also have been involved. Additionally,
the Company has determined that some employees information may have been involved. The Company has provided notice to the individuals
whose information may have been involved, as well as to regulatory authorities, in accordance with applicable law. 

Enzo Biochem is currently subject to regulatory
inquiry from the New York Attorney General and a joint inquiry from the Connecticut and New Jersey Attorneys General. Both inquiries
ask questions about the ransomware incident, as well as the corrective actions taken in response. It is not known at this time whether
the Attorneys General will seek penalty against the Company. We are unable to evaluate the likelihood of an outcome, favorable or unfavorable,
to the Company or to estimate the amount or range of any potential liability, if any, at this time. 

F- 28 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

F- 29 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

F- 30 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

in fiscal year 2022 which is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses.
The charge was partially offset by the reversal of bonus accruals. In May 2022, the Company paid Dr. Rabbani in severance (the
payment constituted taxable income but the Company did not withhold taxes from the payment). In July 2022, the Company paid Dr. Rabbani s
income and other withholding taxes of related to that payment on Dr. Rabbani s behalf, which was included in prepaid
expense and other current assets as of July 31, 2022, as the payment is reimbursable from Dr. Rabbani. Dr. Rabbani disputed, among
other things, the Company s decision to not award him a bonus for fiscal year 2021 and the amount of severance that was owed to
him under his employment agreement. On July 8, 2022, the Company filed a demand for arbitration with the American Arbitration Association
(the AAA seeking, among other things, a declaration that the Company has fully satisfied its contractual obligations to
Dr. Rabbani and seeking the tax withholding reimbursement referenced above. On August 4, 2022, Dr. Rabbani filed counterclaims in
the arbitration seeking, among other things, a bonus for fiscal year 2021 and additional severance that he asserts is owed to him. At
the parties joint request, the arbitration has been stayed while the parties work towards resolving the matter. 

On February 25, 2022, Barry Weiner, the Company s co-founder
and President, notified the Company that he was terminating his employment as President of the Company for Good Reason as
defined in his employment agreement. The Company accepted Mr. Weiner s termination, effective April 19, 2022, but disagreed with
Mr. Weiner s assertion regarding Good Reason. On October 24, 2023, the Company and Mr. Weiner reached an agreement
resolving the dispute. 

A provision has been made in the financial statements for these matters
based on a reasonable estimate; however, the actual exposure may differ. 

reportable segment, Products, which develops, manufactures,
and markets products to research and pharmaceutical customers. The Company evaluates segment performance based on segment income (loss)
before taxes. Costs excluded from segment income (loss) before taxes and reported as Corporate Other consist of corporate
general and administrative costs which are not allocable to the Products segment. 

Legal and related expenses incurred to defend the Company s intellectual
property, which may result in settlements recognized in another segment and other general corporate matters are considered a component
of the Corporate Other segment. Legal and related expenses specific to the Products segment s activities are allocated
to that segment. 

Legal settlements, net, represent activities for which royalties would
have been received in the Company s Products segment. Management of the Company assesses assets on a consolidated basis only and
therefore, assets by reportable segment have not been included in the reportable segments below. The accounting policies of the reportable
segment are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. 

F- 31 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

Year ended July 31, 2023 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenues 

Costs of revenues inventory provision 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Legal and related expenses 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense) 

Interest 

Change in fair value of convertible debentures 

Other 

Foreign exchange gain 

Loss before taxes 

Depreciation and amortization included above 

Share-based compensation included above: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Cost of sales 

Total 

Capital expenditures 

F- 32 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2023 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenues 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Legal and related expenses 

Legal settlements 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense) 

Interest 

Other 

Foreign exchange loss 

Loss before taxes 

Depreciation and amortization included above 

Share-based compensation included above: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Cost of sales 

Total 

Capital expenditures 

F- 33 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC 
SCHEDULE II 
VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
As of and for the Years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 
(in thousands) 

2022 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable 

(1) 

2023 
 
 Deferred tax valuation allowance 

) 

2022 
 
 Deferred tax valuation allowance 

S- 1 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2023ex4-1_enzobio.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

General Matters 

Pursuant to our Certificate of
Incorporation, as amended, the total amount of our authorized capital stock is 100,000,000 shares, which consists of 75,000,000 shares
of authorized common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 25,000,000 shares of authorized preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 

As of October 27, 2023, we had
outstanding 50,489,771 shares of common stock and no shares of preferred stock. As of October 27, 2023 we had approximately 720 holders
of record of our common stock. 

The following summary of our capital
stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by, our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended,
and our Amended and Restated By-laws. 

Common Stock 

The holders of shares of common
stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. All shares of our
common stock are entitled to share equally in any dividends our board of directors may declare from legally available sources. Our common
stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ENZ . The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock
is Equiniti. 

Preferred Stock 

Our board
of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and
to fix and determine the following terms of the preferred stock by resolution: variations in the designations, preferences, and relative,
participating, optional or other special rights (including, without limitation, special voting rights, of conversion in common stock or
other securities, redemption provisions or sinking fund provisions) as between series and between the preferred stock and any series thereof
and the common stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such rights, all as shall be stated in a resolution of the
board of directors. Shares of preferred stock or any series thereof may have full or limited voting powers, or be without voting powers,
all as shall be stated in a resolution of the board of directors. 

Any or
all of these rights may be greater than the rights of our common stock. Currently there is no issued and outstanding preferred stock. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.W>
 3
 f10k2023ex10w_enzobio.htm
 AMENDMENT AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG JGB CAPITAL, LP, JGB (CAYMAN) SUSSEX LTD., ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. AND JGB COLLATERAL LLC

EXHIBIT 10 (w) 

AMENDMENT
AGREEMENT 

This
Amendment Agreement Agreement ), dated as of October 4, 2023, is made by and between JGB Capital, LP, JGB Partners,
LP and JGB (Cayman) Sussex Ltd. (collectively, the Holders and each a Holder ), Enzo Biochem,
Inc., a New York corporation (the Company ), JGB Collateral LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Agent ),
as agent for the Holders, and Person executing this Agreement as Guarantor . 

WHEREAS,
the Holder and the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of May 19, 2023 (as the same may be amended, amended
and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its provisions, the Purchase Agreement ),
whereby the Company issued to the Holders, and the Holders acquired from the Company, 10 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Debentures,
in the aggregate original principal amount of 7,608,696 (as the same may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time in accordance with their provisions collectively, the Debentures and each a Debenture );
and 

WHEREAS,
the Holders, the Agent and the Company desire to amend certain terms of the Purchase Agreement as provided herein. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1.
 Definitions . Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Agreement shall have the respective meanings given such terms in the
Purchase Agreement or the Debentures, as applicable. 

2.
 Reconfirmation of Subsidiary Guaranty . Each Guarantor acknowledges this Agreement and ratifies and confirms that the Subsidiary
Guarantee executed by such Guarantor is not released, diminished, impaired, reduced, or otherwise adversely affected by this Agreement
and continues to guarantee and assure the full payment and performance of all present and future obligations under the Debentures (as
amended by this Agreement) and the other Transaction Documents. 

3.
 Amendment to the Purchase Agreement . Effective as of the date hereof, the parties amend the Purchase Agreement as follows: 

(a)
Section 1.1 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the definition of 2 nd Lien Mortgage in its
entirety and striking the reference to the 2 nd Lien Mortgage in the definitions of Security Documents 
and Transaction Documents . 

(b)
Section 2.4 of the Purchase Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety by replacing such Section 2.4 with the following: 

2.4
 Intentionally Omitted . 

4.
 Amendment to the Transaction Documents . Effective as of May 19, 2023, the parties amend the Transaction Documents as follows: 

(a)
All references, if any, to Enzo Life Sciences (ELS) AG are deleted in their entirety. 

5.
 Reimbursement of Expense Advance . Within five (5) Business Days after the execution of this Agreement, the Holders will refund
 56,792.06 advanced to the Holders to cover their costs and expenses in connection with the Transaction Documents. 

6.
 Transaction Documents . This Agreement is a Transaction Document. In addition, all references in the Transaction Documents to the
Purchase Agreement shall be deemed to mean the Debentures as amended by this Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Transaction
Documents, are the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

7.
 No Modification . Except as expressly set forth in Sections 3 and 4 of this Agreement, nothing contained in this Agreement shall
be deemed or construed to, and does not, amend, supplement or modify the Debentures or the other Transaction Documents or otherwise affect
the rights, remedies and/or obligations of any party thereto, all of which remain in full force and effect. 

8.
 Successors and Assigns; Survival . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each of the parties hereto,
and each of their respective successors and assigns. The representations and warranties of the Company and the Guarantors shall survive
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

9.
 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. The parties
agree that the state and federal courts located in New York County, New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any action, proceeding
or dispute arising out of this Agreement and the parties submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. 

10.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement,
and any party hereto may execute this Agreement by signing and delivering one or more counterparts. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of this Agreement electronically or by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS] 

2 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOPF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

Enzo Bioghem, Inc., as the Company 
 
 Enzo Therapeutics, Inc., as Guarantor 

By 
 /s/
 Patricia Eckert 
 
 By 
 /s/
 Patricia Eckert 
 
 Name: 
 Patricia Eckert 
 
 Name: 
 Patricia Eckert 
 
 Title: 
 Interim CFO 
 
 Title: 
 Interim CFO 

Enzo Realty LLC, as Guarantor 
 
 Enzo Realty II LLC, as Guarantor 

By 
 /s/
 Patricia Eckert 
 
 By 
 /s/
 Patricia Eckert 
 
 Name: 
 Patricia Eckert 
 
 Name: 
 Patricia Eckert 
 
 Title: 
 Interim CFO 
 
 Title: 
 Interim CFO 

Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc., as Guarantor 
 
 Enzo Life Sciences, Inc., as Guarantor 

By 
 /s/
 Patricia Eckert 
 
 By 
 /s/
 Patricia Eckert 
 
 Name: 
 Patricia Eckert 
 
 Name: 
 Patricia Eckert 
 
 Title: 
 Interim CFO 
 
 Title: 
 Interim CFO 

JGB (Cayman) Sussex Ltd., as Holder 

By /s/
 Brett Cohen 

Name: Brett
 Cohen 

Title: President 

JGB Capital, LP, as Holder 
 
 JGB Partners, LP, as Holder 

By 
 /s/ Brett
 Cohen 
 
 By 
 /s/ Brett
 Cohen 

Name: 
 Brett Cohen 
 
 Name: 
 Brett Cohen 

Title: 
 President 
 
 Title: 
 President 

JGB Collateral LLC, as Agent 

By /s/
 Brett Cohen 

Name: Brett
 Cohen 

Title: President 

3 

</EX-10.W>

<EX-10.X>
 4
 f10k2023ex10x_enzobio.htm
 SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE BETWEEN HAMID ERFANIAN AND ENZO BIOCHEM, INC

EXHIBIT 10 (x) 

EXECUTION COPY 

SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 

This Separation
Agreement and General Release Agreement by and between Hamid Erfanian Executive or you and Enzo
Biochem, Inc. (the Company on behalf of itself and its past and/or present parent entities, and its or their subsidiaries,
divisions, affiliates and related business entities, predecessors, successors and assigns, assets, employee benefit plans or funds, and
any of its or their respective past and/or present directors, officers, fiduciaries, agents, trustees, administrators, attorneys, employees
and assigns, whether acting as agents for the Company or in their individual capacities (collectively the Company Entities ),
is entered into as of the date hereof. 

WHEREAS,
Executive is employed pursuant to an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective October 14, 2021, as amended March 24, 2022 and
October 20, 2022 (the Employment Agreement ); 

WHEREAS,
the Company and Executive have determined to mutually sever their employment relationship, subject to the terms herein; 

NOW, therefore,
in consideration of the mutual promises set forth in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows: 

1. 
 Employment Separation . Your final date of employment with the Company shall be November 18, 2023 (the Separation Date ).
Until such date, you shall be on a Notice Period . During the Notice Period, you shall remain an employee of the Company (provided
as of the date you execute this Agreement, you shall no longer hold the position of Chief Executive Officer and shall during the Notice
Period maintain no operational title), and shall continue to receive Base Salary and health benefits coverage but no other compensation.
The Company may elect to have you not report to work for all or any portion of such Notice Period, nor to perform any services other than
as specifically requested by the Company. Subsequent to the Separation Date you shall not represent yourself as being an employee, officer,
agent or representative of the Company for any purpose. The Separation Date shall be the termination date of your employment for all purposes
including participation in and coverage under all benefit plans and programs sponsored by or through the Company Entities except as otherwise
provided herein. For the sake of clarity, you shall remain an employee during the Notice Period and are subject to all terms and conditions
of your employment, other than as stated herein, and your breach thereof may lead to a termination and the forfeiture of any Separation
Benefits. 

a. 
 As a condition of this Agreement, you hereby resign from any and all positions which you hold on the Company s Board of Directors
effective as of the date you execute this Agreement. In furtherance thereof you shall promptly execute any documentation requested by
the Company to effectuate same. 

b. You
acknowledge and agree that, to the extent unpaid you are entitled to receive any earned but unpaid base salary and accrued but
unused vacation time, and to be reimbursed for any incurred but unreimbursed business expenses (to the extent reimbursable in
accordance with Company policy), in each case, through the Separation Date payable in accordance with Company policy, and that all
other payments and all other benefits due to you from the Company or any of the Company Entities on or after the Separation Date
shall be determined under this Agreement; provided that during the Notice Period you shall not accrue further vacation days and are
not authorized to incur any further obligations or expenses on behalf of the Company. You acknowledge and agree that, except as
stated in this Agreement, you are not entitled to any further payments or benefits from the Company or any Company Entity, whether
in connection with your employment or otherwise. 

c. 
 You shall have the right, in accordance with governing law, to continue your medical benefits under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act COBRA health care continuation rules, provided, however, that any such continuation shall be at your
sole expense other than as stated herein. 

2. 
 Separation Benefits . Assuming you timely execute and do not revoke this Agreement, timely execute and do not revoke the
Reaffirmation attached hereto as Exhibit A and in exchange for your waiver of claims against the Company Entities and your compliance
with the other terms and conditions of this Agreement (including any provisions of the Employment Agreement referenced herein), you shall
receive, in full consideration of any amounts owed under the Employment Agreement, inclusive of Section 5.2(b) thereof: 

a. 
 the equivalent of twelve (12) months of Executive s Base Salary in effect as of the date of Executive s employment termination
which is 624,000.00, subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings; and 

b. 
 a lump-sum payment equal to one hundred eighty seven thousand and two hundred dollars 187,200), representing the Annual Bonus
amount due under Section 5.2(b)(y) of the Employment Agreement (together with the amounts payable under 2(a), the Severance Benefits ). 

c. 
 a restricted share grant in an amount equal to 1,502,488 in the Company s restricted stock, with 50 (i.e. 751,244) granted and
vested as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date (as defined below) based on the share price as of the Effective Date,
and 50 (i.e. the remaining 751,244) granted and vested on the earlier of July 24, 2024 (one year anniversary date) or a Change in Control
of the Company (as defined in the Employment Agreement), based on the share price of such date of grant. These restricted share grants
represent full satisfaction of any amounts due under Section 3 of the Employment Agreement, including without limitation as a result of
the sale of Enzo Clinical Labs to Labcorp. 

d. 
 The RSU Grants and Option Grants as defined in the Employment Agreement (i.e., 260,000 RSU s and 700,000 options in total as of
the date hereof) shall, to the extent not already vested, vest effective as of the Separation Date (and shall thereinafter remain subject
to the terms of the grant documents under which they were granted). 

e. 
 The Severance Benefits will be paid as a continuation on the Company s regular payroll, beginning no later than the first regularly-scheduled
payroll date following the fifteenth (15th) day after the Effective Date of the Reaffirmation, provided that the amount under subsection
(b), shall be paid in a lump sum on the sixtieth day after the Separation Date; and 

f. should
you timely continue your medical benefits under the COBRA health care continuation rules and provided you submit evidence of payment
acceptable to the Company, reimburse a monthly portion of such payments such that your out-of-pocket costs for such health care
insurance shall be commensurate with that which you paid as an employee of the Company (the COBRA Continuation Benefit ).
The COBRA Continuation Benefit shall be payable on a monthly basis beginning as of the first submission of evidence of payment
subsequent to the Separation Date, and lasting until the earlier of (a) your receipt of coverage from any other employer, for which
you shall notify the Company promptly, or (b) August 31, 2024. 

2 

3. 
 Acknowledgement . You acknowledge and agree that the payment(s) and other benefits provided pursuant to this Agreement: (i)
are in full discharge of any and all liabilities and obligations of the Company Entities to you, monetarily or with respect to employee
benefits or otherwise, and/or under any alleged written or oral employment agreement, policy, plan or procedure of the Company Entities
and/or any alleged understanding or arrangement between you and the Company Entities; (ii) exceed(s) any payment, benefit, or other thing
of value to which you might otherwise be entitled under any policy, plan or procedure of the Company Entities and/or any agreement between
you and the Company Entities had you not entered into this Agreement. You further acknowledge that you have no right to reinstatement
or re-employment with the Company or any Company Entity and agree that any application by you for re-employment may be rejected without
explanation or liability, and that all such payments are being made, inter alia, in consideration of your agreement and adherence
to the terms of this Agreement and any other agreements you may have with the Company and will be repayable in full to the Company with
interest thereon in the event you breach any of the terms hereof or any other terms you may have with the Company. 

4. 
 Reaffirmation of Restrictive Covenants . In exchange for the benefits provided to you in this Agreement, you (a) reaffirm
your obligations to the Company under Sections 9 and 10 of the Employment Agreement, agree that (b) all obligations thereunder are fully
enforceable in accordance with their terms, and (c) you waive and agree not to assert any defense to the enforcement of any provision
therein. For the sake of clarity, your performance of services for an entity which is not a Restricted Business (as defined in Section
9.3 of the Employment Agreement) subsequent to the Separation Date shall not be a violation of Section 9.3. The parties further agree
that subsequent to the Separation Date, Restricted Business does not include the fields of clinical laboratory work, diagnostics
and medical devices or any business that does not compete with the Company as of the Executive s execution of this Separation Agreement. 

5. Release . 

a. In
consideration for the payment(s) and benefits provided under this Agreement, you (for yourself and your heirs, executors,
administrators, beneficiaries, personal representatives and assigns) (the Releasors hereby completely, forever,
irrevocably and unconditionally release and discharge, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company, the Company s past,
present and future parent organizations, subsidiaries and other affiliated entities regardless of the nature of the affiliation,
related companies and divisions and each of their respective past, present and future officers, directors, employees, shareholders,
trustees, members, partners, attorneys and agents (in each case, individually and in their official capacities) and each of their
respective employee benefit plans (and such plans fiduciaries, agents, administrators and insurers, individually and in their
official capacities), as well as any predecessors, future successors or assigns or estates of any of the foregoing (the
 Released Parties from any and all claims, actions, charges, controversies, causes of action, suits, rights, demands,
liabilities, obligations, damages, costs, expenses, attorneys fees and obligations of any kind or character whatsoever, that you
ever had, now have or may in the future claim to have by reason of any act, conduct, omission, transaction, agreement, occurrence or
any other matter whatsoever occurring up to and including the date that you sign this Agreement. 

3 

b. 
 Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to and shall release the Released Parties from any
and all claims, whether known or unknown, which Releasors ever had, now have, or may have against the Company Entities arising out of
your employment and/or your separation from that employment, including, but not limited to: (i) any claim under Title VII of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974 (excluding claims for accrued, vested benefits under any employee benefit or pension plan of the Company Entities subject
to the terms and conditions of such plan and applicable law), the Family and Medical Leave Act, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each
as amended; (ii) any claim under the New York State Human Rights Law, or the New York City Administrative Code; (iii) any other claim
(whether based on federal, state, or local law, statutory or decisional) relating to or arising out of your employment, the terms and
conditions of such employment, or the termination of such employment, including but not limited to breach of contract (express or implied),
any claim that your resignation constituted a constructive discharge, fraud, misrepresentation, wrongful discharge, detrimental reliance,
defamation, emotional distress or compensatory or punitive damages; (iv) any claim of any kind whatsoever with regard to any potential
entitlement or payment; and (iv) any claim for attorneys fees, costs, disbursements and/or the like. You expressly acknowledge that this
general release of claims includes any and all claims arising up to and including the date you sign this Agreement that you have or may
have against the Released Parties, whether such claims are known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, asserted or unasserted, disclosed
or undisclosed. By signing this Agreement, you expressly waive any right to assert that any such claim, demand, obligation or cause of
action has, through ignorance or oversight, been omitted from the scope of this release and you further waive any rights under statute
or common law principles that otherwise prohibit the release of unknown claims. Nothing in this Agreement shall be a waiver of claims
that may arise after the date on which you sign this Agreement, any rights to indemnification and/or Directors and officers insurance
coverage pursuant to Company by-laws, policies, and or procedures, or to any rights you may have pursuant to this Agreement. 

6. 
 Non-Disparagement . The Company reaffirms its obligations under Section 9.5 of the Employment Agreement. 

7. 
 Waiver of Relief; Covenant Not to Sue . You acknowledge and agree that by virtue of the foregoing, you have waived any relief
available to you (including without limitation, monetary damages, equitable relief and reinstatement) under any of the claims and/or causes
of action waived in this Agreement. You therefore agree that you have not, and will not support or encourage any proceedings or arbitrations
brought by others or bring any legal proceeding or arbitration, in any court or with any provider, with respect to any of the claims and/or
causes of action waived in this Agreement. 

8. 
 Disclosure . You hereby acknowledge and agree that you have prior to signing this Agreement, disclosed to the Company all
material information which you possessed during your employment with the Company relating to any violations of the securities laws or
any other laws and regulations with which the Company has an obligation to comply. 

4 

9. Confidentiality .
Other than as required by regulatory requirement, you shall keep the terms and conditions of this Agreement confidential, and such
terms and conditions shall not be disclosed by you to any person or entity without the prior written consent of the Company, except
to your accountants, attorneys and/or immediate family, or with respect to restrictive covenants only , to a prospective future
employer provided that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, rule, code or regulation, they agree to maintain the
confidentiality of this Agreement. You further represent that you have not disclosed the terms and conditions of this Agreement to
anyone other than your attorneys, accountants and/or immediate family. 

10. 
 Return of Property . You confirm that you have returned to the Company any and all Company documents, materials and information
(whether in hardcopy, on electronic media or otherwise) related to Company business and/or containing any non-public information concerning
the Company, as well as all equipment, keys, access cards, credit cards, computers, computer hardware and software, electronic devices
and any other Company property in your possession, custody or control. You shall, as a condition precedent to any payments or grants made
under Section 2, immediately return your computer and cell phone. You also represent and warrant that you have not retained copies of
any Company documents, materials or information (whether in hardcopy, on electronic media or otherwise). You also agree that you will
disclose to the Company all passwords necessary or desirable to enable the Company to access all information which you have password-protected
on any of its computer equipment or on its computer network or system. 

11. 
 Protected Rights . This Agreement is not intended to, and shall not, in any way prohibit,
limit, or otherwise interfere with 

a. 
 your protected rights under federal, state or local employment discrimination laws (including, without limitation, the ADEA and
Title VII) to communicate or file a charge with, or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by, the Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission EEOC or similar federal, state or local government body or agency charged with enforcing employment discrimination
laws. Therefore, nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit, interfere with or limit you from filing a charge with, communicating with or
participating in any manner in an investigation, hearing or proceeding conducted by, the EEOC or similar federal, state or local agency.
However, you shall not be entitled to any relief or recovery (whether monetary or otherwise), and you hereby waive any and all rights
to relief or recovery, under, or by virtue of, any such filing of a charge with, or investigation, hearing or proceeding conducted by,
the EEOC or any other similar federal, state or local government agency relating to any claim that has been released in this Agreement; 

b. your
protected right to test in any court, under the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, or like statute or regulation, the validity of
the waiver of rights under ADEA in this Agreement solely on the grounds that this release and waiver was not made knowingly and
voluntarily, provided you return any consideration provided herein as a condition of and prior to challenging such release; 

c. 
 your right to disclose Confidential Information: (i) to the extent required by law, rule, or regulation; (ii) in response to a
subpoena or other valid legal process in accordance with the terms stated herein unless proffered by a prospective employer of yours;
(iii) with the prior written consent of the Company; (iv) to the extent necessary to enforce any provision of this Agreement, provided
that you shall endeavor to file any such information under seal; (v) as protected by law (including engaging in concerted activity under
the National Labor Relations Act for mutual aid and protection; 

5 

d.
your right to enforce the terms of this Agreement; or 

e. 
 your right to make any disclosures that protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulation, or otherwise
participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any government agency, including providing documents or other
information, without notice to the Company; or 

f.
receive an award for information provided to any government agencies. 

12. 
 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable,
such provision shall have no effect; however, the remaining provisions shall be enforced to the maximum extent possible. Further, if a
court should determine that any portion of this Agreement is overbroad or unreasonable, such provision shall be given effect to the maximum
extent possible by narrowing or enforcing in part that aspect of the provision found overbroad or unreasonable. 

13. 
 Breach of Agreement . You agree that any breach of this Agreement shall constitute a material breach as to which the Company
Entities may seek all relief available under the law or at equity, including recoupment of the payment(s), grants, and benefits provided
pursuant to this Agreement; provided, that for the sake of clarity, your breach shall not relieve you of any obligations contained herein
(including, for the sake of clarity, the release), all of which shall continue as stated. In the event of any breach by you of your obligations
under this Agreement the Company shall be entitled to cease making any payments not yet made under this Agreement, recover any payments
that have already been made to you under this Agreement, and be awarded its reasonable attorneys fees and costs if it is the prevailing
party in any such recovery proceeding or any proceeding brought by you in breach of the covenant not to sue or to challenge the validity
of the release. You further acknowledge that any breach of the promises set forth in this Agreement will cause the Company Entities irreparable
harm for which there is no adequate remedy at law and for which there is no accurate estimation, and you therefore consent to the issuance
of an injunction in favor of the Company Entities enjoining the breach of any of those promises by any court of competent jurisdiction. 

14. Section
409A . The Company makes no representations or warranties with respect to the tax consequences of the payments and any other
consideration provided to Employee or made on Employee s behalf under the terms of this Agreement. The parties intend that payments
and benefits provided for in this Agreement to be either be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the
 Code or be provided in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything contained herein
to the contrary, all payments and benefits which are payable upon a termination of employment hereunder shall be paid or provided
only upon those terminations of employment that constitute a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of
Section 409A of the Code (determined after applying the presumptions set forth in Treas. Reg. Section l.409A-l(h)(l)). For purposes
of Section 409A of the Code, the right to a series of installment payments hereunder shall be treated as a right to a series of
separate payments. In the event Executive is a specified employee under Section 409A of the Code, for purposes of any payment on
termination of employment hereunder, if such payment would otherwise be made within six months of termination, such payment will be
paid to Executive in a lump sum cash amount on the first payroll date which is more than six months following the date of
Executive s termination, to the extent required to avoid any adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code. Executive
agrees and understands that Executive is responsible for payment, if any, of local, state, and/or federal taxes on the payments and
any other consideration provided hereunder by the Company and any penalties or assessments thereon. Executive further agrees to
indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any claims, demands, deficiencies, penalties, interest, assessments,
executions, judgments, or recoveries by any government agency against the Company for any amounts claimed due on account of (a)
Executive s failure to pay or delayed payment of federal or state taxes, or (b) damages sustained by the Company by reason of any
such claims, including attorneys fees and costs. 

6 

15. 
 Miscellaneous . a. This Agreement is not intended, and shall not be construed, as an admission that any of the Company Entities
has violated any federal, state or local law (statutory or decisional), ordinance or regulation, breached any contract or committed any
wrong whatsoever against you. Nor shall any provision herein be intended or construed as an admission that you have violated any federal,
state or local law (statutory or decisional), ordinance or regulation, breached any contract or committed any wrong whatsoever against
any of the Company Entities. 

b. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. For all purposes a signature by fax or pdf
shall be treated as an original. 

16. 
 Assignment . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Company and the other Released Parties and shall be binding
upon the Company and its successors and assigns. This Agreement also shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, you and your
heirs, executors, administrators, trustees and legal representatives. This Agreement is personal to you and you may not assign or delegate
your rights or duties under this Agreement, and any such assignment or delegation will be null and void. 

17. Governing Law . This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be construed in accordance with
and governed by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. Any legal action or
proceeding with respect to this Agreement shall be resolved in accordance with Section 11 of the Employment Agreement, the terms of which
(including, for the sake of clarity, the jury trial waiver), are incorporated herein by reference. 

18. 
 Treatment of Equity . For the sake of clarity any unvested equity awards held by you as of the Separation Date shall be treated
in accordance with the terms of the governing plan and/or grant documents and shall forfeit as of the Separation Date, except as otherwise
specifically stated herein with regard to the vesting of the inducement grants as stated in Section 2(d) 

19. 
 Entire Agreement . You acknowledge that, except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, this Agreement, together with
the portions of the Employment Agreement referenced herein, constitutes the complete understanding between the Company and you, and supersedes
any and all agreements, understandings, and discussions, whether written or oral, between you and any of the Company Entities. No other
promises or agreements nor any amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless in writing and signed by both the Company and you after
the Effective Date (as defined below). 

7 

20. Voluntary
Agreement . You acknowledge that you: (a) have carefully read this Agreement in its entirety; (b) have been offered the
opportunity to have at least 21 days to consider its terms; (c) are hereby advised by the Company in writing to consult with an
attorney of your choosing in connection with this Agreement; (d) fully understand the significance of all of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and have discussed them with your independent legal counsel, or had a reasonable opportunity to do so;
(e) have had answered to your satisfaction any questions you have asked with regard to the meaning and significance of any of the
provisions of this Agreement; and (f) are signing this Agreement voluntarily and of your own free will and agree to abide by all the
terms and conditions contained herein. 

21. 
 Acceptance . You may accept this Agreement by signing it and returning it to the Company Attn: Matthew Kupferberg on or before
the 21 st day after receipt. After executing this Agreement,
you shall have seven (7) days (the Revocation Period to revoke it by indicating your desire to do so in writing delivered
to the General Counsel at the address above by no later than 5:00 p.m. on the seventh (7 th day after the date you sign this
Agreement. The effective date of this Agreement shall be the eighth (8 th day after you sign it (the Effective_Date ).
 If the last day of the Revocation Period falls on a Saturday, Sunday or
holiday, the last day of the Revocation Period will be deemed to be the next business day. In the event you do not accept this Agreement
as set forth above, or in the event you revoke this Agreement during the Revocation Period, this Agreement, including but not limited
to the obligation of the Company to provide the payment(s) and benefits, shall be deemed automatically null and void. 

a. 
 As noted above, this offer shall remain available to you for twenty-one (21) days from your receipt of this letter; it shall expire
at the close of business on the twenty-first day. In the event that you do not accept this Agreement in the required time frames or if
you revoke this Agreement this Agreement shall be deemed automatically null and void. You further understand that you must execute and
not revoke the Reaffirmation attached as Exhibit A after the Separation Date (such date after any applicable revocation period stated
in the Reaffirmation has expired, the Effective Date of the Reaffirmation in order to receive the consideration stated in
this Agreement. 

22. 
 Headings and Captions . The headings and captions herein are provided for reference and convenience only. They shall not
be considered part of this Agreement and shall not be employed in the construction of this Agreement. Counterpart signatures shall be
treated as originals for all purposes hereto. 

ENZO BIOCHEM INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Kara Cannon 

Name: 
 Kara Cannon 

Title: 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Date: 
 September 5, 2023 

HAMID ERFANIAN 

/s/ Hamid Erfanian 

Date: 
 September 5, 2023 

8 

EXHIBIT
A 

REAFFIRMATION 

(TO BE SIGNED ON OR AFTER SEPARATION
DATE) 

I hereby reaffirm all covenants and
obligations set forth in the Separation Agreement and General Release, which is incorporated by reference into this reaffirmation Reaffirmation ).
I hereby reaffirm that I have complied with the terms of the Separation Agreement and General Release and reaffirm and agree to all of
the terms stated therein, including without limitation the release stated in Paragraph 5. I understand that this Reaffirmation is required
for me to receive the consideration stated in Paragraph 2 of the Separation Agreement and General Release. 

I further acknowledge that I have
been advised in writing by way of this Reaffirmation, that: (a) I have the right to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Reaffirmation;
(b) I have at least twenty-one (21) days to consider this Reaffirmation (although I may choose to voluntarily execute this Reaffirmation
earlier); (c) I acknowledge and understand that I have seven (7) calendar days from the date on which I execute this Reaffirmation to
revoke my acceptance; and (d) once the revocation period expires, the Reaffirmation becomes effective and enforceable. 

I ratify and reaffirm the commitments
set forth herein as of the Separation Date or the date I sign this reaffirmation if such date is later. 

Dated: 

NOT TO BE SIGNED BEFORE THE SEPARATION DATE 

</EX-10.X>

<EX-10.Y>
 5
 f10k2023ex10y_enzobio.htm
 SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN BARRY WEINER, SHAHLA WEINER, ROYA WEINER, AND JONATHAN WEINER AND ENZO BIOCHEM, INC., MARY TAGLIAFERRI, IAN WALTERS, BRAD RADOFF, AND HAMID ERFANIAN

Exhibit 10 (y) 

SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT 

This Settlement Agreement, dated as
of October 24, 2023 Agreement ), is entered into by and between Barry Weiner Weiner ), Shahla Weiner, Roya Weiner,
and Jonathan Weiner (collectively, the foregoing are the Weiner Parties and each is a Weiner Party ), Enzo Biochem,
Inc. (the Company ), Mary Tagliaferri, Ian Walters, Brad Radoff, and Hamid Erfanian (the Company, Dr. Tagliaferri, Dr. Walters,
Mr. Radoff, and Mr. Erfanian are, collectively, the Enzo Parties and each is an Enzo Party (the Weiner Parties
and Enzo Parties are, collectively, the Parties and each is a Party ). Desiring to settle all disputes and claims
between the Weiner Parties and the Enzo Parties, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

A. Settlement Payments; Dismissal of the Arbitration 

1. Within
seven (7) business days after the later of the (i) Effective Date of this Agreement (as defined in paragraph 5), or (ii) dismissal, with
prejudice, of the claims in the arbitration pending before the American Arbitration Association, Arbitrator Loretta M. Gastwirth (the
 Arbitrator ), Weiner v. Enzo Biochem, Inc., AAA Case No. 01-22-0003-1311 (the Arbitration ), the Company
will make a payment of 3,600,000, less applicable tax withholdings, to Weiner. 

2. The
method of payment (check, wire transfer, etc.) for the payment contemplated in paragraph 1 
shall be the same as the method in which Weiner received his last paycheck when he was employed by the Company, unless Weiner's counsel
otherwise instructs in writing. If any such payment is made by check and the check is not honored due to insufficient funds or other factor
in control of the Company, the Company shall bear the cost of any associated fees or costs. The Company shall bear the cost of any fees
associated with any wire transfer. 

3. Promptly
after the Parties' execution of this Agreement, the Parties agree to jointly request that the Arbitrator dismiss the claims in the Arbitration,
with prejudice and with each of the Parties to bear their own fees and costs (including, without limitation, attorney's fees and costs). 

B. Mutual Releases 

4. Other
than as set forth in this Agreement, the Weiner Parties, on behalf of themselves and their immediate family, successors, and
assigns, forever waive and release any and all rights and claims of any kind, which they presently have, had or may have against the
Enzo Parties, their past, present and future subsidiaries, affiliates, purchasers of assets, successors, and assigns, as well as the
past, present and future directors, officers, agents, representatives, attorneys and employees of such companies or the Enzo Parties
(collectively, the Enzo Released Parties up to the date of their execution of this Agreement including, without
limitation, any and all claims of any kind relating to any act or omission that occurred prior to his execution of this Agreement or
any matters arising out of his employment or directorship with any of the Enzo Released Parties. Specifically, but without limiting
that general release, he hereby waives any claims for overtime, bonuses, severance or other compensation, back pay, front pay,
unpaid wages, overtime compensation, benefits, discrimination, retaliation, any rights or claims under his employment agreement with
the Company dated as of December 4, 2008, as amended (the Employment Agreement ), any rights or claims regarding the sale
of Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc., as consummated on July 24, 2023, and any other rights or claims that were or could have been asserted
in the Arbitration. This Agreement is intended as a full settlement and compromise of each, every and all claims of every kind and
nature, whether known or unknown, actual or contingent, asserted or unasserted, arising under common law, statutory law or
otherwise; no claim of any sort is reserved and there are no sums or benefits payable to the Weiner Parties by the Enzo Released
Parties other than as set forth in this Agreement. In addition, Weiner agrees that there will be no reinstatement or re-employment
with the Enzo Released Parties and agree not to bring any claim based upon the failure or refusal of any of the Enzo Released
Parties to employ him hereafter. Notwithstanding the terms of this release, the Weiner Parties may be members of any shareholder
derivative class action suit, provided that such Weiner Party is not a named plaintiff in or otherwise commences, maintains,
encourages, initiates, files, or prosecutes such suit, and may receive any payments or benefits that may be due to them as members
of a class pursuant to the terms of the settlement of such suit. 

5. In conformity with the Older Workers Benefit
Protection Act, Weiner acknowledges the following: (i) this Agreement is written in a manner calculated to be understood by Weiner;
(ii) this Agreement represents Weiner's knowing and voluntary waiver and release of any and all claims that Weiner might have
including, but not limited to, any claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (the ADEA''); (iii)
Weiner has not waived any claim under the ADEA that may arise after the date of this Agreement; (iv) the consideration that Weiner
will receive in exchange for this Agreement is something of value to which Weiner is not already entitled; (v) the Company has
advised Weiner to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement and he has done so; (vi) Weiner was provided 21 days to
consider whether to sign this Agreement; (vii) any changes to this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, will not restart that
21-day period; and (viii) Weiner has 7 days following his execution of this Agreement in which to revoke it by written notice of
revocation that must be sent digitally to and received by Matthew Kupferberg, the Company's General Counsel, at mkupferberg@enzo.com ,
no later than the seventh day after Weiner has signed this Agreement. This Agreement will not become effective and enforceable until
the eighth day after Weiner signs this Agreement (if not revoked pursuant to the terms of this paragraph), and such eighth day will
be the Effective Date of this Agreement. 

6. Other than as set
forth in this Agreement, the Enzo Parties, on behalf of themselves, and their successors and assigns, forever waive and release any
and all rights and claims of any kind, which they presently have, had or may have against the Weiner Parties and their past and
present employees, agents, executors, administrators, heirs, successors, and assigns (collectively, the Weiner Released
Parties up to the date of their execution of this Agreement including, without limitation, any and all claims of any kind
relating to any act or omission that occurred prior to their execution of this Agreement or any matters arising out of Weiner's
employment or directorship with any of the Enzo Released Parties. Specifically, but without limiting that general release, the Enzo
Parties hereby waive any rights or claims under Weiner's Employment Agreements and any other rights or claims that were or could
have been asserted in the Arbitration. This Agreement is intended as a full settlement and compromise of each, every and all claims
of every kind and nature, whether known or unknown, actual or contingent, asserted or unasserted, arising under common law,
statutory law or otherwise; no claim of any sort is reserved and there are no sums or benefits payable by Weiner to the Enzo
Parties. Notwithstanding the terms of this release, the Enzo Parties may receive any payments or benefits that may be due to them as
a member of a class pursuant to the terms of the settlement of any shareholder derivative class action suit, provided that such Enzo
Party was not a named plaintiff in or otherwise commenced, maintained, encouraged, initiated, filed, or prosecuted such suit. 

7. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, the releases set forth in paragraphs 4 through 6), this Agreement
does not (i) release any rights to unemployment benefits that Weiner may seek from state unemployment compensation agencies; or (ii) modify,
affect or waive any rights, claims, or agreements relating to any landlord/tenant agreements with respect to the premises located at 60
Executive Boulevard, Farmingdale, New York 11735. 

2 

C. Covenant Not To Sue 

8. The Weiner Parties covenant and agree that
they and their immediate family, successors, and assigns will not now or at any time in the future commence, maintain, encourage,
prosecute or participate in as a party, or permit to be filed by any other person on their behalf or as a member of any alleged
class of persons (not including any shareholder derivative action that may be brought by any shareholder of the Company other than
the Weiner Parties), any action, suit, proceeding, claim or complaint of any kind against any of the Enzo Released Parties with
respect to any matter that is encompassed in the release set forth in paragraph 4. The receipt of any payments or benefits that may
be due to any Weiner Party as a member of a class pursuant to the terms of the settlement of any shareholder derivative class action
suit shall not be a violation of this covenant not to sue, provided that such Weiner Party was not a named plaintiff in or otherwise
commenced, maintained, encouraged, initiated, filed or prosecuted such suit. For any breach of this covenant not to sue, the Enzo
Released Parties shall be entitled to recover their fees and costs (including, without limitation, attorney's fees and costs)
incurred as a result of such breach in addition to any other damages. To the extent that any of the Weiner Parties is subject to a
lawful subpoena, governmental request, court order, or other legal obligation to provide documents or information (a
 Demand in connection with a governmental investigation or lawsuit that is not commenced, maintained, encouraged,
initiated, filed, or prosecuted by any Weiner Party, responding truthfully to such Demand shall not constitute a breach of this
provision. 

9. The Enzo Parties
covenant and agree that they, and their successors assigns, will not now or at any time in the future commence, maintain, encourage,
prosecute or participate in as a party, or permit to be filed by any other person on their behalf or as a member of any alleged
class of persons (not including any shareholder derivative action that may be brought by any shareholder of the Company other than
the members of the Board of Directors), any action, suit, proceeding, claim or complaint of any kind against any of the Weiner
Parties with respect to any matter that is encompassed in the release set forth in paragraph 6. The receipt of any payments or
benefits that may be due to any Enzo Party as a member of a class pursuant to the terms of the settlement of any shareholder
derivative class action suit shall not be a violation of this covenant not to sue, provided that such Enzo Party was not a named
plaintiff in or otherwise commenced, maintained, encouraged, initiated, filed, or prosecuted such suit. For any breach of this
covenant not to sue, the Weiner Parties shall be entitled to recover their fees and costs (including, without limitation, attorney's
fees and costs) incurred as a result of such breach in addition to any other damages. To the extent that any of the Enzo Parties is
subject to a Demand in connection with a governmental investigation or lawsuit that is not commenced, maintained, encouraged,
initiated, filed, or prosecuted by any Enzo Party, responding truthfully to such Demand shall not constitute a breach of this
provision. 

3 

10. Any
Party who breaches paragraph 8 or 9 of this Agreement shall be liable for liquidated damages in the amount of 1,000,000 per violation,
in addition to payment of the fees and costs (including, without limitation, attorney's fees and costs) incurred by reason of such breach.
The Parties stipulate that this amount of liquidated damages is reasonable in light of the difficulty of calculating the actual damages
occasioned by such violation and that these liquidated damages will in no way be construed as a penalty 

D. Non-Disparagement 

11. The
Weiner Parties agree that they will not make any statements (whether oral or written) to any third parties that disparage or reflect negatively
on the Company, its personnel, reputation, business operations, products, policies, or conduct of the Company or any Enzo Released Parties.
This obligation shall not apply to statements made in connection with the performance or enforcement of this Agreement. If any of the
Weiner Parties breaches this paragraph 11 then, in addition to other remedies for such breach, paragraph 12 shall be void with respect
to the breaching Party. 

12. The
Enzo Parties agree that they will not make any statements (whether oral or written) to any third parties that disparage or reflect negatively
upon the Weiner Parties. This obligation shall not apply to statements made in connection with the performance or enforcement of this
Agreement. If any of the Enzo Parties breaches this paragraph 12 then, in addition to other remedies for such breach, paragraph 11 shall
be void with respect to the Company and the breaching Enzo Party. 

13. Nothing
in this Agreement requires any witness to give false or incomplete testimony or prohibits any person or entity from testifying truthfully
in any legal proceeding in which that person or entity is compelled by valid court order or subpoena to give testimony under oath. If
any of the Weiner Parties receives a subpoena or order purporting to compel them testify and/or produce documents in any matter pertaining
to the Company, such Party agrees to promptly notify the Company's Chief Executive Officer and/or General Counsel, permit the Company
the opportunity to challenge, quash, or otherwise curtail or limit such subpoena, and cooperate with the Company's efforts with respect
thereto. If any of the Enzo Parties receives a subpoena or order purporting to compel them testify and/or produce documents in any matter
pertaining to the Weiner Parties, such Party agrees to promptly notify Weiner and/or undersigned counsel for Weiner, pem1it Weiner the
opportunity to challenge, quash, or otherwise curtail or limit such subpoena, and cooperate with the Weiner Parties' efforts with respect
thereto. 

E. Confidential Information/Non-Competition and Shares 

14. Weiner
reaffirms the validity of, and agrees to comply with, his surviving post- employment obligations set forth in Section 6 of his Employment
Agreement. 

15. Enzo
shall promptly cause all restrictive legends to be removed from the shares of Enzo Common Stock held by Weiner and shall otherwise cooperate
with Weiner in the removal of all insider restrictions on any Enzo securities owned by Weiner. 

4 

F. Indemnification 

16. The
Company agrees to indemnify Weiner, subject to applicable law, against all costs, judgments, charges and expenses incurred or sustained
by Weiner in connection with any threatened or filed action, suit, arbitration, or proceeding (each, a Proceeding to which
Weiner may be made a party, or is threatened to be made a party, that is brought by any party (other than the Company or its affiliates),
by reason of any act or omission of Weiner as an employee of the Company that was taken in good faith on behalf of the Company, within
the scope of Weiner's employment, and in compliance with Weiner's contractual duties and the law. Such indemnification shall be subject
to the following: (i) Weiner reasonably cooperates with the Company and its counsel in connection with any matter that is encompassed
within this indemnification; and (2) the Company will have the right to control the defense or settlement of any matter that is encompassed
within this indemnification, including the selection and direction of counsel. The Company shall contemporaneously pay (after receipt
of reasonable documentation), to the maximum extent permitted by law, all reasonable costs, expenses, and attorney's fees actually and
necessarily incurred by Weiner in connection with any Proceeding. Weiner will be required to repay such amounts advanced only if, and
to the extent that, it ultimately is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator that Weiner was not entitled to be
indemnified by the Company. 

G. General Provisions 

17. Each
of the Parties represents and warrants (a) that he, she, and/or it has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement,
to make all of the grants, promises and covenants contained herein, to waive the claims and matters he, she, and/or it has agreed to release
in this Agreement, and to perform all of his, her, and/or its obligations under this Agreement; (b) that the execution of this Agreement
has been duly approved by any and all necessary corporate actions and that the person executing this Agreement on behalf of any corporate
Party is authorized to do so; (c) that this Agreement (assuming due execution and delivery by the other Parties) constitutes the valid
and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms; and (d) that he, she, and/or it has not transferred or
assigned any claim or cause of action which relates to, or is encompassed within, the matters covered by this Agreement and/or which would
violate or otherwise impair the full enforcement of this Agreement. 

18. The
Parties agree that a breach of this Agreement will cause irreparable harm for which there is no adequate remedy at law, and accordingly
each of the Parties expressly waives any contention that there is an adequate remedy at law, or that there is no irreparable harm, or
any like doctrine that might otherwise preclude injunctive relief to enforce this Agreement. 

19. The
terms of this Agreement will be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, administrators,
successors and assigns, including the Company's successors or assigns (including, without limitation, any buyer of Enzo Life Sciences)
and any corporation, partnership or other entity into or with which any Party hereto may merge, consolidate or reorganize. 

5 

20. Weiner
and the Company will comply with Section G of the Stipulation and Order Regarding Confidential Information in the Arbitration with respect
to the return or destruction of documents exchanged during discovery in the Arbitration. 

21. Each
Party shall be responsible for its own fees and costs (including, without limitation, attorney's fees and costs) incurred in connection
with the Arbitration and/or the claims released in Section B of this Agreement. 

22. The
Parties agree than none of the Parties admit to any wrongdoing and that neither their entry into this Agreement nor any action taken by
any Party pursuant to this Agreement is not an admission of any wrongdoing or liability of any kind by any Party or a waiver of any defenses
or any claims or counterclaims that would have been available to that Party. 

23. All
notices, requests, or other communications under this Agreement must be in writing and, except as otherwise set forth herein, must be
given by personal delivery, overnight courier, mailing, or email to the appropriate Party at the addresses below. Unless otherwise notified
in writing, the addresses of the Parties to this Agreement, for the purpose of such notices, requests or communications, are as follows: 

To: Mr. Barry Weiner 

 [redacted] 

With a copy to: 

Evan Farber 

 Loeb Loeb 

 [redacted] 

To: Enzo Biochem, Inc. 

Attn: Matthew Kupferberg, General
Counsel 81 Executive Blvd, Suite 3 

 Farmingdale NY 11735 
With a copy to: 

 Marc Bernstein Paul Hastings LLP 

 [redacted] 

To: Mr. Hamid Erfanian 

 [redacted] 

6 

To: Mr. Bradley Radoff 

 [redacted] 

To: Dr. Mary Tagliaferri 

 [redacted] 

To: Dr. Ian Walters 

[redacted] 

24. This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties with regard to the subject matter herein. Other than
as set forth in paragraphs 7 and 14 of this Agreement, this Agreement supersedes and cancels any prior or contemporaneous understandings,
agreements, or representations by or between the Parties, written or oral, relating to the subject matter herein. The Parties acknowledge
that, in entering into this Agreement, they are not relying on any promises or representations (whether oral or written) other than those
set forth in this Agreement. Any modification or amendment of this Agreement must be made in writing and signed by the Parties. 

25. If
any term or provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any person or circumstances will to any extent be invalid or unenforceable,
the provision at issue shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law, and the remainder of this Agreement, or the application
of such terms to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is invalid or unenforceable, will not be affected thereby, and
each term of this Agreement will be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

26. Any
dispute arising under this Agreement shall be governed by the law of the State of New York, without reference to choice of law rules that
would cause the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. Any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement
shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in the State of New York, County of New York. Each of the Parties irrevocably
submits itself to the jurisdiction of said courts, and said courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any and all claims arising out
of or relating to this Agreement. Each of the Parties hereby irrevocably waives and renounces in advance any right to a trial by jury
in connection with any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 

27. The
Parties warrant that they are fully competent to enter into this Agreement; that they have read this Agreement and fully understand its
meaning; that they have received advice from counsel of their choosing before executing this Agreement; that they knowingly and voluntarily
enter into this Agreement; and that they agree to comply with its terms and conditions. 

28. This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and such counterparts may be obtained by pdf email or Docusign, each of which
taken together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

7 

/s/ Barry Weiner 
 
 10/25/23 

Barry Weiner 
 
 Date 

/s/ Shahla Weiner 
 
 10/25/23 

Shahla Weiner 
 
 Date 

/s/ Roya Weiner 
 
 10/25/23 

Roya Weiner 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jonathan Weiner 
 
 10/25/23 

Jonathan Weiner 
 
 Date 

Enzo Biochem, Inc. 

/s/ Kara Cannon 
 
 10/30/23 

Kara Cannon 
 
 Date 

/s/ Mary Tagliaferri 
 
 10/27/23 

Mary Tagliaferri 
 
 Date 

/s/ Ian Walters 
 
 10/25/23 

Ian Walters 
 
 Date 

/s/ Bradley Radoff 
 
 10/24/23 

Bradley Radoff 
 
 Date 

/s/ Hamid Erfanian 
 
 10/25/23 

Hamid Erfanian 
 
 Date 

8 

</EX-10.Y>

<EX-21>
 6
 f10k2023ex21_enzobio.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

EXHIBIT 21 

List of subsidiaries
of the Company 

Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc., a New York Corporation 

Enzo Life Sciences, Inc., a New York Corporation 

Enzo Life Sciences (ELS) AG, in Lausen,
Switzerland, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enzo Life Sciences, Inc. 

Enzo Therapeutics, Inc., a New York Corporation 

Enzo Realty LLC, a New York Corporation 

Enzo Realty II, LLC, a New York Corporation 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 f10k2023ex23-1_enzobio.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statements of Enzo Biochem, Inc. on Form S-3 (No. 333-271911, 333-272727 and 333-220312) and Form S-8 (Nos. 033-88826, 333-172127, 333-197028, 333-226799, 333-236958, 333-252159 and 333-260894) of our
report dated November 3, 2023, on our audits of the financial statements and financial statement schedule as of July 31, 2023 and
2022 and for each of the years then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about
November 3, 2023. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

EISNERAMPER LLP 

 Iselin, New Jersey 

 November 3, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.A>
 8
 f10k2023ex31a_enzobio.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31 (a) 

CERTIFICATIONS 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enzo Biochem,
Inc. the Company for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof, I, Kara Cannon, Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enzo Biochem,
Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee
of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 3, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Kara Cannon 

Kara Cannon 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 9
 f10k2023ex31b_enzobio.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31 (b) 

CERTIFICATIONS 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enzo Biochem,
Inc. the Company for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof, I, Patricia Eckert, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enzo Biochem,
Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee
of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 3, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Patricia Eckert 

Patricia Eckert 

Interim Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 10
 f10k2023ex32a_enzobio.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32 (a) 

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Enzo Biochem, Inc., and Subsidiaries the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kara Cannon, Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 3, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Kara Cannon 

Kara Cannon 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained
by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Act Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 11
 f10k2023ex32b_enzobio.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32 (b) 

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Enzo Biochem, Inc., and Subsidiaries the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Patricia Eckert, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Patricia Eckert 

Patricia Eckert 

Interim Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906,
or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic
version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Act Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-97.1>
 12
 f10k2023ex97-1_enzobio.htm
 CLAWBACK POLICY

EXHIBIT
97 .1 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. the Company 

Compensation Clawback
Policy 

Effective Date: October 1, 2023 

1. Purpose. The Company has adopted this Policy to comply with
Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as codified by Section 10D of the Exchange Act,
and Section 303A.14 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, which require the recovery of certain forms of executive compensation in the case
of accounting restatements resulting from a material error in an issuer s financial statements or material noncompliance with financial
reporting requirements under the federal securities laws. 

2. Administration. This Policy shall be administered by the Board or, if so designated by the Board, the Compensation Committee,
in which case references herein to the Board shall be deemed references to the Compensation Committee. 

3. Definitions. For purposes of this Policy, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 

(a) Acknowledgement Form shall mean the acknowledgment form attached hereto as Annex A . 

(b) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(c) Commission shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(d) Covered Executive shall mean the Company s current and former executive officers, and such other employees
who may from time to time be deemed subject to this Policy by the Board. For purposes of this Policy, an executive officer means an officer
as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act. 

(e) Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall mean, with respect to each Covered Executive in connection with a Restatement,
the amount of Incentive-based Compensation that exceeds the amount of Incentive-based Compensation that would have been received by the
Covered Executive had it been determined based on the restated amounts, without regard to any taxes paid by the Covered Executive. 

(f) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(g) Financial Reporting Measures shall mean measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting
principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures.
Stock price and total shareholder return shall also constitute Financial Reporting Measures. A Financial Reporting Measure
need not be presented within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the Commission. 

(h) Incentive-based Compensation shall mean any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in
part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. Incentive-based Compensation shall be deemed to have been received during the
fiscal period in which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-based Compensation award is attained, even if such Incentive-based
Compensation is paid or granted after the end of such fiscal period. For the avoidance of doubt, Incentive-based Compensation does not
include annual salary, compensation awarded based on completion of a specified period of service, or compensation awarded based on subjective
standards, strategic measures, or operational measures. 

1 

(i) NYSE shall mean the New York Stock Exchange 

(j) Policy shall mean this compensation clawback policy, as may be amended or restated from time to time. 

(k) Restatement shall mean an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance by the Company with any financial
reporting requirement under the federal securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously
issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement
if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 

(l) Restatement Date shall be the earlier of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or officer(s) are
authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required
to prepare a Restatement or (ii) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement. 

4. Effective Date. This Policy shall be effective as of the date
set forth above and shall apply to Incentive-based Compensation that is approved, awarded, or granted to Covered Executives on or after
that date. 

5. Scope. This Policy applies to all Incentive-based Compensation
received by the Covered Executives (i) after beginning service as an executive officer, (ii) who served as an executive officer at any
time during the performance period for such Incentive-based Compensation, (iii) while the Company had a class of securities listed on
a national securities exchange or a national securities association and (iv) during the three (3) completed fiscal years immediately preceding
a Restatement Date. In addition to these last three (3) completed fiscal years, the Policy applies to any transition period that results
from a change in the Company s fiscal year within or immediately following those three (3) completed fiscal years, provided, however,
that a transition period between the last day of the Company s previous fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year
that comprises a period of nine (9) to twelve (12) months would be deemed a completed fiscal year for purposes of this Policy. For the
avoidance of doubt, the Company s obligation to recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not dependent on if or when the restated
financial statements are filed. 

6. Recovery. In the event the Company is required to prepare a
Restatement, the Company shall, as promptly as reasonably possible, recover any Erroneously Awarded Compensation received by a Covered
Executive during the three (3) completed fiscal years immediately preceding the Restatement Date. For Incentive-based Compensation based
on stock price or total shareholder return, the Board shall determine the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on a reasonable
estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-based Compensation was
received and the Company shall document such reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to NYSE. 

2 

Subsequent changes in a Covered Executive s employment
status, including retirement or termination of employment, do not affect the Company s rights to recover Incentive-based Compensation
pursuant to this Policy. 

The Board shall determine, in its sole discretion, the method
of recovering any Incentive-based Compensation pursuant to this Policy. Such methods may include, but are not limited to: (i) direct recovery
by reimbursement; (ii) set-off against future compensation; (iii) forfeiture of equity awards; (iv) set-off or cancelation against planned
future awards; (v) forfeiture of deferred compensation (subject to compliance with the Internal Revenue Code and related regulations);
and/or (vi) any other recovery action approved by the Board and permitted under applicable law. 

7. Impracticability. The Board shall recover any Erroneously Awarded
Compensation in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable, as determined by the Board or a committee of
the Board in accordance with Rule 10D-1 under the Exchange Act and the listing standards of NYSE. 

8. No Indemnification. The Company shall not indemnify any current
or former Covered Executive against the loss of Erroneously Awarded Compensation, and shall not pay, or reimburse any Covered Executives,
for any insurance policy to fund such executive s potential recovery obligations. 

9. Acknowledgment. Each Covered Executive shall sign and return to the Company, within 30 calendar days following the later of
(i) the effective date of this Policy first set forth above or (ii) the date the individual becomes a Covered Executive, the Acknowledgement
Form, pursuant to which the Covered Executive agrees to be bound by, and to comply with, the terms and conditions of this Policy. 

10. Amendment and Interpretation. The Board may amend this Policy
from time to time in its discretion, and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect the regulations adopted by the Commission
and to comply with any rules or standards adopted by NYSE or such other national securities exchange on which the Company s securities
are then listed. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of
the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the Commission and NYSE, or such other national securities exchange
on which the Company s securities are then listed. 

11. Other Recoupment Rights. This Policy shall be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Board may require that any employment
agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement entered into on or after the effective date shall require a Covered Executive
to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy as a condition to the grant of any benefit. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is
in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights of recoupment or remedies that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms
of any employment agreement, equity award agreement, similar agreement, or policy and any other legal remedies available to the Company. 

12. Successors. This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their administrators, beneficiaries,
executors, heirs, or other legal representatives. 

13. Venue. All actions arising out of or relating to this Policy shall be brought and determined exclusively in the state courts
of the State of New York or, in the event that such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction over such action, in any state or
federal court within the State of New York. 

14. Governing Law. This Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York,
without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction). 

3 

Annex A 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

COMPENSATION CLAWBACK
POLICY 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
FORM 

By signing below, the undersigned acknowledges and
confirms that the undersigned has received and reviewed a copy of the Enzo Biochem, Inc. (the Company Compensation
Clawback Policy (the Policy ). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Acknowledgement Form (this Acknowledgement
Form shall have the meanings set forth in the Policy. 

By signing this Acknowledgement Form, the undersigned
acknowledges and agrees that the undersigned is and will continue to be subject to the Policy and that the Policy will apply both during
and after the undersigned s employment with the Company. Further, by signing below, the undersigned agrees to abide by the terms
of the Policy, including, without limitation, by returning any Incentive-based Compensation subject to recovery under the Policy to the
Company to the extent required by, and in a manner consistent with, the Policy. 

Signature 

Print Name 

Date 

4 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 enz-20230731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 enz-20230731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 enz-20230731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 enz-20230731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 enz-20230731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

