<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231017_10-K_edgar_data_1750777_0001477932-23-007680.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3853065</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112590</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>798681</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>834320</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>887215</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1137060</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-007680.hdr.sgml : 20231017
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231016204650
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-007680
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231017
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231016

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hawkeye Systems, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001750777
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHOTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3861]
		IRS NUMBER:				830799093
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56332
		FILM NUMBER:		231328299

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6605 ABERCORN
		STREET 2:		SUITE 204
		CITY:			SAVANNAH
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31405
		BUSINESS PHONE:		912-388-6720

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6605 ABERCORN
		STREET 2:		SUITE 204
		CITY:			SAVANNAH
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31405

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-007680.txt : 20231017

10-K
 1
 hwke_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

hwke_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark one) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Year Ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________ to __________ Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices (Zip Code) ) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Ex- change Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was on the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2023 of 0.24 per share. The number of shares of registrant s common stock outstanding as of October 13, 2023 was . TABLE OF CONTENTS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS PART I Item 1. Business. 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 8 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 8 Item 2. Properties. 8 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 8 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 8 Part II Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 9 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 10 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 10 Item 7A. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 12 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data. F-1 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 13 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 13 Item 9B. Other Information. 13 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 14 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 15 Item 12. Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 19 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 19 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 21 Part IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 22 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION This annual report on Form 10-K, the other reports, statements, and information that we have previously filed or that we may subsequently file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, and public announcements that we have previously made or may subsequently make include, may include, incorporate by reference or may incorporate by reference certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are intended to enjoy the benefits of that act. Unless the context is otherwise, the forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K and those reports, statements, information and announcements address activities, events or developments that Hawkeye Systems, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as we, us, our, our Company or Hawkeye expects or anticipates, will or may occur in the future. Any statements in this document about expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may, should, could, predict, potential, believe, will likely result, expect, will continue, anticipate, seek, estimate, intend, plan, projection, would and outlook, and similar expressions. Accordingly, these statements involve estimates, assumptions, and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this document. All forward-looking statements concerning economic conditions, rates of growth, rates of income or values as may be included in this document are based on information available to us on the dates noted, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. It is important to note that our actual results may differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements due to fluctuations in interest rates, inflation, government regulations, economic conditions and competitive product and pricing pressures in the geographic and business areas in which we conduct operations, including our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and other factors discussed elsewhere in this Report. Certain risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations and cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us, and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. The risks and uncertainties we currently face are not the only ones we face. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. There may be additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial to our business. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. If any such risks occur, our business, operating results, liquidity and financial condition could be materially affected in an adverse manner. Under such circumstances, you may lose all or part of your investment. The industry and market data contained in this report are based either on our management s own estimates or, where indicated, independent industry publications, reports by governmental agencies or market research firms or other published independent sources and, in each case, are believed by our management to be reasonable estimates. However, industry and market data is subject to change and cannot always be verified with complete certainty due to limits on the availability and reliability of raw data, the voluntary nature of the data gathering process and other limitations and uncertainties inherent in any statistical survey of market shares. We have not independently verified market and industry data from third-party sources. In addition, consumption patterns and customer preferences can and do change. As a result, you should be aware that market share, ranking and other similar data set forth herein, and estimates and beliefs based on such data, may not be verifiable or reliable. 3 Table of Contents Item 1. Description of Business General We were incorporated on May 15, 2018 in the State of Nevada. We are currently pursuing opportunities to invest in, acquire, merge or consolidate with a target business participating in diversified industries, such as affordable housing development, and technology applications to mitigate the effects of climate change. Our previous focus was on pandemic management products and services. Our business office is located at 6605 Abercorn, Suite 204, Savannah, GA 31405. Our telephone number is 912-388-6720 and our website is www.hawkeyesystemsinc.com. Business Description From inception and until July of 2021, the Company focused on selling personal protective equipment PPE ). In July 2021, the Company s management determined to cease the Company s operations as a seller of PPE, deeming that continuing operations in that sector was not a productive use of the Company s resources. Our current business plan is to acquire, merge or consolidate with another company (a target business ). We intend to use capital stock, debt or a combination of these to effect a business combination with a target business with significant growth potential. We will not restrict our search for target businesses to any particular industry. Rather, we may investigate businesses of essentially any kind or nature and participate in any type of industry that may, in our management s opinion, meet our business objectives as described in this annual report. We emphasize that the description in this report of our business objectives is extremely general and is not meant to restrict the discretion of our management to search for and enter into potential business opportunities. We have identified the modular construction industry and targeted North America s housing shortage in the single-family and multi-family homes. We have not conducted any market studies with respect to this industry. To the extent we enter into a business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stage of development or growth, including entities without established records of sales or earnings, we will become subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. In addition, to the extent that we effect a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, we will become subject to the currently unascertainable risks of that industry. An extremely high level of risk frequently characterizes certain industries that experience rapid growth. In addition, although we will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular industry or target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. Sources of target businesses We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including securities broker-dealers, investment bankers, venture capitalists, bankers, and other members of the financial community, who may present solicited or unsolicited proposals. Our officers and directors and their affiliates may also bring to our attention target business candidates. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage such firms in the future, in which event, we may pay a finder s fee or other compensation for such introductions if they result in consummated transactions. These fees are customarily between 5 and 25 of the size of the overall transaction, based upon a sliding scale of the amount involved and a variety of other factors. 4 Table of Contents Selection of a target business and structuring of a business combination Our management will have significant flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management will consider, among other factors, the following: the financial condition and results of operation of the target; the growth potential of the target and that of the industry in which the target operates; the experience and skill of the target s management and availability of additional personnel; the capital requirements of the target; the competitive position of the target; the stage of development that the target s products, processes, or services are at; the degree of current or potential market acceptance of the target s products, processes, or services; proprietary features and the degree of intellectual property or other protection of the target s products, processes, or services; the regulatory environment of the industry in which the target operates; the prospective equity interest in, and opportunity for control of, the target; and the costs associated with effecting the business combination. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in connection with effecting a business combination consistent with our business objective. In connection with our evaluation of a prospective target business, we anticipate that we will conduct an extensive due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial or other information that will be made available to us. We will endeavor to structure a business combination to achieve the most favorable tax treatment to us, the target business and both companies stockholders. We cannot assure you, however, that the Internal Revenue Service or appropriate state tax authority will agree with our tax treatment of the business combination. Until we are presented with a specific opportunity for a business combination, we are unable to ascertain with any degree of certainty the time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination. We have two full-time employees devoting their time to our affairs. Any costs incurred in connection with the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital otherwise available to complete a business combination. Limited ability to evaluate the target business management Although we intend to scrutinize the management of a prospective target business before effecting a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of the target s management will prove to be correct, especially considering the possible inexperience of our officers and directors in evaluating certain types of businesses. In addition, we cannot assure you that the target s future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications, or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our officers and directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following a business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs after a business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the target business. We may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you, however, that we will be able to recruit additional managers who have the requisite skills, knowledge, or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 5 Table of Contents Investment Company Act The Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any issuer which is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities. We may participate in a business or opportunity by purchasing, trading, or selling the securities of a business. However, as we do not intend to engage primarily in these activities, we believe that we do not fall under the Investment Company Act s definition of investment company, and we do not intend to register the Company as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We do not believe that registration under the Investment Company Act is required based upon our proposed activities. We intend to conduct our activities so as to avoid being classified as an investment company and avoid application of the costly and restrictive registration and other provisions of the Investment Company Act and its regulations. The Investment Company Act may, however, also be deemed to be applicable to a company that does not intend to be characterized as an investment company but that, nevertheless, engages in activities that may be deemed to be within the definition and scope of certain provisions of the Investment Company Act. While we do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to regulation under the Investment Company Act, we cannot assure you that we will not be deemed to be an investment company, especially during the period prior to a business combination. In the event we are deemed to be an investment company, we may become subject to certain restrictions relating to our activities and regulatory burdens, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and the issuance of securities, and have imposed upon us certain requirements, including: registration as an investment company; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and compliance with certain burdensome reporting, recordkeeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. In the event we are characterized as an investment company, we would be required to comply with these additional regulatory burdens, which would require additional expense. Intellectual Property The Company currently does not own any intellectual property, and directly acquiring the intellectual property of a third party is not part of our current strategy. Regulation In our current business we are subject to local, state, federal and foreign governmental laws and regulations. Upon completion of an acquisition, we may have significant additional regulation based on the nature of the business. Investment in HIE LLC On July 17, 2020, the Company entered into a membership agreement with Eagle Equities LLC Eagle and Ikon Supplies Ikon for the purpose of procuring, funding the purchase of and sale of PPE (the Membership Agreement ). To pursue this objective, the parties agreed to form a Nevada limited liability company, HIE, LLC HIE ). According to the terms and conditions of the Membership Agreement, HIE would be terminated and dissolved upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the sale of HIE s interest in the procurement, financing, transportation, sale and disposition of PPE; (ii) the refusal or inability of any party to comply with the requirements, obligations or stipulations of the Membership Agreement; (iii) the unanimous agreement of the parties; or (iv) the order of a court of competent jurisdiction. Eagle, Ikon and the Company would participate each in 33 of any net profits generated by HIE. Eagle contributed to HIE by providing and arranging to procure a loan (the Origination Loan ), sufficient to cover all capital needed for each PPE purchase (a Deal and additional funds, as needed, to cover additional expenses towards the costs of goods Additional Contribution ). The Company contributed by assigning its agreement to purchase gloves and agreed to issue convertible promissory notes to Eagle to secure the Origination Loan and any Additional Contribution. The parties agreed to pay an equal portion of all administrative expenses incurred by HIE. In the event of a loss of capital, all parties would contribute to repay the Origination Loan and Additional Contribution with each paying 33.3 of the loss. 6 Table of Contents The proceeds of each Deal shall be first distributed to Eagle, as repayment for any Additional Contribution. The next proceeds will be allocated to the repayment of the Origination Loan. After the Origination Loan is repaid, net proceeds will be distributed as follows: (i) Eagle shall receive the greater of 0.25 per box of gloves or 33.3 of the net proceeds. If net proceeds are more than 0.25, but less than 0.75 per box, once the first 0.25 is paid to Eagle, the Company and Ikon will share in the remaining profits equally. If the net profits are more than 0.75 per box, all the parties will receive 33.3 of the net profits. Net losses shall be allocated between the parties which each being allocated 33.3 . HIE is managed by a manager appointed by the parties in accordance with a policy established by the policy committee. Each of the Company and Ikon will have 25 votes in the policy committee and Eagle will have 50 votes. HIE has no activities and has been wound up in fiscal year 2023. The Company has recorded a net gain/loss of 0 and a net gain of 59,208 during fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively, of which the Company has recorded a gain/loss on investment of 0 and a gain on investment of 19,736, in fiscal year ended of June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Investment in CNTNR USA, Inc. On February 27, 2023, the Company as Lender and CNTNR USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation CNTNR ), as Borrower executed a promissory note (the Original CNTNR Note ). CNTNR borrowed 200,000 from the Company under the Original CNTNR Note. On April 6, 2023, the Company as Lender and CNTNR as Borrower executed a restated promissory note (the Restated Note ). The principal amount of the Restated Note is 1,000,000, accruing annual interest at a rate of 12 , the Restated Note takes into account the 200,000 borrowed under the Original CNTNR Note. The maturity date of the Restated Note is: (i) the closing of a material debt or equity financing by CNTNR; or (ii) September 30, 2023, whichever occurs first. The Restated Note includes warrant coverage of one warrant issued for every one share of CNTNR issued in repayment of the principal amount of the Restated Note. The warrants shall be exercised with a 30 discount over the fair market value of the shares of CNTNR and expire 36 months after April 6, 2023. Pursuant to the terms of the Restated Note, CNTNR paid a commitment fee to the Company equivalent to 5 of the principal amount of the Restated Note; and a consulting fee of 5,000 per month, beginning on March 1, 2023. Upon maturity of the Restated Note, CNTNR shall pay all principal and interest due under the Restated Note and issued the equivalent of 10 of its issued and outstanding shares to the Company. If CNTNR defaults on repayment at maturity, then it shall issue 15 of its issued and outstanding shares to the Company. Warrant coverage applies over the shares issued at repayment, either over 10 of CNTNR s outstanding shares if the Restated Note is repaid on or before its maturity date, or 15 of CNTNR's outstanding shares if the Borrower is in default. To fund the Company s investment in CNTNR, the Company and Steve Hall, a Company shareholder holding 37 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock, executed a promissory note on March 29, 2023 (the Hall Note ). The principal amount under the Hall Note was 1,000,000, accruing interest at a rate of 12 per year. The maturity date of the Hall Note was: (i) the closing of a debt financing, or (ii) May 31, 2023, whichever occurs first. At the maturity date, the Company shall pay Steve Hall all accrued principal and interest under the Hall Note, and transfer to Steve Hall 90 of the shares of CNTNR issued to the Company and 90 of the warrants issued under the Restated Note. As on the date of this report, the Company and Steve Hall are currently working towards a restructuring of the Hall Note. Company Policies The Company has adopted the following policies: (i) code of conduct policy; (ii) information security policy; and (iii) public company communication policy. Employees The Company currently has no employees. 7 Table of Contents Legal Proceedings The Company is not currently a party to any material legal proceedings and is not aware of any material threatened litigation. Offices Our current executive offices are provided by the management of the Company. We do not pay any rent, and there is no agreement to pay any rent in the future. Item 1A. Risk Factors. We are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments We are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. Item 2. Properties. We own no properties related to our operations. We operate from business offices provided by our executive officers. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are not aware of any legal proceedings contemplated by any governmental authority or any other party involving us or our properties. As of the date of this report, no director, officer, or affiliate is (i) a party adverse to us in any legal proceeding, or (ii) has an adverse interest to us in any legal proceedings. We are not aware of any other legal proceedings pending or that have been threatened against us or our properties. From time to time the Company may be named in claims arising in the ordinary course of business. Currently, no legal proceedings or claims, other than those disclosed above, are pending against or involve the Company that, in the opinion of management, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable 8 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol HWKE . On June 12, 2019, the Company obtained clearance to trade on OTC Markets and on September 12, 2019, the Company s stock began trading on the OTCQB market maintained by OTC Markets. Quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. The closing sale price of our common stock on October 13, 2023 was 0.17 per share. Below is a table indicating the range of high and low closing price information for the common stock as reported by the OTC Markets Group for the periods listed. These prices do not necessarily reflect actual transactions. High Low Quarter ended June 30, 2023 0.35 0.35 Quarter ended March 31, 2023 0.12 0.12 Quarter ended December 31, 2022 0.21 0.18 Quarter ended September 30, 2022 0.22 0.22 Quarter ended June 30, 2022 0.28 0.25 Holders As of October 13, 2023, there were approximately 41 record holders of our common stock. This does not include the holders of our common stock who held their shares in street name as of that date. Dividends We have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future but rather intend to retain future earnings, if any, for reinvestment in our future business. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be in compliance with our contractual obligations and otherwise at the discretion of the board of directors and based upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the board of directors deems relevant. Transfer Agent Our registrar and transfer agent is VStock Transfer, LLC. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Restricted Common Stock Steve Hall On April 6, 2020, and December 15, 2020, the Company issued two convertible notes payable of 250,000 each to Steve Hall. Both notes have one year term with simple interest at 10 per annum if repaid within 90 days, and simple interest at 20 per annum thereafter. At the option of holder, this note is convertible at any time which is six months from the date of issuance through that date which is one year from the date of issuance at a conversion price of 0.25 per share. In consideration for the loans, the Company also granted to the Lender 200,000 stock options exercisable at 0.25 for a two-year term. The options vested upon issuance. On November 2, 2021, the Company issued 160,000 shares of common stock for cashless exercise of 200,000 shares of stock option. Both notes and the accrued interests totaling 594,344 have been converted on September 1, 2021, and issued on July 28, 2022 for the aggregate total of 16,666,667 shares of common stock. On February 9, 2023, the 16,666,667 shares of common stock were reduced to 1,666,667 shares to reflect the 1-for-10 reverse stock split. Restricted Common Stock - Richard Cutler On May 23, 2022, the Company granted 500,000 shares of restricted common stock as compensation to Richard Cutler, a director until August 11, 2022. The shares were valued at 20,000 and were granted in lieu of cash compensation, contingent upon completion of an acquisition or reverse takeover. The 500,000 shares were issued on February 10, 2023, and later 450,000 shares were cancelled on June 15, 2023 due to the recognition of the Company s reversed stock split. See further discussion on Note 13 Reversed Stock Split to the Financial Statements . Restricted Common Stock - Christopher Mulgrew On May 23, 2022, the Company granted 250,000 shares of restricted common stock as compensation to Christopher Mulgrew, the Company s Chief Financial Officer. The shares were valued at 10,000 and were granted in lieu of cash compensation, contingent upon completion of an acquisition or reverse takeover. The stocks were issued on February 10, 2023, and later 225,000 shares were cancelled on June 15, 2023 due to the recognition of the reverse stock split. See further discussion on Note 13 Reversed Stock Split to the Financial Statements . 9 Table of Contents On April 9, 2023, the Company granted 500,000 shares of restricted common stock with a fair market value of 0.142 per share to Christopher Mulgrew, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, as performance bonus for calendar years 2021 and 2022, and recognizing that Mr. Mulgrew agreed to defer a significant portion of contractually obligated compensation payments. The shares were issued on April 24, 2023 in the amount of 71,000. Restricted Common Stock - Corby Marshall On February 9, 2023, the Company granted 750,000 shares of restricted common stock at the fair market value of 0.142 per share to Corby Marshall, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, as performance bonus for calendar years 2021 and 2022, and recognizing that Mr. Marshall agreed to defer a significant portion of contractually obligated compensation payments. The shares were issued on April 24, 2023 in the amount of 106,500. Common Stock issued for Rounding On February 22, 2023, the Company issued 139 shares of common stock for rounding to reflect the 1 for 10 reverse stock splits. See further discussion on Note 13 Reversed Stock Split to the Financial Statements. Item 6. Selected Financial Data. Not applicable. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion relates to the historical operations and financial statements of Hawkeye Systems, Inc. for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. Forward-Looking Statements The following Management s Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report. The Management s Discussion and Analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. When used, the words believe, plan, intend, anticipate, target, estimate, expect, and the like, and/or future-tense or conditional constructions will, may, could, should, etc.), or similar expressions, identify certain of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this annual report. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, those specifically addressed under the heading Risks Factors in our various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this annual report. The Company is currently looking for investment opportunities into target businesses in diversified industries, such as affordable housing development, and technology applications to mitigate the effects of climate change. From the date of our previous filing, we entered into a convertible promissory note with CNTNR providing them with 1,000,000 in financing, as described in Notes 8 and 10 to the Financial Statements. Financial Condition and Results of Operations We have incurred recurring losses to date. Our financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue our operations. 10 Table of Contents We expect we will require additional capital to develop our business plan. We expect to raise additional capital through, among other things, the sale of equity or debt securities. Results of Operations Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 The Company had 0 operating revenues for both fiscal years of 2023 and 2022 after the Company ceased operations of its PPE business in July 2021. The Company generated from CNTNR a total of 70,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023 in other income, of which 20,000 was generated for consulting fees, and 50,000 for financing arrangement fee. See further discussion on Note 10 Note receivable to the Financial Statements . During our fiscal year 2023, total operating expenses were 1,118,537 compared to 1,230,468 for the same period in 2022. The decrease in operating expenses is primarily a result of a decrease in Selling, General, and Administrative expenses due to company downsizing. The Company s net loss was 1,226,311 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 compared to net loss of 1,288,802 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The net losses are primarily a result of operating expenses, and interest expenses. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our cash balance at June 30, 2023 was 143,861 compared to 325 at June 30, 2022. We do not believe these cash reserves are sufficient to cover our expenses for our operations for the next 12 months. We will require additional funding for our ongoing operations. As of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, we received 260,000, from a line of credit from a related party, and an additional 1,000,000 from a promissory note issued by a related party. During our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued common stock valued at 624,344 in connection with settlement of stock payable, which included 594,344 associated with the settlement of a convertible promissory note with Steve Hall, and 30,000 related to settlement of compensation due to Richard Cutler for 20,000, and Christopher Mulgrew for 10,000. In addition, we intend to raise funds through the sale of equity and debt securities. If we cannot raise any additional financing prior to the expiration of the first quarter of 2024, we believe we will be able to obtain loans from management in the future, if necessary, but have no agreement in writing. We are a smaller reporting company and have accumulated losses to date. Under a limited operations scenario to maintain our corporate existence, we believe we will require additional funds over the next 12 months to complete our regulatory reporting and filings. However, we will require maximum participation through private placements, or alternative financing to implement our business plan. There are no assurances that we will be able to obtain further funds required for our continued operations. Even if additional financing is available, it may not be available on terms we find favorable. Failure to secure the needed additional financing will have an adverse effect on our ability to remain in business. Plan of Operation and Funding We expect that working capital requirements will continue to be funded through equity offerings, warrant exercises, and related party advances in the near future. We have no guarantees or firm commitments that the related party advances will continue in the near future. Existing working capital, further advances, together with anticipated capital raises are expected to be adequate to fund our operations over the next twelve months, but there is no guarantee that we will be successful in raising enough capital, or that we will receive the cash flow required to fund our operations. We have no lines of credit with banking institutions or other bank financing arrangements, we do have a line of credit form a related party (see Note 7 to the Financial Statements). Generally, we have financed operations to date through proceeds from convertible loans. 11 Table of Contents Additional issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to continue our operations. Material Commitments As of the date of this annual report, we have entered into various commitments on loan obligations. For a discussion of the related items, please see Notes 5 to 10 to the Financial Statements. Purchase of Significant Equipment We do not intend to purchase any significant equipment during the next twelve months. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of the date of this annual report, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. Going Concern As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately 12,108,487 at June 30, 2023 and net loss from operations of 1,118,537. The Company does not yet have a history of financial stability. Historically, the principal source of liquidity has been the issuance of equity securities, proceeds from convertible loans, and related party advances. In addition, the Company is in the development stage and has accumulated losses since inception. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue operations is dependent on the success of Management s plans and raising of capital through the issuance of equity securities, until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. The Company will require additional funding to finance its operations as well as to identify, negotiate and materialize a business combination with a target business. The Company believes its current available cash may be insufficient to meet its cash needs for the near future. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates For a discussion of our accounting policies and related items, please see the Notes to the Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. Not applicable. 12 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Contents Part 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 5041) F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-3 Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-4 Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-5 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-6 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders and the board of directors of Hawkeye Systems, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Hawkeye Systems, Inc. as of June 30, 2022, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /S/ BF Borgers CPA PC BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 5041) We have served as the Company's auditor from 2018 to 2023 Lakewood, CO December 14, 2022 F-2 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders and the board of directors of Hawkeye Systems, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Hawkeye Systems, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2023, the related statement of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Explanatory Paragraph - Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, during the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company had a net loss of 1,226,311 and an accumulated deficit of 12,108,487. The Company has not established sufficient revenue to cover its operating costs and will require additional capital to continue its operating plan. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Reliant CPA PC Served as Auditor since 2023 October 5, 2023 F-3 Table of Contents HAWKEYE SYSTEMS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS June 30, June 30, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Interest receivable Loan receivable Total current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities related party Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Convertible note payable, net of discount - related party Accrued interest related party Line of credit related party Promissory note payable related party Common stock payable - related party Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Loan payable due to Eagle - JV partner Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Stockholders deficit: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders deficit Total liabilities and stockholders deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents HAWKEYE SYSTEMS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Operating expenses: General and administrative Management compensation Professional fees Professional fees - related party Marketing Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income and (expense): Other income PPP loan forgiveness Interest income Interest expense - related party Gain on investment in HIE Total other income and (expense) Net loss Net loss per common share - basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents HAWKEYE SYSTEMS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Additional Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance, June 30, 2021 Restated) Cumulative-effect adjustment from adoption of ASU 2020-06 - (169,354 120,287 (49,067 Common stock issued for settlement of account payable Stock based compensation options - - Stock option cashless exercised - Common stock issued for common stock payable Net loss - Balance, June 30, 2022 Common stock issued for common stock payable Common stock issued for compensation Stock based compensation options - Shares issued for rounding to reflect the 1 for 10 reverse stock split 139 - - Net loss Balance, June 30, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents HAWKEYE SYSTEMS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: PPP loan forgiveness Stock based compensation options and warrant Common stock issued for services Change in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expense Interest receivable Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities related party Accrued interest - related party Common stock payable -- related party Net cash used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Gain on investment in HIE Loans advanced to CNTNR Net cash used in investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Net proceeds from promissory note related party Net proceeds from line of credit related party Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash Cash beginning of period Cash end of period Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Common stock issued for settlement of accounts payable Common stock issued in exchanged for common stock payable -related party Replacement of Inventory financing payable to convertible note Debt forgiveness Stock option cashless exercise The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents HAWKEYE SYSTEMS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 Use of estimates Cash and as cash equivalents as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Financial instruments Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts F-8 Table of Contents Fair value measurements Convertible financial instruments Common stock purchase warrants and derivative financial instruments Beneficial conversion feature F-9 Table of Contents Revenue recognition Cost of sales Related parties Commitments and contingencies Basic and diluted earnings per share Options Convertible notes Total possible dilutive shares F-10 Table of Contents reverse stock split that became effective on February 9, 2023. See further discussion on Note 13 stock reverse split. Stock-based compensation of stock-based compensation awards were vested in September 2022. Restricted Shares Granted for Compensation On April 09, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock in the amount of to Christopher Mulgrew, the CFO, and shares of common stock in the amount of to Corby Marshall, the CEO, as a performance bonus, respectively. On June 15, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock in the amount of to Christopher Mulgrew, the CFO, and shares of common stock in the amount of to Richard Cutler, a member of the Company s board of directors who resigned on August 19, 2022, as a performance bonus, respectively. These two instances were recorded as common stock payable as of June 30, 2022. Reclassifications F-11 Table of Contents . As of June 30, 2023, the Company had an accumulated deficit of . The Company has not established sufficient revenue to cover its operating costs and will require additional capital to continue its operating plan. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plan to obtain such resources for the Company include: sales of equity instruments; traditional financing, such as loans; and obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimum operating expenses. However, management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing this plan. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition, profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues received from business operations. However, there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. F-12 Table of Contents , and the loan balance payable to joint venture partner Eagle totaled , unchanged for two years. million to the Company. . In June 2021 the Company cancelled the contemplated purchase of inventory and returned to Mr. Hall. Mr. Hall agreed to allow the Company to retain the balance to fund future purchases and general operating expenses. On October 1, 2021, the Company and Steve Hall entered into a restated and amended promissory note, to consolidate and restate the terms pursuant to which Steve Hall had provided funds to the Company (the Consolidated Note ). The Consolidated Notes consolidated and restated the terms of advances made on . Principal and interest due under the line of credit extended pursuant to the Consolidated Note shall be added to the principal amount due under the Consolidated Note and shall be payable pursuant to the same terms. The line of credit is due and payable on the Due Date unless extended. At the option of holder, the Consolidated Note is convertible, at any time, into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share. The Consolidated Note s Due Date was extended to September 30, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, and 2022, the accrued interest under the Consolidated Note was , and , and the principal balance was at the end of both years, respectively. thereafter. All principal disbursed under the line of credit will accrue interest, and be payable on the same terms as principal due under the Consolidated Note (see Note 6). The line of credit expired on . Subsequently, the line of credit has been renewed and extended with same terms and a new maturity date of October 1, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, and 2022, the outstanding principal of the line of credit totaled , and with accrued interest of , and , respectively. , as evidenced by a promissory note with an annual interest rate of per year (the Steve Hall Note ). The purpose of the Steve Hall Note was to provide the Company with a funding source to make a follow-on investment in CNTNR USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation CNTNR ). On May 31, 2023 (or upon the closing of a debt financing), the Company will repay the outstanding principal balance of the Hall Note to Steve Hall and transfer to him 90 of the shares of CNTNR, issued by CNTNR to the Company pursuant to the Company s investment in CNTNR, plus 90 of the CNTNR Warrants as described below in Note 10 - Note Receivable. F-13 Table of Contents with accrued interest of . This note is past its maturity date. The Company is currently working with Mr. Hall to restructure the note and extend its maturity date. from Central National Gottesman, Inc., on a sale of face masks on behalf of Steve Hall, a shareholder of Hawkeye Systems, Inc. As of June 30, 2023, the deposits remain with the Company and have not been sent to Mr. Hall. In addition, there are no fixed repayment terms or any repayment arrangement on this accrued liability. to CNTNR (the CNTNR Note ). Subsequently, on April 6, 2023, the Company and CNTNR amended and restated the CNTNR Note (the Amended CNTNR Note ). In the Amended CNTNR Note, the Company agreed to lend CNTNR the total principal amount of Principal Amount with a commitment fee equivalent to of the Principal Amount. CNTNR further agreed to pay the Company a monthly consulting fee of beginning on March 1, 2023 that will continue until the Principal Amount is repaid. The balance of the consulting fee is recorded as an accounts receivable. As of June 30, 2023, the accounts receivable has a zero balance. The Amended CNTNR Note has an annual interest rate of and matures at the earlier of , or the closing of a material debt or equity financing. Upon maturity of the Amended CNTNR Note, CNTNR will pay to the Company all outstanding Principal Amount and interest, plus any outstanding consulting fee and issue the Company 10 of the issued and outstanding shares of CNTNR (equivalent to shares). Moreover, the Amended CNTNR Note includes warrant coverage of one warrant for every share issued in repayment of the Principal Amount at the closing of an intended merger with CNTNR which is equal to 6,170,879 warrants. . Both the shares and warrant shares have not been issued as of June 30, 2023 and will be recorded at fair value as financing income upon issuance at settlement. As the interest is calculated on the total balance of the available loan of starting on the date of the first transfer on February 28, 2023, the CNTNR Note and the Amended CNTNR Note have accrued interest of with an outstanding principal of as of year ended June 30, 2023. shares (it was 500,000 shares prior to the reverse stock split described in Note 13) of restricted common stock valued at , with an exercise price of per share. The shares were granted as consideration for services granted. All shares are restricted until an acquisition or reverse takeover of the Company. On May 23, 2022, the board of directors granted Chris Mulgrew, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, shares (it was 250,000 shares prior to the reverse stock split described in Note 13) of restricted common stock, valued at with an exercise price of per share. The shares were granted as consideration for services granted. All shares are restricted until an acquisition or reverse takeover of the Company. As of June 30, 2023, and 2022, the Company reported common stock payable-related party of and , which represents zero, and (it was shares prior to the stock reverse split) shares of common stock to be issued, respectively. F-14 Table of Contents shares of common stock valued at associated with the settlement of two convertible notes to Steve Hall in aggregate amount of and accrued interest of . Issued shares of common stock valued due to round up shares on stock reverse split. See Note 13 for further discussion. Issued shares of common stock for compensation of to Christopher Mulgrew, the CFO. Issued shares of common stock for compensation of to Christopher Mulgrew, the CFO. Issued shares of common stock for compensation to Corby Marshall, the CEO. Issued shares of common stock for compensation of to Richard Cutler, a member of the Company s board of directors who resigned on August 19, 2022. 2022 Stock Issuances Issued shares of common stock to Tysdco valued at associated with the settlement of Accounts Payable of on consultant fee. . See Note 13 for further discussion. Issued shares of common stock valued for stock payable to Financial Ventures Group. . See Note 13 for further discussion. Issued shares of common stock valued for stock payable to Steve Hall. . See Note 13 for further discussion. Issued shares of common stock for cashless exercise of stock options. . See Note 13 for further discussion. 2022 Stock to be Issued On September 1, 2021, Steve Hall converted a note with a principal amount of and the associated accrued interest of into shares of common stock at per share. The transaction was being classified as a common stock payable-related party as of June 30, 2022. The shares were registered on July 28, 2022. Furthermore, . See Note 13 for further discussion. On May 23, 2022, the board of directors granted Chris Mulgrew, a related party shares of restricted common stock, respectively with conversion value of per share. The shares were granted as consideration for services. All shares are restricted until an acquisition or reverse takeover of the Company. shares of stock were issued on February 10, 2023 to reflect the 1-for-10 reverse stock split on 02/09/2023. See Note 13 for further discussion. On May 23, 2022, the board of directors granted Richard Cutler, a related party shares of restricted common stock, respectively with conversion value of per share. The shares were granted as consideration for services. All shares are restricted until an acquisition or reverse takeover of the Company. 50,000 shares of stock were issued on February 10, 2023 to reflect the 1-for-10 reverse stock split on 02/09/2023. See Note 13 for further discussion. F-15 Table of Contents Expired Balance at September 30, 2022 Expired Balance at December 31, 2022 Expired Balance at March 31, 2023 Expired Balance at June 30, 2023 The Company had not issued any warrants to purchase common stock in the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The composition of the Company s warrants outstanding at June 30, 2023 are as follows: The intrinsic value of the warrants as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 was 0. Stock Options During 2019, the Company s board of directors approved the 2019 Directors, Officers, Employees and Consultants Stock Option Plan Option Plan which authorized the issuance of options to purchase up to shares of common stock to its employees, directors, and consultants. Fiscal Year 2023 During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company had not granted any stock options. And all stock options were vested at the end of 1 st quarter of fiscal year 2023. Fiscal Year 2022 On October 1, 2021, pursuant to the Company s Option Plan, the Company granted stock options with exercise prices of a range from to and a term of five years. All of these options vested 20 immediately upon issuance of the option and 20 every three months thereafter. The fair value of these shares was of which was recognized in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. On May 23, 2022, the Company granted stock options, of which 2,000,000 were to related parties. These options vested immediately upon issuance with exercise prices of a range from to and a term of five years with a fair value of . F-16 Table of Contents shares of stock option plan in January 2019, the company has issued a total of shares of stock options, of which shares were under the 2019 option plan and were all vested and exercised by the end of fiscal year 2022. As of June 30, 2022, there are shares of stock options exercisable, of which all are granted as non-statutory stock options, outside of the Option Plan. On June 30, 2022, compensation cost for non-vested options of will be recognized over the next year. The fair value of the newly granted options was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: - Exercise price Expected term (in years) 0.00 Risk-free rate - Volatility - Dividend yield For options issued in the year ended June 30, 2022, the volatility rate is based on the Company s volatility. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a term consistent with the expected life of the awards in effect at the time of grant. The Company has no history or expectation of paying cash dividends on its common stock. Transactions in stock options for the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022, are as follows: Granted Expired or Forfeited Exercised Outstanding, June 30, 2022 Granted - - Expired or Forfeited - - Exercised - - Outstanding, June 30, 2023 Exercisable, June 30, 2023 (1) These quantities have been adjusted to reflect a 1-for-10 reverse stock split that became effective on February 9, 2023. During fiscal year 2023, the Company amortized expenses of to the unrelated party, and remains unamortized. F-17 Table of Contents in both years. per share remain the same. . As a result of the Reverse Split, the Company had shares of common stock issued and outstanding on February 8, 2023. In addition, at the effective time of the Reverse Split, all common shares, warrants, options and the related financial information as filed in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of 3 rd quarter, and in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were retroactively restated to reflect the 1-for-10 reverse stock split for all past and current periods presented. on January 31, 2023. Compensation is without recourse and there is no requirement for performance of services during the term of the contract. . As management of the Company cannot determine that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefit of the deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance equal to 100 of the net deferred tax asset existed at June 30, 2023 and 2022. A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax to our effective income tax is depicted below: Income tax adjustment Stock based compensation Permanent difference Valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets Effective rate On June 30, 2023, the Company had federal net operating loss carry forwards of approximately . This loss will never expire but its utilization is limited to of taxable income in any future year. F-18 Table of Contents Valuation allowance Net deferred income tax asset The Company is open to examination of our income tax filings in the United States and state jurisdictions for the 2018 through 2022 tax years. Tax attributes from years prior to that can be adjusted as a result of examinations. In the event that the Company is assessed penalties and or interest, penalties will be charged to other operating expense and interest will be charged to interest expense. of the Origination Loan and Additional Contribution and of any losses of HIE. HIE did not have operating activities during the fiscal year of 2023. On January 30, 2023, Hawkeye entered into a consulting agreement with Steve Hall, a shareholder of the Company, to provide real estate and development consulting services. Transactions are described in detail in Note 14 - Consulting Agreement - Related Party. On February 27, 2023, the Company and CNTNR USA, Inc. CNTNR entered into a promissory note under which the Company disbursed to CONTNR (the CNTNR Note ). Subsequently, on April 6, 2023, the Company and CNTNR amended and restated the CNTNR Note (the Amended CNTNR Note of which the Company agreed to lend CNTNR the total principal amount of Principal Amount with a commitment fee equivalent to 5 of the Principal Amount. Detailed discussions are included in note 10 - note receivable. and from Steve Hall on July 11, 2023 and August 14, 2023 respectively, which are related to Note 8 - Promissory Notes Payable - Related Party. On July 12, 2023, and August 15, 2023, CNTNR advanced and of additional funds from the Company, respectively, which are related to Note 10 Note receivable. As of the date of this report, the Company and Steve Hall are currently working towards a restructuring of the Hall Note. Note detail is described in Note 8 Promissory notes payable related party. F-19 Table of Contents Item 9. Change in and Disagreement with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. In our review, we sought to find potential for material weaknesses in our financial controls, which is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in our accounting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, which include a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatement, whether unintentional errors or fraud. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Our management, consisting of Corby Marshall as Chief Executive Officer and Christopher Mulgrew as Chief Financial Officer, reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(3) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) and financial reporting as of June 30, 2021. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), as well as the guidance provided in SEC Release 33-8809. In such evaluation, Mr. Marshall and Mr. Mulgrew assessed daily interaction, self-assessment and other ongoing monitoring activities as evidence in the evaluation. Furthermore we sought to identify financial reporting risks, identify controls that adequately address financial reporting risks, considered entity level controls, reviewed the role of technology in our controls and reviewed the evidence available to support the assessment. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, our disclosure controls and our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective in recording, processing, summarizing and report on a timely basis information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act and were not effective in assuring that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act due to material weaknesses including (i) the Company having only two officers handling all financial transactions, (ii) lack of appropriate operational controls and consistency in providing our accounting personnel with financial information, (iii) incomplete financial statements on a daily basis and resulting errors in our underlying accounting system, (iv) lack of proper documentation of our assessment and evaluation, and (v) our determination that internal controls were ineffective due to the limited segregation of duties because of the limited management structure. In response to that assessment we have made a determination that all accounting and financial reporting services should be outsourced to a qualified consulting firm, and we immediately engaged a new financial services provider. We subsequently replaced that provider with an internal accounting contractor. We have also made the determination that we need to dedicate more of the Company s current and future financial resources to this function and engaged a permanent Chief Financial Officer. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. The management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only the management s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection Not applicable. 13 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The following persons are our executive officers and directors, and hold the offices set forth opposite their names. Name Age Position Corby Marshall 53 Chairman, President, Secretary, Chief Executive Officer, and Director Christopher Mulgrew 50 Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Director Our Board of Directors consists of two members. All directors may be reimbursed for their expenses, if any, for attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors. The following is a brief account of the business experience during the past five years of each of our directors and executive officers: Corby Marshall, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer Corby Marshall is the founder, chief executive officer and director of Hawkeye Systems, Inc. since August 2019. Before that, Mr. Marshall was the Chief Executive Officer of Hilltop Cybersecurity Inc. (CSE: CYBX) starting in March 2017. Previously, Mr. Marshall was Senior Vice President of Alliances and Partnerships for AppOrbit; where he developed and led the go-to-market programs for all consulting, reseller, and solution partners. He previously led sales, consulting, marketing, and operations for several companies, including Metastorm (OpenText), Mercator (IBM), Niku and LabCorp. Corby is an expert at developing new programs and leading through transformational change; skills he honed during his service as an Airborne-qualified, Field Artillery Officer in the United States Army. Mr. Marshall also speaks Portuguese. Mr. Marshall is a distinguished graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. Mr. Marshall s military career included time in Kuwait, Somalia and various other deployment areas as a Field Artillery Officer specializing in 155mm self-propelled artillery units. Christopher Mulgrew, Chief Financial Officer and Director Mr. Christopher Mulgrew has been our chief financial officer since January 2021 and was elected as a member of our board of directors in May of 2022. Prior to joining Hawkeye Systems, Inc., Mr. Mulgrew performed contract CFO, mergers, and acquisitions consulting for Gimmal, Inc., a private equity backed SaaS company. In 2019 and 2020 he was Chief Financial Officer for Panther Fluids Management, LLC, a Houston-based engineering, and drilling fluids company. Prior to that Mr. Mulgrew ended his tenure at award-winning JEMSU, LLC in 2018 as Chief Executive Officer where he had served as Chief Financial Officer 2011-2017. He helped build JEMSU via multiple acquisitions and an aggressive organic growth strategy. In 2009 and 2010 Mr. Mulgrew was the Global Controller for the Shell Technology Ventures Fund STV ), a 1.4 billion venture capital fund focused on upstream oil and gas technology companies. While at STV he served on the board of several portfolio companies including Prometheus Energy Group, Inc., ThruBit BV (acquired by Schlumberger), and Smartpipe Technologies. During 2009-2010 Mr. Mulgrew was Chief Operating Officer of Pacific Western Brewing Ltd., Canada s largest independent brewery and beverage company. Previously he led the IPO via reverse merger of Acro Energy Technologies Corp as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Mulgrew earned an MBA from the top-ranked Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice University and holds a BBA in Accounting from Simon Fraser University in Canada. Christopher is also qualified as a Chartered Public Accountant in Canada and a Certified Public Accountant in the US and has completed executive programs at the London School of Business. 14 Table of Contents Committees of the Board Decisions of the Board of Directors are generally taken by unanimous written consents. The current board comprises two members and is intending to hold regularly scheduled meetings. The entire board provides the functions of Audit, Compensation and Governance committees until such time as charters for these committees can be adopted and they can be populated by independent directors. Code of Ethics The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. Until recently we have had a sole officer and director conducting all operations. Family Relationships No family relationships exist between any of our present directors and officers. Compliance with Section 16(A) of The Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires that our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock (referred to herein as the reporting persons file with the SEC various reports as to their ownership of and activities relating to our common stock. Such reporting persons are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely upon a review of copies of Section 16(a) reports and representations received by us from reporting persons, and without conducting any independent investigation of our own during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, all forms required, if any, were filed with the SEC by such reporting persons. Changes in Nominating Procedures None Item 11. Executive Compensation The following table sets forth information concerning the total compensation paid or accrued by us during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 to: all individuals who served as our chief executive officer, chief financial officer or acted in a similar capacity for us at any time during such periods, and all individuals who served as executive officers of ours at any time during such periods and received annual compensation in excess of 100,000. 15 Table of Contents Summary Compensation Table (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) (j) Name and Principal Salary Bonus Stock Awards Option Awards Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation Change in Pension Value Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings All Other Compensation Totals Position Year ) ) ) ) (S) ) ) ) Corby Marshall, Chief Executive Officer 2023 250,000 106,500 (1). - 356,500 Corby Marshall, Chief Executive Officer 2022 243,597 66,511 310,108 Christopher Mulgrew, Chief Financial Officer Director 2023 195,000 71,000 (2) - 266,000 Christopher Mulgrew, Chief Financial Officer Director 2022 195,000 10,000 17,415 222,415 Richard Cutlet, Director (Resigned on August 19, 2022) 2022 20,000 - 20,000 (1) Comprised of 750,000 shares of Common Stock issued by the Board of Directors by means of a board resolution dated February 13, 2023. (2) Comprised of 500,000 shares of Common Stock issued by the Board of Directors by means of a board resolution dated February 13, 2023. 16 Table of Contents Narrative Disclosure Requirements for Summary Compensation Table Compensation On June 11, 2020, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Corby Marshall, the Company s chairman of the board of directors, president, and chief executive officer (the Employment Agreement ). The term of the Employment Agreement is three years. The Employment Agreement will automatically extend for successive three-year terms, unless either party gives written notice of termination 30 days prior to the end of the then current term. Pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Marshall shall receive a base salary from the Company of 250,000 per year. If the Company is unable to pay this amount in cash, Mr. Marshall may defer cash compensation and receive like kind compensation in shares of the Company s common stock. Mr. Marshall shall be reimbursed for business expenses, receive a car allowance and health benefits from the Company. As part of his compensation, Mr. Marshall is entitled to receive a target bonus of up to 100 of his base salary, based on the Company s and his individual performance. If Mr. Marshall s employment is terminated by the Company without cause, he will be entitled to receive severance benefits. The severance benefits include (i) the continuation of payment of his base salary in effect immediately prior to termination for no less than twelve months (the Severance Benefit Period and (ii) the continuation of all employment benefits for the Severance Benefit Period. If Mr. Marshall is terminated without cause and in conjunction with a change in control, he will be entitled to receive change in control benefits, which includes (i) continuation of payment of his base compensation for a period equal to twice the amount of the Severance Benefit Period (the Change in Control Benefit Period ), and (ii) the continuation of his employment benefits for the Change in Control Benefit Period. On February 13, 2023, Mr. Marshall received a bonus of 710,000 shares common stock with a cash value of 106,500, for the years 2021 and 2022, and for agreeing to defer cash compensation. On January 15, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Christopher Mulgrew, the Company s chief financial officer (the Consulting Agreement ). The Consulting Agreement was amended and restated on March 1 st , 2021 (the Restated Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Restated Agreement, the Company shall pay Mr. Mulgrew a consultant fee of US 195,000 per annum and issue options to acquire 500,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock at 0.30 per shares, with 20 of the options vesting immediately upon issuance of the option, and an additional 20 every three months thereafter. The agreement also included healthcare premiums and automobile allowance. On February 13, 2023, Mr. Mulgrew received a bonus of 500,000 shares common stock with a cash value of 71,000 for the years 2021 and 2022, and for agreeing to defer cash compensation. As of the date of this report, no other officer or director has formally entered into any compensation arrangement for services provided under consulting agreements or employment agreements. Retirement, Resignation or Termination Plans We sponsor no plan, whether written or verbal, that would provide compensation or benefits of any type to an executive upon retirement, or any plan that would provide payment for retirement, resignation, or termination as a result of a change in control of our company or as a result of a change in the responsibilities of an executive following a change in control of our company. Directors Compensation The persons who served as members of our Board of Directors, including executive officers, did not receive any cash compensation for services as directors in 2023 or 2022. We may reimburse our directors for expenses incurred in connection with attending board meetings. 17 Table of Contents Option Exercises and Stock Vested In fiscal year 2023, the Company has not granted any stock options. No stock options have been exercised as of June 30, 2023. During fiscal year 2022, the Company has issued 2,400,000 stock options that are fully vested on the grant date to the officers and directors. The exercise prices of these options ranged from 0.05 to 0.11. The term of all options is five years. The aggregate fair value of these stock options total 115,642 and was recognized fully as of June 30, 2022. 900,000 options were exercised by the Company s officers and directors during the fiscal year ended 2022. In 2019, the board of directors adopted the 2019 Directors, Officers, Employees and Consultants Stock Option Plan Option Plan whereby the Company reserved for issuance 2,500,000 shares of common stock and agreed that such shares shall, when issued and paid for in accordance with the provisions of the Option Plan, constitute validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock. The Company has granted the aggregate total of 5,325,000 stock options issued to the directors, and officers, of which 1,150,000 stock options were granted under the Option Plan, and 4,175,000 options, were granted as non-statutory stock options, outside of the Option Plan. The Company has had a 1-to-10 reversed stock split commenced on February 9, 2023, of which options outstanding balance is reduced proportionally. As of the day of this annual report, 425,600 shares are exercisable. Director and Executive Officer Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End The following table provides certain information concerning any common share purchase options, stock awards or equity incentive plan awards held by each of our named executive officers that were outstanding as of June 30, 2023. Option Awards Stock Awards Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Option Exercise Price Option Expiration Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Name Exercisable Un-exercisable Options (#) ) Date (#) Vested Vested Vested Corby Marshall, Chief Executive Officer 100,000 0 0 0.20 05/22/2027 0 0 0 0 Christopher Mulgrew, Chief Financial Officer Director 50,000 0 0 0.10 05/22/2027 0 0 0 0 Richard Cutlet, Director 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 18 Table of Contents Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth, as of September 25, 2023, the beneficial ownership of Hawkeye Systems, Inc. common stock by each of our directors and named executive officers, each person known to us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock, and by the officers and directors of the Company as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power (subject to applicable community property laws) and that person s address is that of the Company. Shares of Common Stock subject to options, warrants, or convertible notes currently exercisable or convertible or exercisable or convertible within 60 days after September 25, 2023 are deemed outstanding for computing the share ownership and percentage of the person holding such options, warrants, or convertible notes but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. As of September 25, 2023, there were 5,552,222 shares of our common stock outstanding: Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Owned Beneficially Percent of Class Owned Common Stock Corby Marshall (1) 1,236,500 22,270 Common Stock Christopher Mulgrew (2) 587,000 10.57 All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (2 persons) 1,823500 32.84 Common Stock Steve Hall (3) 2,061,134 37,12 Common Stock CEDE CO 918,333 16,54 Executive Officers and Directors and 5 Beneficial Owners 4,802,967 86.5 _____________ (1) Consists of 1,236,500 shares of stock held by Mr. Marshall, and 100,000 shares pursuant to options. (2) Consists of 587,000 shares of stock held by Mr. Mulgrew, and options to purchase 50,000 shares of common stock. (3) Consists of 2,061,134 shares of stock held by Mr. Hall, which also included 239,401 shares of warrants, 50,000 shares of option, 317,507 from Line of Credit, 2,813,682 from revolver note and 3,324,658 shares from convertible notes. Note: Beneficial Ownership of Securities: Pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, involving the determination of beneficial owners of securities, a beneficial owner of securities is a person who directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise has, or shares, voting power and/or investment power with respect to the securities, and any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of the security within sixty days through means including the exercise of any option, warrant or conversion of a security. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transaction, and Director Independence In addition to the cash and equity compensation arrangements of our directors and executive officers discussed above under Director Compensation and Executive Compensation, the following is a description of transactions to which we have been a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000 and in which any of our directors, executive officers, beneficial holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or entities affiliated with them, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 19 Table of Contents On April 6, 2020, and December 15, 2020, the Company issued two convertible notes payable of 250,000 each to Steve Hall. Both notes have one year term with simple interest at 10 per annum if repaid within 90 days, and simple interest at 20 per annum thereafter. At the option of holder, this note is convertible at any time which is six months from the date of issuance through that date which is one year from the date of issuance at a conversion price of 0.25 per share. In consideration for the loans, the Company also granted to the Mr. Hall 200,000 stock options exercisable at 0.25 for a two-year term. The options vested upon issuance. On November 2, 2021, the Company issued 160,000 shares of common stock for cashless exercise of 200,000 shares of stock option. Both notes and the accrued interests totaling 594,344 have been converted on September 1, 2021, and issued on July 28, 2022 for the aggregate total of 16,666,667 shares of common stock. On February 9, 2023, the 16,666,667 shares of common stock were reduced to 1,666,667 shares to reflect the 1-for-10 reverse stock split. On October 1, 2021, the Company and Steve Hall entered into a restated and amended promissory note, to consolidate and restate the terms pursuant to which Steve Hall had provided funds to the Company (the Consolidated Note ). The Consolidated Notes consolidated and restated the terms of advances made on February 17, 2021, for 500,000 for inventory financing, February 18, 2021, for 500,000 for inventory financing, November 12, 2021, for 30,000 and December 13, 2021, for 75,000. In addition to consolidating the advances singled out above, the Consolidated Note included the extension of a line of credit of up to 1,000,000, from Steve Hall to the Company. The principal amount of the Consolidated Note, excluding the 1,000,000 line of credit, is 1,105,000, payable on demand at any time after October 1, 2022 (the Due Date ), and accruing interest at a rate of 12 per year, if repaid within 90 days of the due date and 20 if repaid thereafter. Principal and interest due under the line of credit extended pursuant to the Consolidated Note shall be added to the principal amount due under the Consolidated Note and shall be payable pursuant to the same terms. The line of credit is due and payable on the Due Date unless extended. At the option of holder, this note is convertible at any time into shares of common stock at a conversion price of 0.02 per share. As of June 30, 2023, and 2022, the accrued interest was 164,932, and 64,932, respectively. The Consolidated Note s Due Date was extended to September 30, 2023. On October 1, 2021, Steve Hall agreed to provide a Line of Credit of up to 1,000,000 to the Company with simple interest at 12 for the first 90 days, and simple interest at 20 per annum thereafter. The principal and interest payable shall be added to the principal amount of the Consolidated Note and payable pursuant to the same terms. As of June 30, 2023, the term of Line of Credit was extended to October 1, 2023. Over the fiscal years 2023, and 2022 in multiple transactions dates, the Company has withdrawn a total of 525,000, and 265,000, respectively. In connection with the Line of Credit, the Company has accrued interest of 101,238, and 15,015 in the fiscal years 2023, and 2022, respectively. On March 29, 2023, Steve Hall provided the Company with a loan in the principal amount of 1,000,000, as evidenced by a promissory note with an annual interest rate of 12 per year (the Steve Hall Note ). The purpose of the Steve Hall Note was to provide the Company with a funding source to make a follow-on investment in CNTNR USA Inc., a Delaware corporation CNTNR ). On May 31, 2023 (or upon the closing of a debt financing), the Company will repay the outstanding principal balance of the Steve Hall Note to Steve Hall and transfer 90 of the shares of CNTNR, issued by CNTNR to the Company pursuant to the Company s investment in CNTNR, plus 90 of the CNTNR Warrants as described in Note 10 - Note Receivable in the Financial Statements. As of June 30, 2023, the outstanding loan balance was 1,000,000 with accrued interest of 31,989. On January 30, 2023, Hawkeye entered into a consulting agreement with Steve Hall, a shareholder of the Company, to provide real estate and development consulting services, including the supervision of the Company s senior management, staff and all personnel, whether employees or consultants, strategic planning, property acquisitions and annual budget review. The contract period is 12 months with no option for renewal thereafter. The Company paid Steve Hall a one-time flat service fee of 250,000 on January 31, 2023. Compensation is without recourse and there is no requirement for performance of services during the term of the contract. Director Independence Our directors are not independent, as defined by SEC rules adopted pursuant to the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Although our stock is not listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market at this time, we are required to determine the independence of our directors by reference to the rules of a national securities exchange or of a national securities association (such as the Nasdaq Stock Market). In accordance with these requirements, we have determined that none of our directors are independent directors, as determined in accordance with Rule 4200(a)(15) of the Marketplace Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. Subsequent to June 30, 2022, our board of directors is comprised of Corby Marshall and Chris Mulgrew, none of which are independent directors. 20 Table of Contents Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Audit Fees The aggregate fees billed for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 for professional services rendered by the principal accountants for the audit of the registrant s annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the registrant s Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements were: 42,500 and 52,340, respectively. Audit-Related Fees No aggregate fees were billed in either the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the registrant s financial statements. Tax Fees No aggregate fees were billed for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. All Other Fees Other fees billed for professional services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above, for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were 0. Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies Our Board of Directors performing as the Audit Committee has approved the principal accountant s performance of services for the audit of the registrant s annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-K for services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023. Audit-related fees, tax fees, and all other fees, if any, were approved by the Board of Directors. 21 Table of Contents Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules The following exhibits are filed as part of this registration statement. Exhibit Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Registrant (as filed with the SEC on August 27, 2018) 3.2 Bylaws of Registrant (as filed with the SEC on August 27, 2018) 3.3 2019 Employees, Directors and Consultants Stock Option Plan (as filed with the sec on September 3, 2019) 10.1 Consulting Agreement dated as of January 15, 2021 among the Registrant and Christopher Mulgrew (as filed with the SEC on February 1, 2021) 10.2 Employment Agreement dated as of June 11, 2020 between Registrant and Corby Marshall 10.3 Promissory note agreement dated as of February 27, 2023 between the Registrant and CNTNR as amended and restated on April 6, 2023 (as filed with the SEC on April 12, 2023) 10.4 Promissory note agreement dated as of March 29, 2023 between the Registrant and Steve Hall (as filed with the SEC on April 12, 2023) 10.5 Consulting Agreement dated as of January 30, 2023 between the Registrant and Steve Hall 10.6 Membership Agreement dated July 17, 2020, between the Registrant, Eagle Equities LLC and Ikon Supplies 21 List of Subsidiaries (as filed with the SEC on December 9, 2019). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 1350 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 1350 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. ___________ Filed Herewith 22 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Hawkeye Systems, Inc. October 16, 2023 By: /s/ Corby Marshall Corby Marshall Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) October 16, 2023 By: /s/ Christopher Mulgrew Christopher Mulgrew Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. October 16, 2023 /s/ Corby Marshall Corby Marshall, Director and Principal Executive Officer 23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 hwke_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 hwke_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Corby Marshall, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Hawkeye Systems, Inc. (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. October 16, 2023 /s/ Corby Marshall Corby Marshall, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 hwke_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 hwke_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Christopher Mulgrew, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Hawkeye Systems, Inc. (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. October 16, 2023 /s/ Christopher Mulgrew Christopher Mulgrew, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 hwke_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 hwke_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of Hawkeye Systems, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Corby Marshall, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company October 16, 2023 /s/ Corby Marshall Corby Marshall Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 hwke_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 hwke_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report of Hawkeye Systems, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christopher Mulgrew, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. October 16, 2023 /s/ Christopher Mulgrew Christopher Mulgrew Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hwke-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 hwke-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 hwke-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 hwke-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

