<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231218_10-K_edgar_data_47217_0000047217-23-000100.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21415067</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>522710</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3069515</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9173903</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4284859</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3834747</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000047217-23-000100.hdr.sgml : 20231218
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231215213121
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000047217-23-000100
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		160
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000047217
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER & OFFICE EQUIPMENT [3570]
		IRS NUMBER:				941081436
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04423
		FILM NUMBER:		231492075

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1501 PAGE MILL ROAD
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94304
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6508571501

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1501 PAGE MILL ROAD
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94304

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEWLETT PACKARD CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000047217-23-000100.txt : 20231218

10-K
 1
 hpq-20231031.htm
 10-K

hpq-20231031 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 Or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. employer identification no.) , 
 (Zip code) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ____________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was based on the last sale price of common stock as of April 28, 2023. 
 The number of shares of HP Inc. common stock outstanding as of November 30, 2023 was shares. 

1 

HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year ended October 31, 2023 
 Table of Contents 
 Page Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 28 
 Item 2. Properties 
 28 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 32 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 105 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 105 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 106 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 106 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 107 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 107 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 107 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 107 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 108 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 109 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 118 
 
 In this report on Form 10-K, for all periods presented, we , us , our , the company , the Company , HP and HP Inc. refer to HP Inc. (formerly Hewlett-Packard Company) and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 2 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Business in Item 1 and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7, contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties. If the risks or uncertainties ever materialize or the assumptions prove incorrect, they could affect the business and results of operations of HP Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries which may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and assumptions. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, any statements regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; projections of net revenue, margins, expenses, effective tax rates, net earnings, net earnings per share, cash flows, benefit plan funding, deferred taxes, share repurchases, foreign currency exchange rates or other financial items; any projections of the amount, timing or impact of cost savings or restructuring and other charges, planned structural cost reductions and productivity initiatives; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations, including, but not limited to, our business model and transformation, our sustainability goals, our go-to-market strategy, the execution of restructuring plans and any resulting cost savings (including the fiscal 2023 plan), net revenue or profitability improvements or other financial impacts; any statements concerning the expected development, demand, performance, market share or competitive performance relating to products or services; any statements concerning potential supply constraints, component shortages, manufacturing disruptions or logistics challenges; any statements regarding current or future macroeconomic trends or events and the impact of those trends and events on HP and its financial performance; any statements regarding pending investigations, claims, disputes or other litigation matters; any statements of expectation or belief as to the timing and expected benefits of acquisitions and other business combination and investment transactions (including the acquisition of Plantronics, Inc. Poly )); and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. 
 Forward-looking statements can also generally be identified by words such as future, anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, intends, plans, predicts, projects, will, would, could, can, may, and similar terms. 
 Risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect our business and results of operations include factors relating to: 
 the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical trends, changes and events, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine, tension across the Taiwan Strait, the Israel-Hamas conflict, other hostilities in the Middle East and the regional and global ramifications of these events; 
 volatility in global capital markets and foreign currency, increases in benchmark interest rates, the effects of inflation and instability of financial institutions; 
 risks associated with HP s international operations; the effects of global pandemics, such as COVID-19, or other public health crises; 
 the execution and performance of contracts by HP and its suppliers, customers, clients and partners, including logistical challenges with respect to such execution and performance; 
 changes in estimates and assumptions HP makes in connection with the preparation of its financial statements; 
 the need to manage (and reliance on) third-party suppliers, including with respect to supply constraints and component shortages, and the need to manage HP s global, multi-tier distribution network and potential misuse of pricing programs by HP s channel partners, adapt to new or changing marketplaces and effectively deliver HP s services; 
 HP s ability to execute on its strategic plans, including the previously announced initiatives, business model changes and transformation; 
 execution of planned structural cost reductions and productivity initiatives; 
 HP s ability to complete any contemplated share repurchases, other capital return programs or other strategic transactions; 
 the competitive pressures faced by HP s businesses; 
 successfully innovating, developing and executing HP s go-to-market strategy, including online, omnichannel and contractual sales, in an evolving distribution, reseller and customer landscape; 
 the development and transition of new products and services and the enhancement of existing products and services to meet evolving customer needs and respond to emerging technological trends, including artificial intelligence; 
 successfully competing and maintaining the value proposition of HP s products, including supplies and services; 
 challenges to HP s ability to accurately forecast inventories, demand and pricing, which may be due to HP s multi-tiered channel, sales of HP s products to unauthorized resellers or unauthorized resale of HP s products or our uneven sales cycle; 
 3 

integration and other risks associated with business combination and investment transactions; 
 the results of our restructuring plans (including the fiscal 2023 plan), including estimates and assumptions related to the cost (including any possible disruption of HP s business) and the anticipated benefits of our restructuring plans; 
 the protection of HP s intellectual property assets, including intellectual property licensed from third parties; 
 the hiring and retention of key employees; 
 disruptions in operations from system security risks, data protection breaches, cyberattacks, extreme weather conditions or other effects of climate change, and other natural or manmade disasters or catastrophic events; 
 the impact of changes to federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations, including environmental regulations and tax laws; 
 our aspirations related to environmental, social and governance matters; 
 potential impacts, liabilities and costs from pending or potential investigations, claims and disputes; 
 our use of artificial intelligence; 
 the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting; and 
 other risks that are described herein, including but not limited to the items discussed in Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this report and that are otherwise described or updated from time to time in HP s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 HP s Future Ready Plan includes HP's efforts to take advantage of future growth opportunities, including but not limited to, investments to drive growth, investments in our people, improving product mix, driving structural cost savings and other productivity measures. Structural cost savings represent gross reductions in costs driven by operational efficiency, digital transformation, and portfolio optimization. These initiatives include but are not limited to workforce reductions, platform simplification, programs consolidation and productivity measures undertaken by HP, which HP expects to be sustainable in the longer-term. These structural cost savings are net of any new recurring costs resulting from these initiatives and exclude one-time investments to generate such savings. HP s expectations on the longer-term sustainability of such structural cost savings are based on its current business operations and market dynamics and could be significantly impacted by various factors, including but not limited to HP s evolving business models, future investment decisions, market environment and technology landscape. 
 
 Forward-looking and other statements in this report may also address our corporate sustainability or responsibility progress, plans, and goals (including environmental matters), and the inclusion of such statements is not an indication that these contents are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in HP s filings with the SEC. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. 
 
 The forward-looking statements in this report are made as of the date of this filing and HP assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. Business. 
 Business Overview 
 We are a leading global provider of personal computing and other digital access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions and services. We sell to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses SMBs and large enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. 
 HP Products and Services; Segment Information 
 We have three reportable segments: Personal Systems, Printing and Corporate Investments. 
 Personal Systems 
 Personal Systems offers commercial and consumer desktops and notebooks, workstations, thin clients, commercial mobility devices, retail point-of-sale POS systems, displays, hybrid systems (includes video conferencing cameras and solutions, headsets, voice, and related software capabilities including all products and solutions acquired from Poly), software, support and services. We group commercial notebooks, commercial desktops, commercial services, commercial mobility devices, commercial detachables and convertibles, workstations, retail POS systems and thin clients into commercial Commercial PS and consumer notebooks, consumer desktops, consumer services and consumer detachables into consumer Consumer PS when describing performance in these markets. Both Commercial PS and Consumer PS services include support and deployment, configurations and extended warranty services and maintain multi-operating system and multi-architecture strategies using Microsoft Windows and Google Chrome operating systems, and predominantly use processors from Intel Corporation Intel and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. AMD ). 
 Personal Systems groups its global business capabilities into the following business units when reporting business performance: 
 Commercial PS consist of endpoint computing devices and hybrid systems, for use by enterprise, public sector (which includes education), and SMB customers, with a focus on robust designs, security, serviceability, connectivity, reliability and manageability in the customer s environment. Commercial PS includes HP Dragonfly, HP ProBook and HP EliteBook lines of notebooks, convertibles, and detachables, HP Pro and HP Elite lines of business desktops and all-in-ones, retail POS systems, HP Thin Clients, HP Pro Tablet personal computers PCs and the HP notebook, desktop and Chromebook systems. It also includes workstations that are designed and optimized for high-performance and demanding application environments including Z desktop workstations, Z all-in-ones and Z mobile workstations. Additionally, HP offers a range of services and solutions to enterprise, public sector (which includes education), and SMB customers to help them manage the lifecycle of their PCs and mobility installed base. 
 Consumer PS consist of devices, accessories and services which are optimized for consumer usage, focusing on gaming, learning and working remotely, consuming multi-media for entertainment, managing personal life activities, staying connected, sharing information, getting things done for work including creating content and staying informed and secure. These systems include HP Spectre, HP Envy, HP Pavilion, HP Chromebook, Omen and Victus by HP lines of notebooks and desktops, HP Envy, HP Pavilion desktops and all-in-one lines. 
 Printing 
 Printing provides consumer and commercial printer hardware, supplies, services and solutions. Printing is also focused on Graphics and 3D Printing and Personalization in the commercial and industrial markets. Our global business capabilities within Printing are described below: 
 Office Printing Solutions delivers HP s office printers, supplies, services, and solutions to SMBs, public sector and large enterprises. It also includes Original Equipment Manufacturer OEM hardware and solutions. 
 Home Printing Solution s delivers innovative printing products, supplies, services and solutions for the home, home business and micro business customers utilizing both HP s Ink and Laser technologies. 
 Graphics Solutions delivers large-format, commercial and industrial solutions and supplies to print service providers and packaging converters through a wide portfolio of printers and presses (HP DesignJet, HP Latex, HP Indigo and HP PageWide Web Presses). 
 3D Printing and Personalization offers a portfolio of additive manufacturing solutions and supplies to help customers succeed in their additive and digital manufacturing journey. HP offers complete solutions in collaboration with an ecosystem of partners. 
 Printing groups its global business capabilities into the following business units when reporting business performance: 
 Commercial Printing consists of office printing solutions, graphics solutions and 3D printing and personalization, excluding supplies; 
 Consumer Printing consists of home printing solutions, excluding supplies; and 
 Supplies comprises a set of highly innovative consumable products, ranging from ink and laser cartridges to media, industrial graphics supplies and 3D printing and personalization supplies, for recurring use in consumer and commercial hardware. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate Investments 
 Corporate Investments includes certain business incubation and investment projects. 
 Sales, Marketing and Distribution 
 We manage our business and report our financial results based on the business segments described above. Our customers are organized by consumer and commercial groups, and purchases of HP products, solutions and services may be fulfilled directly by HP or indirectly through a variety of partners, utilizing their own physical or internet stores or an omnichannel combination of the two, including: 
 retailers that sell our products to the public focusing on consumers and SMBs; 
 resellers that sell our products and services, frequently with their own value-added products or services, to targeted customer groups; 
 distribution partners that supply our products and solutions to resellers and retailers in certain geographies; and 
 system integrators and other business intermediaries that provide various levels of services, including systems integration work and as-a-service solutions, and typically partner with us on client solutions that require our products and services. 
 The mix of our business conducted by direct sales or channel sales differs by business and geographic market. We believe that customer buying patterns and different geographic market conditions require us to tailor our sales, marketing and distribution efforts to the geographic market and sub-geographic specificities for each of our businesses. We are focused on driving the depth and breadth of our market coverage while identifying efficiencies and productivity gains in both our direct and indirect routes to market. Our businesses collaborate to accomplish strategic and process alignment where appropriate. For example, we typically assign an account manager to manage relationships across our business with large enterprise customers. The account manager is supported by a team of specialists with product and services expertise and drives both direct and indirect sales to their assigned customers. For other customers and for consumers, we typically manage both direct online sales as well as channel relationships with retailers mainly targeting consumers and SMBs and commercial resellers mainly targeting SMBs, mid-market accounts, public sector and large enterprises. See Risk Factors If we fail to manage the distribution of our products and services properly, our business and financial performance could suffer in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Manufacturing and Materials 
 We utilize a significant number of outsourced manufacturers OMs around the world to manufacture HP-designed products. The use of OMs is intended to generate cost efficiencies and reduce time to market for HP-designed products. We use multiple OMs to maintain flexibility in our supply chain and manufacturing processes. In some circumstances, third-party suppliers produce products that we purchase and resell under the HP brand. Additionally, we manufacture finished products from components and sub-assemblies that we acquire from a wide range of vendors. 
 We utilize two primary methods of fulfilling demand for products: building products to order and configuring products to order. We build products to order to maximize manufacturing and logistics efficiencies by producing high volumes of basic product configurations. Alternatively, configuring products to order enables units to match a customer s hardware and software customization requirements. Our inventory management and distribution practices in both building products to order and configuring products to order seek to minimize inventory holding periods by taking delivery of the inventory and manufacturing shortly before the sale or distribution of products to our customers. 
 We purchase materials, supplies and product sub-assemblies from a substantial number of vendors. For most of our products, we have existing or readily available alternate sources of supply. However, we have relied on sole sources for some laser printer engines, LaserJet supplies, certain customized parts and parts for products with short life cycles (although some of these sources have operations in multiple locations, mitigating the effect of a disruption). For instance, we source the majority of our A4 and a portion of A3 portfolio laser printer engines and laser toner cartridges from Canon. Any decision by either party not to renew our agreement with Canon or to limit or reduce the scope of the agreement could adversely affect our net revenue from LaserJet products; however, we have a long-standing business relationship with Canon and anticipate renewal of this agreement. 
 We are dependent upon Intel and AMD as suppliers of x86 processors and Microsoft and Google for various software products. We believe that disruptions with these suppliers would have industry-wide ramifications, and therefore would not disproportionately disadvantage us relative to our competitors. See Risk Factors We are heavily dependent on third-party suppliers and supply chain issues have adversely affected, and could adversely affect in the future, our financial results in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference, for additional information on our reliance on single-source suppliers. 
 Like other participants in the information technology IT industry, we ordinarily acquire materials and components through a combination of blanket and scheduled purchase orders to support our demand requirements for periods averaging 90 to 120 days. From time to time, we may experience significant price volatility or supply constraints for certain components that are not available from multiple sources. We also may acquire component inventory in anticipation of supply constraints or price increases and enter into longer-term pricing commitments with vendors to improve the priority, price and availability of supplies. See Risk Factors We are heavily dependent on third-party suppliers and supply chain issues have adversely affected, and could adversely affect in the future, our financial results in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Sustainability also plays an important role in the manufacturing and sourcing of materials and components for our products. We strive to make our products and packaging in an ethical and sustainable manner. We have committed to building an efficient, resilient and sustainable supplier network, and we collaborate with our suppliers to improve their labor practices and working conditions, and to reduce the environmental impact of their operations. These actions, together with our broader sustainability program, help us in our effort to meet customer sustainability requirements and comply with regulations, such as supplier labor practices and conflict minerals disclosures. For more information on our sustainability goals, programs, and performance, including our methodology for calculating progress towards our GHG and other sustainability goals, we refer you to our annual Sustainable Impact Report, available on our website (which is not incorporated by reference herein). 
 International 
 Our products and services are available worldwide. We believe this geographic diversity allows us to meet both consumer and enterprise customers demand on a worldwide basis and draws on business and technical expertise from a worldwide workforce. This provides stability to our operations, provides revenue streams that may offset geographic economic trends and offers us an opportunity to access new markets for maturing products. We believe that our broad geographic presence gives us a solid base on which to build future growth. See "Risk Factors Due to the international nature of our business, geopolitical or economic changes or events, uncertainty or other factors could harm our business and financial performance" and "We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our results" in Item 1A, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Research and Development 
 Innovation across products, services, business models and processes is a key element of our culture and success. Our development efforts are focused on designing and developing products, services and solutions that anticipate customers changing needs and desires, and emerging technological trends. Our efforts also are focused on identifying the areas where we believe we can make a unique contribution and the areas where partnering with other leading technology companies will leverage our cost structure and maximize our customers experiences. 
 Our research and development efforts are supported by various groups across our business segments. 
 We anticipate that we will continue to have significant research and development expenditures in the future to support the design and development of innovative, high-quality products and services to maintain and enhance our competitive position. 
 For a discussion of risks attendant to our research and development activities, see Risk Factors If we cannot successfully execute our strategy and continue to develop, manufacture and market innovative products, services and solutions, our business and financial performance may suffer in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Patents 
 Our general policy has been to seek patent protection for those inventions likely to be incorporated into our products and services or where obtaining such proprietary rights will improve our competitive position. At October 31, 2023, our worldwide patent portfolio included over 23,000 patents. 
 Patents generally have a term of twenty years from the date they are filed. As our patent portfolio has been built over time, the remaining terms of the individual patents across our patent portfolio vary. We believe that our patents and patent applications are important for maintaining the competitive differentiation of our products and services, enhancing our freedom of action to sell our products and services in markets in which we choose to participate, and maximizing our return on research and development investments. No single patent is essential to HP as a whole or to any of HP s business segments. 
 In addition to developing our patent portfolio, we license intellectual property IP from third parties. We have also granted and continue to grant to others licenses, and other rights, under our patents when we consider these arrangements to be in our interest. These license arrangements include a number of cross-licenses with third parties. 
 For a discussion of risks attendant to IP rights, see Risk Factors Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot develop, obtain, license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend and Risk Factors Third-party claims of IP infringement are commonplace in our industry and may limit or disrupt our ability to sell our products and services in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Seasonality 
 General economic conditions have an impact on our business and financial results. From time to time, the markets in which we sell our products and services experience weak economic conditions that may negatively affect sales. We experience some seasonal trends in the sale of our products and services. For example, European sales are often weaker in the summer months and consumer sales are often stronger in the fourth calendar quarter. Demand during the spring and early summer months also may be adversely impacted by market anticipation of seasonal trends. Historical seasonal patterns may not continue in the future and may be impacted by supply constraints, shifts in customer behavior and the evolving impacts of macroeconomic challenges and different demand dynamics. See Risk Factors Our uneven sales cycle makes planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable, in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Competition 
 We encounter strong competition in all areas of our business activity. We compete on the basis of technology, innovation, performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services, ease of use of our products, 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 account relationships, customer training, service, support and solutions including subscription-based offerings and financing, security, availability of application software, and our sustainable impact. 
 The markets for each of our key business segments are characterized by strong competition among major corporations with long-established positions and a large number of new and rapidly growing firms. Most product life cycles are short, and to remain competitive we must develop new products and services, periodically enhance our existing products and services and compete effectively on the basis of the factors listed above. In addition, we compete with many of our current and potential partners, including OEMs that design, manufacture and often market their products under their own brand names. Our successful management of these competitive partner relationships will be critical to our future success. Moreover, we anticipate that we will have to continue to adjust prices on many of our products and services to stay competitive. 
 We have a broad technology portfolio spanning personal computing and other digital access devices, imaging and printing-related products and services. We are the leader or among the leaders in each of our key business segments. 
 The competitive environment in which each key segment operates is described below: 
 Personal Systems. The markets in which Personal Systems operates are highly competitive and are characterized by price competition and introduction of new products and solutions. Our primary competitors are Lenovo Group Limited, Dell Inc., Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., Acer Inc., ASUSTeK Computer Inc., Apple Inc., Toshiba Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd and Logitech International S.A. In particular geographies, we also experience competition from local companies and from generically-branded or white box manufacturers. Our competitive advantages include our broad product portfolio, our innovation, and research and development capabilities including security features, our innovative design work, our brand and procurement leverage, our ability to cross-sell our portfolio of offerings, our extensive service and support offerings and the accessibility of our products and execution of our broad-based distribution strategy from retail and commercial channels to direct sales. 
 Printing . The markets for printer hardware and associated supplies are highly competitive. Printing s key customer segments each face competitive market pressures in pricing and the introduction of new products. Our primary competitors include Canon Inc., Lexmark International, Inc., Xerox Corporation Ltd., Seiko Epson Corporation, The Ricoh Company Ltd. and Brother Industries, Ltd. In addition, independent suppliers offer non-original supplies (including imitation, refill and remanufactured alternatives), which are often available for lower prices but which can also offer lower print quality and reliability compared to HP original inkjet and toner supplies. These and other competing products are often sold alongside our products through online or omnichannel resellers, retailers or distributors, or such resellers, retailers and distributors may highlight the availability of lower cost non-original supplies. Our competitive advantages include our comprehensive high-quality solutions for the home, office and publishing environments, our innovation, and research and development capabilities including security features, sustainability, our brand, and the accessibility of our products through a broad-based distribution strategy from retail and commercial channels to direct sales. 
 For a discussion of risks attendant to these competitive factors, see Risk Factors We operate in an intensely competitive industry and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance, in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Sustainability 
 At HP, we believe how we do things is just as important as what we do. Our Sustainable Impact goals reflect our efforts to tackle key issues in Climate, Human Rights, and Digital Equity as follows: 
 Climate Action: Taking urgent and decisive action to achieve net zero carbon emissions across our entire value chain, give back more to forests than we take, and innovate our products and services for a more circular economy. Among our goals: 
 Achieve net zero greenhouse gas GHG emissions across HP s value chain (scope 1, 2 and 3) by 2040, with a 50 reduction in absolute value chain GHG emissions by 2030 compared to 2019; 
 Reach 75 circularity for products and packaging by 2030; 
 Continue to source only sustainable fiber for all HP-brand paper and paper-based packaging and counteract deforestation for non-HP paper used in our products and print services; 
 Human Rights: Building a culture of equality and empowerment within HP and beyond, where diversity is sought out and celebrated, and where universal human rights are understood and respected. Among our goals: 
 Achieve 50/50 gender equality in HP leadership by 2030; 
 Achieve greater than 30 technical women and women in engineering roles by 2030; 
 Meet or exceed labor market representation for racial and ethnic minorities in the U.S. by 2030; 
 Reach one million workers through worker empowerment programs by 2030, since the beginning of 2015; 
 Double the number of Black/African American executives by 2025, from a 2020 baseline; 
 Digital Equity: Accelerating equitable access to education, healthcare, and economic opportunity for those who are traditionally excluded so they can participate and thrive in a digital economy. Among our goals: 
 Accelerate digital equity for 150 million people by 2030, since the beginning of 2021; 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Enable better learning outcomes for 100 million people by 2025, since the beginning of 2015; 
 Enroll 1.5 million HP LIFE (Learning Initiative for Entrepreneurs) users between 2016 and 2030; 
 Contribute 1.5 million employee volunteering hours by 2025 (cumulative since the beginning of 2016); 
 Contribute US 100 million in HP Foundation and employee community giving by 2025 (cumulative since the beginning of 2016); 
 For more information on our Sustainable Impact strategy, programs, and a complete list of goals and performance, we refer you to our annual Sustainable Impact Report, available on our website (which is not incorporated by reference herein). 
 Environment 
 Our operations are subject to regulation under various federal, state, local and foreign laws concerning the environment, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, and the cleanup of contaminated sites. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, and third-party damage or personal injury claims, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws. 
 Many of our products are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws governing chemical substances in products and their safe use, including laws regulating the manufacture and distribution of chemical substances and laws restricting the presence of certain substances in electronics products. Most of our products also are subject to requirements applicable to their energy consumption. In addition, we face increasing complexity in our product design and procurement operations as we adjust to new and future requirements relating to the chemical and materials composition of our products, and their safe use. 
 We proactively evaluate and at times replace materials in our products and supply chain, taking into account, among other things, published lists of substances of concern, new and upcoming legal requirements, customer preferences and scientific analysis that indicates a potential impact to human health or the environment. 
 We are also subject to legislation in an increasing number of jurisdictions that makes producers of electrical goods, including computers and printers, financially responsible for specified collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of past and future covered products (sometimes referred to as product take-back legislation ). We are also subject to standards set by public and private entities related to sustainability issues such as energy consumption, carbon emissions, reusing or recycling. We intend for our products to be easily reused and recycled, and we provide many of our customers with reuse and recycling programs. 
 In the event our products become non-compliant with these laws or standards, our products could be restricted from entering certain jurisdictions or from being procured by certain governments or private companies, and we could face other sanctions, including fines. 
 Our operations, supply chain and our products are currently, and expected to become increasingly subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and international treaties relating to climate change, such as climate disclosure, carbon pricing or product energy efficiency requirements, requiring us to comply or potentially face market access limitations or other sanctions including fines. We strive to continually improve the energy and carbon efficiency of our operations, supply chain and product portfolio and deliver more cost-effective and lower carbon technology solutions to our customers. We believe that technology will be fundamental to finding solutions to achieve compliance with and manage those requirements. 
 We are committed to complying with all environmental laws applicable to our operations, products and services and to reducing our environmental impact across all aspects of our business. This commitment is reflected and outlined in our sustainable impact goals, our comprehensive environmental, health and safety policy, strict environmental management of our operations and worldwide environmental programs and services. 
 A liability for environmental remediation and other environmental costs is accrued when we consider it probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Environmental costs and accruals are presently not material to our operations, cash flows or financial position. Although there is no assurance that existing or future environmental laws applicable to our operations or products will not have a material adverse effect on our operations, cash flows or financial condition, we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. 
 For a discussion of risks attendant to these environmental factors, see Risk Factors Our business is subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that could adversely affect our business and results of operations and cash flows in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference. In addition, for a discussion of our environmental contingencies see Note 14, Litigation and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is also incorporated herein by reference. 
 Human Capital 
 HP employs about 58,000 employees in 59 countries. Together, they power HP innovation by applying their diverse skills and perspectives to create transformative solutions for our partners and customers worldwide. Our aim is to attract and retain exceptional talent by providing engaging work experiences that help our employees thrive. We promote ongoing learning and development, offer comprehensive compensation and benefits, and focus on health, safety, and well-being to set employees up to do their best work and 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 achieve their career aspirations. To deliver on these priorities, HP senior leaders are accountable for meeting management by objective (MBO) goals for employee engagement, diversity and inclusion, and leadership development. 
 Employee Engagement 
 We regularly collect feedback from employees to better understand and improve their workplace experiences and to identify ways to strengthen our culture. In fiscal year 2023, 91 of employees participated in our annual survey, and we continued to see strong overall engagement, exceeding top quartile benchmarks for most of the external comparisons we track. We saw similar strength on our internal inclusion index, and employees demonstrated their engagement by providing a high volume of written comments in this year s survey. Beyond the annual survey, we regularly seek out employee feedback through a variety of pulse polls and take action to address their ideas, suggestions, and concerns. 
 Talent and Learning 
 We have a multi-faceted talent, learning, and skill-development strategy. First, we emphasize diversity of backgrounds, experience, and perspectives in our senior talent pipeline, and invest in targeted approaches such as leadership assessments, external education opportunities, coaching, job rotations, and immersive, experiential learning to ensure our executives are equipped to lead HP, both now and in the future. We also support emerging, technical, and underrepresented talent through an extensive portfolio of internal and external development programs designed to accelerate their career growth. Additionally, we prepare new people managers with a development experience designed, among other things, to build coaching skills and champion inclusion. 
 We are also committed to the continuous growth of employees. We provide enterprise-wide skill development solutions and resources that focus on the critical skills all employees need to perform at their best in their jobs today and in the future. In partnership with industry thought partners and internal experts, HP offers learning opportunities in key areas such as software development, artificial intelligence, data science, product management, communications, change agility, and strategic thinking. HP prioritizes skill development experiences that accommodate employee-specific needs and demanding schedules, with an emphasis on learning that drives immediate application and measurable behavior change. 
 In addition to skill development resources, HP also offers formal education assistance through our Degree Assistance Program which provides employees with the opportunity to participate in higher academic education. 
 In fiscal year 2023, 99 of employees participated in learning and development sponsored by HP, completing an estimated average of 32 hours per person. The 2023 annual employee engagement survey revealed that 83 of employees felt HP actively supported their learning and development, with 82 believing that they are given a real opportunity to improve their skills at HP. Finally, HP encourages ongoing collaboration between people managers and employees to create personalized plans that accelerate skill development and prepare employees for additional opportunities. Our data show that 80 of employees have specific development actions they are working on in collaboration with their managers. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) 
 We strive to create an inclusive, equitable workplace where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work and reach their full potential. This commitment is at the heart of our innovation model, where people with diverse perspectives, backgrounds, knowledge, and experiences collaborate to create breakthrough technologies and deliver valued solutions to our customers. 
 Our commitment to DEI starts at the top with a highly knowledgeable, skilled, and diverse board of directors. We are also among the top technology companies for women in executive positions. Globally, women hold 32.7 of HP s full-time leadership positions. We are committed to improving representation of women at HP overall, with a focus on leadership and technical roles worldwide. 
 We also strive to ensure equal opportunities and access for employees from underrepresented groups. For example in fiscal year 2023, 45 of our external U.S. hires were racially or ethnically diverse. We continue to work on removing barriers for underrepresented employees, providing internal programs and development opportunities as well as training for managers on inclusive leadership. 
 Pay Equity 
 People should be paid equitably for what they do and how they do it, regardless of their gender, race, or other protected characteristics. We benchmark and set pay ranges based on relevant market data and consider factors such as an employee s role, experience, skills, and performance. We also regularly review our compensation practices, both in terms of our overall workforce and individual employees, to make sure our pay is fair and equitable. 
 For the past seven years, we have reviewed employees compensation with the support of independent third-party experts to ensure consistent pay practices. In fiscal year 2023, we expanded our annual pay equity assessment to include 17 countries with our largest employee populations, representing approximately 85 of our global workforce. The independent analysis did not reveal any systemic issues and we addressed areas of potential concern as part of our off-cycle compensation process. 
 Health, Safety, and Wellness 
 The holistic wellbeing of our employees is vital to HP s success. Our environmental, health, and safety leadership team uses our global injury and illness reporting system to assess worldwide and regional trends as a part of quarterly reviews. We continue to focus on reducing and effectively managing risks at HP-owned and partner-owned manufacturing facilities, and injury rates continue to be low. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We sponsor a global wellness program designed to enhance wellbeing for all HP employees. Throughout the year, we encourage healthy behaviors across our five pillars of wellness physical, financial, emotional, life balance, and social/community through regular communications, educational sessions, voluntary progress tracking, wellness challenges, and other incentives. In addition to our regular annual wellbeing programs, we provide specialized programs and campaigns in line with employee needs at the time. Our campaign this year, Better Me in 23, encouraged employees to prioritize themselves and their wellbeing by using mindfulness apps, targeted mental health support, individual assessments, and expanded financial wellbeing programs. 
 Hybrid Work Strategy 
 We continue to embrace hybrid ways of working, consistent with flexible working guidelines we adopted in July 2021. At HP, hybrid work balances workplace flexibility with time working together to collaborate and connect in person at our sites. Our goal is to provide the ability to work seamlessly across a diverse ecosystem of workplaces, enabled by enhanced tools and technology designed to optimize productivity and collaboration. 
 We are testing different approaches to making hybrid work effective at multiple pilot sites globally, seeking feedback from HP employees on how best to support them in new ways of working. Overall, we aim to preserve the flexibility offered by hybrid work arrangements while offering our employees a healthy, supportive, and inclusive environment that supports their development, provides connection, and propels team and individual performance. 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following are our current executive officers: 
 Alex Cho; age 51; President, Personal Systems 
 Mr. Cho has served as President, Personal Systems since June 2018. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Cho served as Global Head and General Manager of Commercial Personal Systems. Prior to that role, Mr. Cho served as the Vice President and General Manager of the LaserJet Supplies team from 2010 to 2014. 
 Jon Faust; age 46; Global Controller 
 Mr. Faust has served as Global Controller since April 2022. Previously, Mr. Faust served as Head of Finance Transformation Corporate Services from August 2021 to April 2022. Prior to joining HP, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Aruba, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise company, a provider of network solutions, from February 2020 to July 2021. Prior to that role, Mr. Faust spent over 19 years at Hewlett Packard Enterprise (and its and HP s predecessor company, Hewlett-Packard Company) including Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Hybrid IT (August 2018 to January 2020), Senior Vice President Worldwide Financial Planning Analysis and Global Functions Finance (April 2015 to July 2018), and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Technology Operations (November 2013 to March 2015). 
 Julie Jacobs; age 57; Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel 
 Ms. Jacobs has served as Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel since October 2022. Previously, Ms. Jacobs served as Senior Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Yahoo, a leading internet, media, and technology company, from September 2021 to October 2022. Prior to Yahoo, Ms. Jacobs served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Verizon Media, a global media and technology company, from June 2017 to September 2021. Prior to Verizon Media, Ms. Jacobs spent over 16 years in various senior legal roles at AOL, a global internet, media and technology company, including serving as AOL s Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary from May 2010 to June 2017. 
 Enrique Lores; age 58; President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Mr. Lores has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since November 2019. Throughout his over 30-year tenure with the company, Mr. Lores held leadership positions across the organization, serving as President, Printing, Solutions and Services from November 2015 to November 2019, and prior to that role, leading the Separation Management Office for HP Inc. Previously, Mr. Lores was the Senior Vice President and General Manager for Business Personal Systems. Before his Business Personal Systems role, Mr. Lores was Senior Vice President of Customer Support and Services. 
 Kristen Ludgate; age 61; Chief People Officer 
 Ms. Ludgate has served as Chief People Officer since July 2021. Previously, Ms. Ludgate served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer at 3M, a global technology company , from June 2018 until July 2021. Ms. Ludgate held a wide range of leadership positions during her 17 years with 3M, leading global teams in human resources, legal, compliance, and communications. 
 David McQuarrie; age 48; Chief Commercial Officer 
 Mr. McQuarrie has served as Chief Commercial Officer since November 2022. Previously, Mr. McQuarrie served as Senior Vice President General Manager, Personal Systems Category, from November 2021 to November 2022, Global Head of Customer Support from November 2019 to November 2021, and Global Head of Print Business Management from January 2017 to October 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 2019. Prior to joining HP, Mr. McQuarrie served in various sales leadership positions at global personal computer and technology companies Lenovo (2008 to 2016) and Dell (1998 to 2007). 
 Marie Myers; age 55; Chief Financial Officer 
 Ms. Myers has served as Chief Financial Officer since February 2021, previously serving as acting Chief Financial Officer from October 2020 to February 2021. She served as Chief Transformation Officer from June 2020 to May 2021 and as Chief Digital Officer from March 2020 to June 2020. Prior to rejoining HP, she was the Chief Financial Officer of UiPath, a robotic process automation company, from December 2018 to December 2019. Prior to UiPath, Ms. Myers served as Global Controller from December 2015 to December 2018 and finance lead during the separation of Hewlett-Packard Company into HP and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company from October 2014 to August 2015, in addition to other finance-related roles at Hewlett-Packard Company. 
 Tuan Tran; age 56; President of Imaging, Printing and Solutions 
 Mr. Tran served as President of Imaging, Printing and Solutions since November 2019. Previously, he served as Global Head General Manager of the Office Printing Solutions business from 2016 to November 2019, and Global Head General Manager of the LaserJet and Enterprise Solutions business from 2014 to 2016. 
 Available Information 
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our website at http://investor.hp.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after HP electronically files such reports with, or furnishes those reports to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. HP s Corporate Governance Guidelines, Board of Directors committee charters (including the charters of the Audit Committee, Finance, Investment and Technology Committee, HR and Compensation Committee, and Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee) and code of ethics entitled Integrity at HP (none of which are incorporated by reference herein) are also available at that same location on our website. If the Board grants any waivers from Integrity at HP to any of our directors or executive officers, or if we amend Integrity at HP, we will, if required, disclose these matters via updates to our website at http://investor.hp.com on a timely basis. We encourage investors to visit our website from time to time, as information is updated and new information is posted. The content of our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 Stockholders may request free copies of these documents from: 
 HP Inc. 
 Attention: Investor Relations 
 1501 Page Mill Road, 
 Palo Alto, CA 94304 
 http://investor.hp.com/resources/information-request/default.aspx 
 Additional Information 
 Microsoft and Windows are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Intel is a trademark of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. AMD is a trademark of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Google and Google Chrome are trademarks of Google LLC. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. 
 The following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. These risk factors may be important for understanding any statement in this Form 10-K or elsewhere. The following information should be particularly read in conjunction with Part I, Item I, Business and Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. 
 The risks we describe in this Form 10-K or in our other SEC filings or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could, in ways we may not be able to accurately predict, recognize or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price, and they could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. 
 MACROECONOMIC, INDUSTRY AND FINANCIAL RISKS 
 Economic weakness and uncertainty is expected to continue to adversely affect demand for our products and services and our business and financial performance. 
 Our business and financial performance depend on worldwide economic conditions and the demand for our products and services. Ongoing economic weakness, including an economic slowdown or recession, uncertainty in markets throughout the world and other adverse economic conditions, including inflation, changes in monetary policy, increased interest rates, tariffs, exchange rates and an evolving global trade environment, have resulted in, and may continue to result in, decreased demand for our products and services and challenges in managing inventory levels and accurately forecasting revenue, gross margin, cash flows and expenses. For example, during fiscal 2023 we observed continued market uncertainty, cautious commercial spending on information technology hardware, lower discretionary consumer spending, inflationary pressures, and foreign currency fluctuations. Changes in government spending limits may continue to reduce demand for our products and services from organizations that receive government funding. Moreover, U.S. government contracts are subject to congressional funding, which may be unavailable or delayed, which could impact our business. 
 Prolonged or more severe economic weakness and uncertainty could also cause our expenses to vary materially from our expectations. Financial turmoil affecting the banking system and financial markets or significant financial services institution failures could negatively impact our treasury operations or those of our suppliers, vendors or customers, rapidly and without notice. Poor financial performance of asset markets and the adverse effects of fluctuating exchange rates could lead to higher pension and post-retirement benefit expenses. Interest and other expenses could vary materially from expectations depending on interest rates, borrowing costs, exchange rates, costs of hedging and the fair value of derivative instruments. Economic downturns also may lead to future restructuring actions and associated expenses. 
 Due to the international nature of our business, geopolitical or economic changes or events, uncertainty or other factors could harm our business and financial performance. 
 Approximately 65 of our net revenue for fiscal year 2023 came from outside the United States. In addition, we operate in emerging markets, which can be more volatile. Our future business and financial performance could suffer due to a variety of international factors, including: 
 instability in a country s or region s economic, regulatory or political conditions, including inflation, recession, interest rate fluctuations, changes or uncertainty in fiscal or monetary policy, actual or anticipated military or political conflicts (including the Russian invasion of Ukraine, tensions across the Taiwan Strait, the Israel-Hamas conflict and other hostilities in the Middle East), health emergencies or pandemics; 
 the imposition by governments of additional taxes, tariffs or other restrictions on foreign trade or changes in restrictions on trade between the United States and other countries, including China and Russia; 
 trade sanctions, embargoes, country localization requirements and other policies and regulations affecting production, shipping, pricing and marketing of products, including policies adopted by any country that may favor domestic companies and technologies over foreign competitors; 
 political sentiment impacting global trade, including the willingness of non-U.S. consumers to purchase from U.S. corporations; 
 local labor conditions and regulations, including labor issues faced by suppliers and Original Equipment Manufacturers OEMs ), or immigration and labor laws which may adversely impact our access to technical and professional talent; 
 changes or uncertainty in international, national or local legal environments, including tax, data handling, privacy, intellectual property, consumer protection, environmental and antitrust laws; 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 import, export or other business licensing requirements or requirements relating to making foreign direct investments, which could increase our cost of doing business, prevent us from shipping products, affect our ability to obtain favorable terms for components, increase our operating costs or lead to penalties or restrictions; 
 compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.S. export control and trade sanction laws, and similar anti-corruption and international trade laws, and adverse consequences, for any failure to comply, including compliance by recently acquired companies, which may have less robust internal compliance procedures; and 
 fluctuations in freight costs, limitations on shipping and receiving capacity, and other disruptions in the transportation and shipping infrastructure at important geographic points for our products and shipments. 
 The factors described above also could disrupt our product and component manufacturing and key suppliers located outside of the United States and our supply chain. For example, we rely on manufacturers in Taiwan to produce notebook computers and other suppliers in Asia for product assembly and manufacture and have manufacturing operations in Israel which support our Industrial Graphics business. In addition, the impact of certain geopolitical conflicts, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine or the Israel-Hamas conflict (including any escalation or expansion), and any broadening of ancillary geopolitical, economic, and other effects could also heighten the other risks identified in this report. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could adversely impact our results. 
 Currencies other than the U.S. dollar, including the euro, the British pound, Chinese yuan (renminbi) and the Japanese yen, can have an impact on our results as expressed in U.S. dollars. Global events, trade disputes, economic sanctions, inflation, increasing interest rates and emerging market volatility, and the resulting uncertainty, may cause currencies to fluctuate, which may contribute to variations in our sales in impacted jurisdictions. Because most of our revenues are generated outside the United States, fluctuations in currency exchange rates have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our net revenue growth. In addition, currency variations can adversely affect margins on sales of our products in countries outside of the United States and products that include components obtained from suppliers located outside of the United States, as well as our ability to increase prices. From time to time, we may use derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges to protect against foreign currency exchange rate risks. However, our hedging strategies may be ineffective, may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from currency variations, or may result in losses. 
 Business disruption events, including global pandemics or other public health crises, could seriously harm our future revenue, cash flows and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 Our worldwide operations could be disrupted by natural disasters, telecommunications failures, manufacturing equipment failures, power or water shortages, fires, extreme weather conditions , and other disasters or catastrophic events, for which we are predominantly self-insured. Terrorist acts or armed conflicts, for which we are predominantly uninsured, may also disrupt our operations. Global pandemics, such as COVID-19, or other public health crises may adversely affect, among other things, our supply chain and associated costs; demand for our products and services; our operations and sales, marketing and distribution efforts; our research and development capabilities; our engineering, design, and manufacturing processes; and other important business activities. These events could result in significant losses, adversely affect our competitive position, increase our costs, require substantial expenditures and recovery time, make it difficult or impossible to provide services or deliver products to our customers or to receive components from our suppliers, create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain and result in the need to impose employee travel restrictions. Our operations and those of our suppliers and distributors could be adversely affected if manufacturing, logistics, or other operations in key locations, are disrupted for any reason, such as those described above or other economic, business, labor, environmental, public health, regulatory or political reasons. In addition, even if our operations are unaffected or recover quickly, if our customers cannot timely resume their own operations, they may reduce or cancel their orders, or these events could otherwise result in a decrease in demand for our products. 
 Climate change and associated regulatory and market impacts may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 There are climate-related risks wherever our business is conducted. Global climate change is resulting, and is projected to continue to result, in natural disasters and adverse weather, such as drought, wildfires, storms, sea-level rise, flooding, heat waves, and cold waves, occurring more frequently or with greater intensity. Such extreme climate related events are driving changes in market dynamics, stakeholder expectations, local, national and international climate change policies and regulations could result in disruptions to us, our suppliers, vendors, customers and logistics hubs and impact employees abilities to commute or to work from home effectively. These disruptions could make it more difficult and costly for us to deliver our products and services, obtain components or other supplies through our supply chain, maintain or resume operations or perform other critical corporate functions, and could reduce customer demand for our products and services. Furthermore, climate change may reduce the availability or increase the cost of insurance for these negative impacts of natural disasters and adverse weather conditions by contributing to an increase in the incidence and severity of such natural disasters. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 The increasing concern over climate change has resulted, and we expect will continue to result, in transition risks such as shifting customer preferences and regulations, including with regard to our products and their environmental impact. These demands have, and we expect will continue to, cause us to incur additional costs and make other changes to our operations. If we fail to manage transition risks effectively, customer demand for our products and services could diminish, and our profitability and cash flow could suffer. Additionally, concerns over climate change have resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, the adoption of regulatory requirements designed to address climate change, such as imposing a price on carbon emissions, requirements of increased circularity in products, product efficiency and environmental certification requirements and climate-related disclosures. As a result, we may experience market access issues, restrictions on our ability to sell products to certain customers, increased compliance burdens and costs, increased indirect costs resulting from our suppliers passing on compliance costs to us, and certain of our products may be rendered obsolete or financially unviable. Further, there are an increasing number of anti-ESG government initiatives that may conflict with other regulatory requirements or our stakeholders expectations. The impacts of climate change, whether involving physical risks or transition risks, are expected to be widespread and may materially adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 Failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs and access to capital markets, as well as our subscription based offerings. 
 Our credit risk is evaluated by the major independent rating agencies. A downgrade of our current credit rating could increase the cost of borrowing under our credit facilities, reduce access to capital markets and/or market capacity for our commercial paper or require the posting of additional collateral under some of our derivative contracts. In addition, a downgrade of our credit rating could have an adverse impact on our contractual business and our strategy to increase our contractual business due to higher borrowing costs and customer preferences when deciding to purchase our subscription based offerings. We cannot be assured that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings, and any additional actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under further review for a downgrade, may impact us in a similar manner and have a negative impact on our liquidity, capital position, access to capital markets and our subscription based offerings. 
 Our debt obligations could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 In addition to our current debt, we may also incur additional indebtedness. Our debt level and related debt service obligations could have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, and reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, dividends, stock repurchases, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes. We may also be required to raise additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service obligations, debt refinancing, future acquisitions or for other general corporate purposes, which will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. Consequently, we may not be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which could adversely impact our ability to service our outstanding indebtedness or to repay our outstanding indebtedness as it becomes due and could adversely impact our business and financial condition. Additionally, further indebtedness may increase the risk of a future downgrade in our credit ratings, which could increase future debt costs, limit the future availability of debt financing and adversely affect our subscription based business. 
 The amount and frequency of our share repurchases and dividends are affected by a number of factors and may fluctuate. 
 Although historically we have announced regular cash dividend payments and we have adopted a share repurchase program, we are not obligated to pay cash dividends or to repurchase a specified number or dollar value of shares under our share repurchase program or at all. The declaration and payment of any future dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors. The level of dividends and amount, timing, and purchases under our share repurchase program, if any, are influenced by many factors and may fluctuate based on our operating results, cash flows, and priorities for the use of cash, the market price of our common stock, and, with respect to share repurchases, our possession of potentially material nonpublic information . In addition, we cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term shareholder value. 
 We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our financial statements, and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 In connection with the preparation of our financial statements, we use certain estimates and assumptions based on historical experience and other factors. Our most critical accounting estimates are described in the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this report. For example, we make significant estimates and assumptions when accounting for revenue recognition and taxes on earnings, and when including decisions related to provisions for legal proceedings and other contingencies. We also estimate sales and marketing program incentives based on a number of factors including historical experience, expected customer behavior and market conditions. These estimates and assumptions are subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that could, if not remediated, result in material misstatements in our financial statements and cause us to fail to meet our reporting and financial obligations. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 As more fully disclosed in Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of October 31, 2023 due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in our internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 We identified a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting that resulted from undue reliance on information generated from certain software solutions affecting net revenue without effectively designed information technology general controls, specifically around user access and change management. Information generated from these software solutions is used by management in accounting for net revenue, including estimating variable consideration, and certain of these software solutions are used in the processing of revenue related-transactions. This material weakness did not result in any errors. While this material weakness did not result in a material misstatement of our financial statements, this control deficiency was not remediated as of October 31, 2023 and there is a reasonable possibility that it could have resulted in a material misstatement in the Company's annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be detected. Accordingly, we have determined that this control deficiency constituted a material weakness. While the Company s management, under the oversight of the Audit Committee, has taken steps to implement our remediation plan as described more fully in Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, the material weakness will not be considered remediated until the enhanced controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that the related controls are effective. Furthermore, we can give no assurance that the measures we take will remediate the material weakness. 
 Additionally, as described more fully in Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, we executed a remediation plan with respect to certain other material weaknesses and, as a result determined that, as of October 31, 2023, such material weaknesses have been remediated. Completion of remediation does not provide assurance that our remediation or other controls will continue to operate properly or remain adequate. 
 We can give no assurance that additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future. Any failure to remediate the material weakness, or the development of new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and cause us to fail to meet our reporting and financial obligations, which in turn could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, restrict our ability to access the capital markets, require significant resources to correct the material weaknesses or deficiencies, subject us to fines, penalties or judgments, harm our reputation or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence and cause a decline in the market price of our stock. 
 
 Ineffective internal controls could impact our business and operating results. 
 
 Our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, failure or interruption of information technology systems, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and operating results could be harmed and the company could fail to meet its financial reporting obligations. 
 
 STRATEGIC AND OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 We are heavily dependent on third-party suppliers and supply chain issues have adversely affected, and could adversely affect in the future, our financial results. 
 We have at times operated in a supply-constrained environment and have faced, and may face in the future, component shortages, logistics challenges and manufacturing disruptions that impact our revenues, profitability and cash flows. We are heavily dependent on third-party suppliers and their ability to deliver sufficient key components, products and services at reasonable prices and in time for us to meet schedules for the delivery of our products and services. In addition, our operations depend on our ability to anticipate and our suppliers ability to fulfill, our needs for sufficient key components, products and services (including sourcing matched sets). Given the wide variety of products and services we offer, the large and diverse distribution of our suppliers and contract manufacturers, and the long lead times required to manufacture, assemble and deliver certain components and products, problems have and could continue to arise in production, planning and inventory management. Third-party suppliers may have limited financial resources to withstand challenging business conditions, particularly as a result of increased interest rates or emerging market volatility, and our business could be negatively impacted if key suppliers are forced to cease or limit their operations. Any changes or additions to our supply chain require considerable time and resources and involve significant risks and uncertainties. 
 We also have experienced, and may experience in the future, gross margin declines in certain businesses, reflecting the effect of competitive pricing pressures and increases in component and manufacturing costs resulting from higher labor and material costs borne by our manufacturers and suppliers that we are unable to pass on to our customers. Our business may be disrupted if we are unable to obtain equipment, parts or components from our suppliers and our suppliers from their suppliers due to the insolvency of 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 key suppliers or the inability of key suppliers to obtain credit, or if any of our distributors lack sufficient financial resources to withstand economic weakness. In addition, our ongoing efforts to optimize the efficiency of our supply chain for cost or redundancy could cause supply disruptions and be more expensive, time-consuming and resource-intensive than expected. Furthermore, certain of our suppliers and Outsourced Manufacturers OMs may decide to discontinue business with us or limit the allocation of products to us, which could result in our inability to fill our supply needs, jeopardizing our ability to fulfill our contractual obligations, which could in turn, result in a decrease in sales, profitability and cash flows, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships. 
 Other supplier problems that we could face include component shortages, excess supply, risks related to the terms of our contracts with suppliers, contingent workers, supply chain working conditions, human rights and materials sourcing, and our relationships with single-source suppliers, each of which is described below. 
 Component shortages. We have at times experienced and may in the future experience a shortage of, or a delay in receiving, certain components as a result of strong demand, capacity constraints, supplier financial weaknesses, disputes with suppliers (some of whom are also our customers), disruptions in the operations of component suppliers, supplier ability to demonstrate regulatory compliance, other problems experienced by suppliers or problems we face during the transition to new suppliers. For example, a market shortage of integrated circuits and panels and other component supply has at times affected, and may affect in the future, lead times, the cost of that supply, and our ability to meet customer demand for our products. Additionally, our Personal Systems business relies heavily upon OMs to manufacture our products and we are therefore dependent upon the continuing operations of those OMs. We represent a substantial portion of the business for certain OMs, and changes to the nature or volume of our business transactions with a particular OM could adversely affect the OM and lead to shortages or delays in receiving component products from that OM. Increased demand for particular components due to industry trends, such as components required for the operation of artificial intelligence AI ), may lead to shortages, delays, and price increases, and may result in us purchasing components in greater volumes and on earlier schedules in order to secure an adequate supply. If shortages or delays in component products occur, the price of certain components may increase, we may be exposed to quality issues, or the components may not be available at all. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build products or provide services in a timely manner in the quantities needed or according to our specifications. Accordingly, we may lose time-sensitive sales, incur additional freight costs or be unable to pass on price increases to our customers due to such component shortages or delays. If we cannot adequately address a component supply issue, we may have to re-engineer some product or service offerings, which could result in further costs and delays. 
 Excess supply. In order to secure components for our products or services, we have and may continue to make advance payments to suppliers or enter into non-cancelable commitments with vendors. In addition, we have and may continue to strategically purchase components in advance of demand to take advantage of favorable pricing or to address concerns about future availability. If we fail to anticipate customer demand, an oversupply could result in excess or obsolete components. 
 Contractual terms. As a result of binding long-term price or purchase commitments with vendors, we may be obligated to purchase components or services at prices that are higher than those available in the current market and may be limited in our ability to respond to changing market conditions. If we commit to purchasing components or services for prices in excess of the then-current market price, we may be at a disadvantage to competitors who have access to components or services at lower prices, our gross margin could suffer, and we could incur additional charges relating to inventory obsolescence. In addition, many of our competitors obtain products or components from the same OMs and suppliers that we utilize. Our competitors may obtain better pricing, more favorable contractual terms and conditions, or more favorable allocations of products and components, and our ability to engage in relationships with certain OMs and suppliers could be limited. The practice employed by our Personal Systems business of purchasing product components and transferring those components to OMs may create large supplier receivables with the OMs that, depending on the financial condition of the OMs, may create collectability risks. In addition, to secure components, we may accept contractual terms and conditions that are less favorable to us. 
 Contingent workers. We also rely on third-party suppliers for the provision of contingent workers, and our failure to effectively manage this workforce could adversely affect our financial results. Our ability to manage the costs associated with engaging a contingent workforce may be impacted by evolving local labor rights laws. 
 Working conditions, human rights and materials sourcing . Our brand perception, customer loyalty and legal compliance could be adversely impacted by a supplier s improper practices or failure to comply with our requirements for environmentally, socially or legally responsible practices and sourcing. 
 Single-source suppliers. We obtain a significant number of components from a single source due to technology, availability, price, quality or other considerations. For example, we rely on Canon for certain laser printer engines and laser toner cartridges and certain key suppliers for application specific integrated circuits ASICs ). We also rely on both Intel and AMD to provide us with a sufficient supply of processors for the majority of our PCs and workstations. Some of those 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 processors may be customized for our products. New products that we introduce may utilize custom components obtained initially from only one source until we have determined whether there is a need for additional suppliers. Replacing a single-source supplier could delay production of some products as replacement suppliers may be subject to capacity constraints or other output limitations. For some components, alternative sources may not exist or may be unable to produce the quantities of those components necessary to satisfy our production requirements. In certain circumstances, we purchase components from single-source suppliers under short-term agreements that contain favorable pricing and other terms, but that may be unilaterally modified or terminated by the supplier with limited notice and with little or no penalty. The performance of single-source suppliers under those agreements (and the renewal or extension of those agreements upon similar terms) may affect the quality, quantity and price of our components. The loss of, deterioration of our relationship with, or limits in allocation by, a single-source supplier, or any unilateral modification to the contractual terms under which we are supplied components by a single-source supplier could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 Geographic concentration . Our manufacturing facilities and suppliers have historically been, and continue to be, geographically concentrated in certain regions, which could exacerbate the risks noted above. While we are undertaking initiatives to diversify our manufacturing and supply chain footprint, such initiatives require significant investment and can be subject to regulatory, continuity, and other hurdles, and there can be no assurance that these initiatives will be successful. 
 If we cannot successfully execute our strategy and continue to develop, manufacture and market innovative products, services and solutions, our business and financial performance may suffer. 
 Our strategy is to strengthen our core businesses, innovate and develop new products, services and solutions, expand into adjacencies, and grow organically and inorganically. To execute our strategy, we must, among other things, optimize our cost structure, make long-term investments, develop or acquire and appropriately protect intellectual property, commit significant research and development and other resources, evolve our go-to-market strategy and business model to meet changing market dynamics, forces and demand. In addition, we need to innovate, develop and execute on evolutionary strategies in a rapidly changing and increasingly hybrid environment, seize on disruptive opportunities and effectively respond to secular trends and shifts in customer preferences. Our financial performance will depend in part on our ability to remain competitive in offerings geared towards new or emerging market trends, such as hybrid consumption and artificial intelligence. For example, we believe we and others in our industry face long-term challenges related to, among other things, decreased demand for printing products and solutions as a result of increased digitization and hybrid work, and increasing competition from generic alternatives. Our efforts to mitigate the impact of these challenges, such as by seeking to drive demand to HP+ enabled and profit upfront units, may not be successful. In addition, we may be unable to successfully execute our strategy, sufficiently invest in, prioritize research and development, market and scale, or accurately project the financial performance of our key growth areas or other strategic growth initiatives, accurately predict technological or business trends or control costs. Moreover, the process of developing new high-technology products, services and solutions and enhancing existing products, services and solutions, including through the introduction of AI capabilities, is complex, costly and uncertain, and we may be unable to anticipate or respond to customers changing needs, accurately identify emerging technological trends or accurately project the demand, pricing, or other market dynamics of such trends. Our ability to successfully offer our products, services and solutions in this rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning, forecasting, and management process to enable us to effectively calibrate and adjust our business and business models in response to fluctuating market opportunities and conditions. In addition, we may be unable to appropriately prioritize and balance our initiatives or effectively manage change throughout our organization. 
 Our industry is subject to rapid and substantial innovation, technological change and customer preferences. Even if we successfully develop new products and technologies, future products and technologies, including those created by our competitors, may eventually supplant ours if we are unable to keep pace with technological advances and end-user requirements and preferences and timely enhancement of our existing products and technologies or develop new ones. As a result, we could lose market share and certain of our products and technologies may be rendered uneconomical or obsolete. 
 After we develop a product, we must be able to quickly manufacture appropriate volumes while also managing costs and preserving or improving margins. To accomplish this, we must accurately forecast volumes, mixes of products and configurations that meet customer requirements, and we may not succeed in doing so within a given product s lifecycle or at all. Any delay in the development, production or marketing of a new product, service or solution could result in us not being among the first to market, which could further harm our competitive position. Moreover, new products and services may not be profitable, and even if they are profitable, the operating margins may not be as high as the historical or anticipated margins. 
 Our business and financial performance could suffer if we do not manage the risks associated with our services businesses properly. 
 The success of our services business (such as our managed print services, digital services, consumer subscriptions and other workforce services in both Printing and Personal Systems) depends to a significant degree on attracting, retaining, and maintaining or increasing the level of revenues from our customers. Our standard services agreements are generally renewable at a customer s option and/or subject to cancellation rights. We may not be able to retain or renew services contracts with our customers, or our customers 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 may reduce the scope of the services for which they contract. Factors that may influence contract termination, non-renewal or reduction include business downturns, dissatisfaction with our services or products, our retirement or lack of support for our services, our customers selecting alternative technologies, the cost of our services as compared to our competitors, general market conditions, a lower than investment grade credit rating or other reasons. We may not be able to replace the revenue and earnings from lost customers or reductions in services. While our services agreements may include penalties for early termination, these penalties may not fully cover our investments in these businesses. Our customers could also delay or terminate implementations or use of our services or choose not to invest in additional services from us in the future. In addition, the pricing and other terms of certain services agreements require us to make estimates and assumptions at the time we enter into these contracts that could differ from actual results. Any increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays in connection with the performance of these contracts, which may increase as services become more customized, could make these agreements less profitable or unprofitable. In addition, from time to time we offer new services for which customer demand and adoption rates are difficult to predict, and we may not be able to scale these services as we expect. As a result, we may not generate the revenues, profits or cash flows we may have anticipated from our services business within the expected timelines, if at all. 
 We operate in an intensely competitive industry and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance. 
 We encounter aggressive competition in all areas of our business, and our competitors have targeted and are expected to continue targeting our key market segments. We compete on the basis of our technology, innovation, performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services, ease of use, account relationships, customer training, service and support, security, availability of application software and internet infrastructure offerings, and our sustainability performance. We have faced, and may continue to face, declines in market share for our products. If our products, services, support and cost structure do not enable us to compete successfully, our results of operations, cash flows and business prospects could be affected. 
 We have a large portfolio of products and must allocate our financial, personnel and other resources across our products while competing with companies that have smaller portfolios or specialize in one or more of our product lines. Because of the size and scope of our portfolio, we may invest a greater percentage of our revenues, including on research and development, than some of our competitors. As a result, we may invest less in certain areas of our business than our competitors, and our competitors may have greater financial, technical and marketing resources available for their products and services compared to the resources allocated to our competing products and services or greater economies of scale, which could in turn result in our loss of market share. In addition, if we cannot proportionately decrease our cost structure on a timely basis in response to competitive price pressures, our gross margin, profitability and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 Our alliance partners in certain areas may be or may become our competitors in others. In addition, these partners also may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, which could reduce their business with us. 
 We have faced and expect to continue to face aggressive price competition and have lowered and may in the future need to lower the prices of many of our products and services to stay competitive, while at the same time trying to maintain or improve our market share, revenue and gross margin. Competitors who have a greater presence in some of the lower-cost markets in which we compete, or who can obtain better pricing, more favorable contractual terms and conditions, and/or more favorable allocations of products and components, have been able to offer and may continue to be able to offer lower prices than we are able to offer. Price competition often increases during periods of lower demand, including as a result of declining macroeconomic conditions. The sales prices for our products may also decline as a result of discounts, a change in or mix of products and services, anticipation of the introduction of new products and services by us or by our competitors, promotional programs, product and related warranty costs or broader macroeconomic factors. We may also provide pricing discounts to large customers, which may result in lower margins for the period in which the sales occur. In addition, currency fluctuations, particularly weakness in the Japanese Yen, has and may continue to exacerbate pricing competition for our print products and services. 
 Industry consolidation may also affect competition by creating larger, more homogeneous and potentially stronger competitors in the markets in which we operate. Our competitors may also affect our business by entering into exclusive arrangements with our existing or potential customers or suppliers. Furthermore, non-original supplies (including imitation, refill or remanufactured alternatives), which are often available at lower prices, compete with our Printing Supplies business. We may not be able to prevent the use of imitation print supplies with our printers using technological protection measures, including due to regulatory issues or other legal challenges. In addition, online and omnichannel retailers, resellers and distributors often sell our products alongside competing products, including non-original supplies, or they may highlight the availability of lower cost non-original supplies. We expect this competition will continue. 
 If we cannot continue to produce high-quality and secure products and services, our reputation, business and financial performance may suffer. 
 In the course of conducting our business, we must address quality and security issues associated with our products and services, including potential flaws in our engineering, design and manufacturing processes, unsatisfactory performance under service contracts, and unsatisfactory performance or malicious acts by third-parties. Many of our products are dependent on third-party 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 software, including from Microsoft and Google, to function as intended, and product issues also sometimes result from the interaction between our products and third-party products and software. Our business is also exposed to the risk of defects in third-party components or materials included in our products, including security vulnerabilities. The products and services that we offer are complex, and our regular testing and quality control efforts may not be completely effective in controlling or detecting all quality and security issues or errors, particularly with respect to undiscovered defects or security vulnerabilities in components manufactured by third parties. 
 If we are unable to determine the cause or find an effective solution to address quality or security issues with our products, we may delay shipment to customers, which would delay revenue recognition and receipt of customer payments. We have and may again in the future write off some or all of the value of non-performing inventory. In addition, after products are delivered, quality and security issues may require us to repair or replace such products. Addressing these issues can be expensive and may result in additional warranty, repair, replacement and other costs. In the event of security vulnerabilities or other issues with third-party components, we may have to rely on third parties to provide mitigation, which may be ineffective. Quality and security issues, including those resulting from defects or security vulnerabilities in third-party components, can impair our relationships with new or existing customers and adversely affect our brand and reputation. The proliferation of social media may increase the likelihood, speed, and magnitude of negative brand and reputation events. 
 We expect the proliferation of AI to have a significant impact on our industry and the markets in which we compete, and the development and use of AI presents competitive, reputational, and liability risks. 
 We believe the proliferation of AI, especially as it relates to our product and solutions offerings, will have a significant impact on customer preferences and market dynamics in our industry, and our ability to effectively compete in this space will be critical to our financial performance. We also believe that the effective use of AI in our internal operations is important to our long-term success. We are working to incorporate AI capabilities into certain of our products and solutions and apply AI in our own internal operations, and our research into and continued development of such technologies remain ongoing. As with many innovations, AI presents risks, challenges, and unintended consequences that could affect its rate and success of adoption, and therefore our business. We may be unable to bring AI-enabled products and solutions to market as effectively, or with the same speed or in the same volumes, as our competitors, which may hurt our competitive position. 
 
 In addition, AI algorithms may be flawed. Datasets may be insufficient or contain biased information. Ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment practices by us or others we rely on or partner with could result in incidents that impair the acceptance of AI solutions or cause harm to individuals or society. These deficiencies and other failures of AI systems could subject us to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability, including under new proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions such as the European Union, new applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws, and brand or reputational harm. Some AI capabilities present ethical issues, and we may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. If we enable or offer AI products or solutions or implement AI capabilities in our internal operations that are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, we may experience brand or reputational harm or greater employee attrition . 
 
 Our operating results have historically varied and may not be indicative of future results. 
 Our net revenue, gross margin, profit and cash flow generation vary among our portfolio of products and services, customer groups and geographic markets and therefore will likely vary in future periods. Overall gross margins and profitability in any given period are dependent on the product, service, customer and geographic mix reflected in that period s net revenue, which in turn depends on the overall demand for our products and services. We have experienced and may in the future experience delays or reductions in spending by our customers or potential customers, which could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and services and could result in a significant decline in net revenue. For example, we observed continued market uncertainty, cautious commercial spending on information technology hardware, lower discretionary consumer spending, inflationary pressures, and foreign currency fluctuations. In addition, net revenue declines in some of our businesses may affect net revenue in our other businesses, as we may lose cross-selling opportunities. Moreover, newer geographic markets can be relatively less profitable due to our investments associated with entering those markets and local pricing pressures, as well as difficulty establishing and maintaining the operating infrastructure necessary to support the high growth rate associated with some of those markets. Our efforts to address the challenges facing our business could increase the level of variability in our financial results because the rate at which we are able to realize the benefits from those efforts may vary from period to period. These factors could also make it difficult to accurately forecast revenues and operating results and could negatively affect our ability to provide accurate forecasts to suppliers and manufacturers, manage our relationships and other expenses and to make decisions about future investments. 
 
 If we fail to manage the distribution of our products and services properly, our business and financial performance could suffer. 
 We use a variety of distribution methods to sell our products and services around the world, including third-party resellers and distributors and both direct and indirect sales to enterprise accounts and consumers. Successfully managing our global, multi-tier distribution network including the interaction of our direct sales and indirect channel sales efforts to reach potential customer segments for our products and services is a complex process. Moreover, since each distribution method has distinct risks and gross margins, we may fail to implement the most advantageous balance in the delivery model for our products and services. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Conflicts might arise between our various distribution channels, we may experience the loss or deterioration of an alliance or distribution arrangement or a reduced assortments of our products, we may not be able to limit the potential misuse of pricing programs by our channel partners and we may fail to optimize the use of our pricing programs. Moreover, some of our channel partners and distributors may have insufficient financial resources and may not be able to withstand changes in business conditions, including economic weakness, industry consolidation and market trends. They may also have difficulty selling our products under new business models. Many of our significant distributors operate on narrow margins and have been negatively affected by business pressures in the past. Trade receivables that are not covered by collateral or credit insurance are outstanding with our distribution and retail channel partners. Net revenue from indirect sales could suffer, and we could experience disruptions in distribution, if our distributors financial conditions, abilities to borrow funds or operations weaken or if our distributors cannot successfully compete in the online or omnichannel marketplace. 
 Our inventory management is complex, as we continue to sell a significant mix of products through distributors. We must manage both owned and channel inventory effectively, particularly with respect to sales to distributors, which involves forecasting demand and pricing (and factoring in supply chain challenges and order cancellations). Our forecasts may not accurately predict demand, and distributors have and may continue to increase orders during periods of product shortages, cancel orders if their inventory is too high or delay orders in anticipation of new products. Distributors also may adjust their orders in response to the supply of our products and the products of our competitors and seasonal fluctuations in end-user demand. Our reliance upon indirect distribution methods, including a multi-tiered channel, may reduce our visibility into inventories, demand and pricing trends, and may therefore make forecasting and managing multi-tiered channel inventory more difficult. 
 If we were to expand direct distribution initiatives, channel and indirect distributors could consider such initiatives in conflict with their business interests and reduce their investment in the distribution and sale of our products, or cease all sales of our products. Sales of our products by channel partners to unauthorized resellers or unauthorized resale of our products has and could continue to make our forecasting and channel inventory management more difficult and impact pricing in the market. For example, in the past we have had channel partners sell products outside of their agreed territory, and misrepresent sales to unauthorized resellers as sales to end-users, frustrating our efforts to estimate channel inventory or maintain consistent pricing, and negatively impacting gross margins. Moreover, our use of indirect distribution channels may limit our willingness or ability to adjust prices quickly and otherwise to respond to pricing changes by competitors. In addition, factors in different markets may cause differential discounting among the geographies where our products are sold, which makes it difficult to achieve global consistency in pricing and creates the opportunity for grey marketing. In addition, our global channel partners may fail to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
 Our uneven sales cycle makes planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable. 
 Our quarterly sales often have reflected a pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter s total sales occurs towards the end of the quarter. This uneven sales pattern makes predicting net revenue, earnings, cash flow from operations and working capital for each financial period difficult, increases the risk of unanticipated variations in our quarterly results and financial condition, and places pressure on our inventory management and logistics systems. If orders fall short of predicted demand, this results in excess inventory. Alternatively, if orders exceed predicted demand, we may not be able to fulfill all of the orders received in each quarter and such orders may be canceled by the customer. Depending on when they occur in a quarter, developments such as a systems failure, component pricing movements, component shortages, supply disruptions, logistics challenges or declines in demand could adversely impact our inventory levels, our results of operations and cash flows in a manner that is disproportionate to the number of days in the quarter affected. 
 We experience seasonal trends in the sale of our products that may produce variations in our quarterly results and financial condition. For example, sales to governments (particularly, sales to the U.S. government) are often stronger in the third calendar quarter, and many customers whose fiscal year is the calendar year spend their remaining capital budget authorizations in the fourth calendar quarter. Consumer sales are often higher in the fourth calendar quarter due in part to seasonal holiday demand, and typically it has been our strongest quarter by revenues. European sales are often weaker during the summer months. Demand during the spring and early summer may also be adversely impacted by market anticipation of seasonal trends. However, historical seasonal patterns may not continue in the future and such patterns have been and may be impacted by supply constraints, macroeconomic conditions, such as an economic slowdown or inflationary pressures, shifts in customer behavior and the impacts of pandemics or other public health crises. Moreover, to the extent that we introduce new products in anticipation of seasonal demand trends, our discounting of existing products may adversely affect our gross margins. Many of the factors that create and affect seasonal trends are beyond our control. 
 We may not be able to execute acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully and we may have difficulty or fail to successfully integrate acquired companies. 
 As part of our business strategy, we may acquire companies or businesses, divest businesses or assets, enter into strategic alliances and joint ventures, and make investments to further our business. Risks associated with these transactions include the following: 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 We may not fully realize the anticipated benefits of any particular transaction, in the timeframe we expected or at all, such transaction may be less profitable than anticipated or unprofitable, we may not identify all factors to estimate accurately our costs, timing or other matters, and realizing the benefits of a particular transaction may depend upon competition, market trends, additional costs or investments and the actions of advisors, suppliers or other third parties. 
 Certain transactions have resulted, and in the future may result, in significant costs and expenses, including those related to compensation and benefit costs, goodwill and impairment charges, charges from elimination of duplicative facilities and contracts, inventory adjustments, assumed litigation and other liabilities, advisory fees, and payments to executive officers and key employees under retention plans. 
 Our due diligence may fail to identify significant issues with the target s product quality, financial disclosures, accounting practices or internal controls, including as a result of being dependent on the veracity and completeness of statements and disclosures made or actions taken by third parties. 
 In order to finance a transaction, we may issue common stock (potentially creating dilution) or take on additional debt. 
 These transactions could adversely impact our effective tax rate. 
 An acquisition target may have differing or inadequate cybersecurity and data protection controls. 
 These transactions may lead to litigation. 
 In addition, if we fail to identify, successfully complete and integrate transactions that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend resources to develop products, services and technology internally, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage. Furthermore, if there are future decreases in our stock price or significant changes in the business climate or results of operations of our reporting units, we may incur additional charges, which may include impairment charges. 
 In the case of a divestiture, we may have difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner. We may also dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable than we had anticipated. In addition, we may experience fewer benefits than expected, and the impact of the divestiture on our financial performance may be larger than projected. 
 The business combination and investment transactions in which we engage may be large or complex, and we must manage post-closing issues such as the integration of acquired businesses, products, services or employees. Integrations involve significant challenges and are often time-consuming and expensive and could significantly disrupt our business and the acquired business. These challenges include successfully combining product and service offerings; entering or expanding into markets; retaining key employees; integrating employees, facilities, technology, products, processes, operations (including supply and manufacturing operations), sales and distribution channels, business models and business systems; and retaining customers and distributors. 
 We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our restructuring plans and our restructuring may adversely affect our business. 
 We have undertaken and may undertake in the future restructuring plans in order to realign our cost structure and to achieve operating efficiencies that we expect to reduce costs, including the plan announced November 2022. Implementation of any restructuring plan may be costly and disruptive to our business, and we may not be able to obtain the anticipated cost savings, operational improvements and estimated workforce reductions within the projected timing or at all. Additionally, as a result of restructuring initiatives, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and/or inefficiency, loss of key employees and/or other retention issues during transitional periods. Restructuring can require a significant amount of time and focus, which may divert attention from operating and growing our business. Moreover, projections of any cost savings or other benefits associated with our restructuring plans are based on current business operations and market dynamics, and could be significantly impacted by various factors, including but not limited to our evolving business models, future investment decisions, market environment and technology landscape. For more information about our restructuring plans, see Note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 
 Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot develop, obtain, license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend. 
 We rely upon patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property IP laws in the United States, similar laws in other countries, and agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers and other parties, to establish and maintain IP rights in the products and services we sell, provide or otherwise use in our operations. However, our IP rights could be challenged, invalidated, infringed or circumvented, or such IP rights may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current market trends or to otherwise provide competitive advantages, either of which could result in costly product redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product offerings or other harm to our competitive position. In addition, we may choose to not apply for patent protection or may fail to apply for patent protection in a timely fashion. Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions we may be unable to protect our proprietary technology 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 adequately against unauthorized third-party copying or use, which could adversely affect our ability to sell products or services and our competitive position. 
 In addition, certain of our businesses and products rely on key technologies developed or licensed by third parties. We may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties at all or on reasonable terms, or such third parties may demand cross-licenses to our IP. Third-party components may become obsolete, defective or incompatible with future versions of our products, our relationship with the third party may deteriorate, or our agreements may expire or be terminated. We may face legal or business disputes with licensors that may threaten or lead to the disruption of inbound licensing relationships. In order to remain in compliance with the terms of our licenses, we must monitor and manage our use of third-party components, including both proprietary and open source license terms that may require the licensing or public disclosure of our IP without compensation or on undesirable terms. Some of these licenses may not be available to us in the future on terms that are acceptable or that allow our product offerings to remain competitive. In addition, it is possible that as a consequence of a merger or acquisition, third parties may obtain licenses to some of our IP rights or our business may be subject to certain restrictions that were not in place prior to such transaction. Because the availability and cost of licenses from third parties depends upon the willingness of third parties to deal with us on the terms we request, there is a risk that third parties who license to our competitors will either refuse to license to us or refuse to license to us on terms equally favorable to those granted to our competitors. Consequently, we may lose a competitive advantage with respect to these IP rights or we may be required to enter into costly arrangements in order to terminate or limit these rights. Finally, we may rely on third parties to enforce certain IP rights. 
 Third-party claims of IP infringement are commonplace in our industry and may limit or disrupt our ability to sell our products and services. 
 We are subject to third party claims that we or customers indemnified by us are infringing upon such parties IP rights. We have seen an increasing trend of patent assertion entities engaging in claims of infringement and assertion of patents to extract settlements, including the assertion of patents related to standardized technologies, such as Wi-Fi or video. If we cannot or do not license allegedly infringed IP at all or on reasonable terms, or if we are required to substitute technology from another source, our operations could be adversely affected. Even if we believe that IP claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend against and may divert management s attention and resources away from our business. Claims of IP infringement also might require us to redesign affected products, enter into costly settlements or license agreements, pay damage awards, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from importing, marketing or selling certain products. Additionally, claims of IP infringement may adversely impact our brand and reputation and imperil new and existing customer relationships. 
 In certain countries (primarily in Europe), proceedings are ongoing or have been concluded in which groups representing copyright owners seek to impose upon and collect from us levies upon IT equipment (such as PCs and printers). There have also been efforts to introduce, modify or extend existing levy schemes and to increase the amount of the levies that can be collected from us. The total amount of the copyright levies depends on several factors, and could be substantial. The ultimate impact of these copyright levies or similar fees, and our ability to recover such amounts through increased prices, remains uncertain. 
 System security risks, data protection breaches, cyberattacks, system outages and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or services provided to customers, and could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation and adversely affect our cash flows and stock price. 
 We are exposed to cyberattacks seeking to penetrate our network security and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. Such attacks may involve the deployment of ransomware and other malicious software programs that attack our products or otherwise exploit security vulnerabilities, or attempt to fraudulently induce our employees, customers, or others to disclose passwords, other sensitive information or provide access to our systems or data. Such risks extend not only to our own products, services, systems and networks, but also to those of customers, suppliers, contractors, business partners, vendors, and other third parties, particularly as all parties increasingly digitize their operations. We engage a significant number of these third parties to assist us with various business functions that require the use, storage, processing and deletion of data. While we make efforts to assess and validate the implementation of cybersecurity requirements and controls by these third parties with respect to the services provided and the data handled on our behalf, there remains a risk of misappropriation, compromise or breach of data outside of our direct control. In addition, hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects or vulnerabilities in design or manufacture, including bugs that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the product. Breaches of our facilities, network, or data security could disrupt the security of our systems and business applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers and protect the privacy of their data, result in product development delays, compromise confidential or technical business information, harm our reputation or competitive position, result in theft or misuse of our IP or other assets, require us to allocate more resources to improve technologies, or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, the costs to combat cyber or other security threats can be significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions. Media or other reports of perceived vulnerabilities in our network security, regardless of their immediacy or accuracy, could adversely impact our brand and reputation and materially affect our business and financial results. 
 While we have implemented security measures and internal controls designed to protect against cyber and other security threats, such measures cannot provide absolute security and may not be successful in preventing future security breaches. Moreover, these threats are constantly evolving, thereby making it more difficult to successfully defend against them or to implement adequate preventative measures. Certain vulnerabilities are difficult to detect even using our best efforts, which may allow those vulnerabilities to persist in our systems over long periods of time. In the past, we have experienced data security incidents resulting from unauthorized access to or use of our systems or those of third parties, which to date, have not had a material impact on our operations; however, there remains the possibility of a future data security incident that results in a material impact to the Company. Remote work and remote access to our systems has increased significantly, which also increases our cybersecurity attack surface. We have also seen an increase in cyberattack volume, frequency, and sophistication driven by the global enablement of remote workforces. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts may further heighten the risk of cybersecurity attacks. While we carry cyber insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
 Because we process proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our business (including data relating to employees, independent contractors and other personnel), our customers and third parties, breaches of our security measures or accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of such data can expose us, our customers, third parties and the individuals affected to a risk of loss, alteration or misuse of such information. A breach could also damage our brand and reputation or otherwise harm our business, and could result in government enforcement actions, litigation, civil monetary penalties or fines and other potential liability for us. We are subject to federal, state, and international laws relating to privacy and data protection, particularly in the U.S., European Union (such as the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR )) and China, and other countries legislative and regulatory bodies are increasingly proposing new or more stringent requirements relating to privacy and data protection. These laws and regulations continue to evolve, are increasing in complexity and number and increasingly conflict among the various countries in which we operate, which has resulted in greater compliance risk and cost for us. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of implementing new privacy and data protection measures could be significant. 
 Portions of our IT infrastructure, including those provided by third parties, may experience interruptions, outages, delays or cessations of service or may produce errors in connection with systems integrations, migration work or other causes, which could result in business disruptions. The process of remediating these issues could be more expensive, time-consuming, disruptive and resource intensive than planned. Further, such disruptions could adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and respond to customer requests and interrupt other processes, resulting in delayed sales, lower margins, lost customers or reputational damage. 
 In order to be successful, we must attract, retain, train, motivate, develop and transition key employees, and failure to do so could seriously harm us. 
 In order to be successful, we must attract, hire, retain, train, motivate, develop, and deploy qualified executives, engineers, technical staff and other key employees. Identifying, developing internally or hiring externally, training and retaining qualified executives, engineers and qualified sales representatives are critical to our future, and competition for experienced employees in the technology industry can be intense. Equity-based compensation is essential for attracting and retaining qualified employees and lack of positive performance in our stock price may adversely affect our ability to attract or retain key employees. In addition, workforce dynamics are constantly evolving and we may not be able to manage changing workforce dynamics successfully. Moreover, changes in immigration policies may impair our ability to recruit and hire technical and professional talent globally. Further, changes in our management team may be disruptive to our business, and we may be unable to successfully transition and assimilate key new hires or promoted employees or successfully execute succession plans. 
 Some anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 
 Certain provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent changes of control of HP judged as undesirable by our Board of Directors. These provisions include: authorizing blank check preferred stock, which we could issue with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock; limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; specifying that our stockholders may take action only at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and otherwise in accordance with our bylaws and limiting the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings; requiring advance notice of proposals by our stockholders for business to be conducted at stockholder meetings and for nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors; and controlling the procedures for our Board of Directors and stockholder meetings, and election, appointment and removal of our directors. These provisions could deter or 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 delay hostile takeovers, proxy contests and changes in control or our management or limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our stock. 
 Our aspirations and disclosures related to environmental, social and governance ESG matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance. 
 We have established and publicly announced ESG goals, including our commitments to address climate change, human rights, and digital equity. These statements reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our failure to adequately update, accomplish or accurately track and report on these goals on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our reputation, financial performance and growth, and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community, special interest groups and enforcement authorities. In addition, there exists certain anti-ESG sentiment among some individuals and government institutions, and we may also face scrutiny, reputational risk, lawsuits or market access restrictions from these parties regarding our ESG initiatives. 
 Our ability to achieve any ESG objective is subject to numerous risks, some of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources, the evolving regulatory requirements affecting product circularity, ESG standards or disclosures, the evolving consumer protection laws applicable to ESG matters, the availability of materials and suppliers that can meet our sustainability, diversity and other ESG goals and the availability of funds to invest in ESG initiatives in times where we are seeking to reduce costs. 
 Standards for tracking and reporting ESG matters continue to evolve. Our selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or differ from those of others. Methodologies for reporting ESG data may be updated and previously reported ESG data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations and other changes in circumstances. Our processes and controls for reporting ESG matters across our operations and supply chain are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures that may be required by the SEC, European and other regulators, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. If our ESG practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation or our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, acquiror, service provider or employer could be negatively impacted. 
 
 LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
 Our business is subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that could adversely affect our business and results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that such laws and regulations will not be interpreted and changed in ways that will require us to modify our business models and objectives or affect our returns on investments by restricting existing activities and products, subjecting them to escalating costs or increased restrictions or prohibiting them outright. In particular, we face increasing complexity in our product design and procurement operations as we adjust to new and future requirements relating to the composition of our products, their safe use, the energy consumption associated with those products, climate change laws and regulations, and product repairability, reuse, recyclability and take-back legislation. In addition, there are existing and proposed legislation related to human rights, environmental and social responsibility (including tracing requirements related to forced labor prohibitions) for our operations, supply chain partners, and our products and services. Moreover, we expect to become increasingly subject to laws, regulations and international treaties relating to climate change, such as carbon pricing or product energy efficiency requirements or more prescriptive reporting requirements. Additionally, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies and our obligations to comply with emerging laws and regulations may require us to develop additional artificial intelligence-specific governance programs. 
 As these new laws, regulations, treaties and similar initiatives and programs are adopted and implemented, we will be required to comply or potentially face market access limitations or restrictions on our products entering certain jurisdictions, sanctions or other penalties, including fines. Such burdens or costs may result in an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We could also face significant compliance and operational burdens and incur significant costs in our efforts to comply with or rectify non-compliance with these laws or regulations. Our potential exposure also includes third-party property damage, personal injury claims and clean-up costs. Further, liability under some environmental laws relating to contaminated sites can be imposed retroactively, on a joint and several basis, and without any finding of noncompliance or fault. 
 We are subject to risks associated with litigation and regulatory proceedings. 
 We face legal claims or regulatory matters involving stockholder, consumer, competition, commercial, IP, employment, and other issues on a global basis. There is an increasingly active litigation and regulatory environment, including but not limited to employment and patent-monetization claims in the United States, Germany and Brazil, and litigation and regulatory matters focused 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 on consumer protection, privacy, and competition regulation globally. Patent monetization campaigns have become increasingly aggressive, including those by patent holders for standardized technology, such as WiFi and video, who have sued in venues that allow injunctions despite commitments to license patents on fair and reasonable terms. If we are unsuccessful in defending against such claims, we may be exposed to exorbitant licensing demands in order to avoid potential disruptions to our business. As described in Note 14, Litigation and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, we are engaged in a number of litigation and regulatory matters that may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations, if decided adversely to or settled by us. Litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse rulings have occurred and may occur, including awards of monetary damages, imposition of fines, issuance of injunctions or cease-and-desist orders directing us to cease engaging in certain business practices, cease manufacturing or selling certain products, requiring the compulsory licensing of patents, or requiring other remedies. In addition, regardless of the outcome, litigation and regulatory proceedings can be costly, time-consuming, disruptive to our operations, and distracting to management. 
 
 Failure to comply with our customer and partner contracts or government contracting regulations could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 Our contracts with our customers may include unique and specialized performance requirements. In particular, our contracts with federal, state, provincial and local governmental customers are subject to procurement regulations, contract provisions and other specific requirements relating to their formation, administration and performance. In addition, contracts with customers may also include a requirement to comply with customer codes of conduct, which may have terms that conflict with our code of conduct, business policies and strategic objectives. Any failure by us to comply with the specific provisions in our customer contracts or any violation of government contracting regulations could result in loss of business or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments and, in the case of our government contracts, fines and suspension from future government contracting. Such failures could also cause reputational damage to our business and affect our ability to compete for new contracts. If our customer contracts are terminated, if we are suspended or disbarred from government work, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our financial performance could suffer. Our partner contracts also contain terms relating to new partner business models and tools creation that could raise issues for which laws or regulations are currently changing or emerging. This could affect us in ways that are not currently fully known or measurable. 
 Changes in our tax provisions, adverse tax audits, the adoption of new tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial performance. 
 We are subject to income and other taxes in the United States and approximately 60 other countries, and we are subject to routine corporate income tax audits in many of these jurisdictions. We believe that the positions taken on our tax returns are fully supported, but tax authorities may challenge these positions, and our positions may not be fully sustained on examination by the relevant tax authorities. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision, and, we believe we have provided adequate reserves for all tax deficiencies or reductions in tax benefits that could reasonably result from an audit. Our accrual for uncertain tax positions is attributable primarily to uncertainties concerning the tax treatment of our domestic operations, including the allocation of income among different jurisdictions, intercompany transactions, pension and related interest. We adjust our uncertain tax positions to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular audit. Determining the appropriate provision for potential deficiencies or reductions in in tax benefits that could reasonably result from an audit requires management judgments and estimates, and income tax audits are inherently unpredictable. We may not accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our income tax provision, net income and cash flows. 
 Our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by changes to our operating structure, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or in their interpretation or enforcement. In addition, changes in tax law and regulation in the U.S. or elsewhere could significantly impact our tax rate, the carrying value of deferred tax assets, or our deferred tax liabilities. For example, the U.S. Congress has advanced a variety of tax legislation proposals, and while the final form of any legislation is uncertain, the current proposals, if enacted, could have a material effect on the Company s effective tax rate. In addition, our effective tax rate could also be materially affected by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s (the OECD ), the European Commission s and other certain major jurisdictions heightened interest in and taxation of large multi-national companies. For instance, the OECD has enacted model rules for a new global minimum tax framework BEPS Pillar Two ), and various governments around the world have enacted, or are in the process of enacting, legislation on these rules, which could adversely affect our effective tax rate. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO THE SEPARATION 
 We continue to face risks related to the Separation, including failure to perform under the transaction agreements executed as part of the Separation and related to shared use of certain intellectual property rights. 
 In connection with the Separation, we and Hewlett Packard Enterprise entered a separation and distribution agreement and various other agreements. The separation and distribution agreement provides for cross-indemnities between HP and Hewlett Packard 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Enterprise for liabilities allocated to the respective party pursuant to the terms of such agreement. If Hewlett Packard Enterprise or its successor entities (including spun off businesses to which obligations have been transferred) are unable to satisfy their obligations under these agreements, we could incur operational difficulties or losses. 
 In addition, the terms of the Separation include licenses and other arrangements to provide for certain ongoing use of intellectual property in the operations of both businesses. For example, through a joint brand holding structure, both Hewlett Packard Enterprise and we retain the ability to make ongoing use of certain variations of the legacy Hewlett-Packard and HP branding, respectively. As a result of this continuing shared use of the legacy branding there is a risk that conduct or events adversely affecting the reputation of Hewlett Packard Enterprise could also adversely affect our reputation. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. Properties. 
 As of October 31, 2023, we owned or leased approximately 17.8 million square feet of space worldwide, a summary of which is provided below. 
 Fiscal year ended October 31, 2023 Owned Leased Total (square feet in millions) Administration and support 2.3 5.4 7.7 (Percentage) 30 70 100 Manufacturing plants, research and development facilities and warehouse operations 2.5 5.0 7.5 (Percentage) 33 67 100 Total (1) 
 4.8 10.4 15.2 (Percentage) 32 68 100 
 (1) Excludes 2.6 million square feet of vacated space, of which 2.3 million square feet is leased to third parties. 
 We believe that our existing properties are in good condition and are suitable for the conduct of our business. Each of our segments Personal Systems, Printing and Corporate Investments uses each of the properties at least in part, and we retain the flexibility to use each of the properties in whole or in part for each of the segments. 
 Principal Executive Offices 
 Our principal executive offices, including our global headquarters, which we lease, are located at 1501 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California, United States. 
 Headquarters of Geographic Operations 
 The locations of our geographic headquarters are as follows: 
 Americas Europe, Middle East, Africa Asia Pacific Palo Alto, United States Geneva, Switzerland Singapore 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Product Development and Manufacturing 
 The locations of our major product development and manufacturing facilities are as follows: 
 Americas 
 
 United States Corvallis, San Diego, Boise, Vancouver, 
 Spring, Fort Collins, Fountain Valley 

Mexico Tijuana 
 Europe, Middle East, Africa 
 
 Israel Kiryat-Gat, Rehovot, Netanya 
 
 Spain Barcelona 
 Asia Pacific 
 
 China Chongqing, Shanghai 
 
 India Bangalore 
 
 Malaysia Penang 
 
 Singapore Singapore 
 
 South Korea Pangyo 
 
 Taiwan Taipei 
 
 Technology office 
 
 Spain Barcelona 
 
 United Kingdom Bristol 
 
 United States Corvallis, Palo Alto 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 14, Litigation and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HPQ. 
 For information about dividends, see Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 As of November 30, 2023, there were approximately 47,954 stockholders of record. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 There were no unregistered sales of equity securities in fiscal year 2023. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company s share repurchase program, which does not have a specific expiration date, authorizes repurchases in the open market or in private transactions. On February 22, 2020, HP s Board of Directors increased HP s remaining share repurchase authorization to 15.0 billion in total. There were no share repurchases in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. As of October 31, 2023, HP had approximately 2.0 billion remaining under the share repurchase authorizations. From time to time HP intends to repurchase shares opportunistically and to offset the dilution created by shares issued under employee stock plans. 
 Stock Performance Graph and Cumulative Total Return 
 The graph below shows the cumulative total stockholder return assuming the investment of 100 at the market close on October 31, 2018 (and the reinvestment of dividends thereafter) in each of HP common stock, the S P 500 Index, and the S P Information Technology Index. The comparisons in the graph below are based on historical data and are not indicative of, or intended to forecast, future performance of our common stock. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 10/18 10/19 10/20 10/21 10/22 10/23 HP Inc. 100.00 74.29 79.67 138.33 129.70 128.18 S P 500 Index 100.00 114.32 125.40 179.19 152.98 168.46 S P Information Technology Index 100.00 122.57 164.82 242.15 193.09 252.65 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. [Reserved]. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The discussion of financial condition and results of our operations that follows provides information that will assist the reader in understanding our Consolidated Financial Statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain accounting principles, policies and estimates affect our Consolidated Financial Statements. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this document. This section generally discusses the results of operations for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. For a discussion of fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, which also should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 as it contained certain revisions to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal years ended 2022 and 2021. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

OVERVIEW 
 We are a leading global provider of personal computing and other digital access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions, and services. We sell to individual consumers, SMBs and large enterprises, including customers in the government, health, and education sectors. We have three reportable segments: Personal Systems, Printing, and Corporate Investments. The Personal Systems segment offers commercial and consumer desktops and notebooks, workstations, thin clients, commercial mobility devices, retail POS systems, displays, hybrid systems (includes video conferencing cameras and solutions, headsets, voice, and related software capabilities), software, support, and services. The Printing segment provides consumer and commercial printer hardware, supplies, solutions and services. Corporate Investments include certain business incubation and investment projects. 
 In Personal Systems, our long-term strategic focus is on: 
 profitable growth through innovation, market segmentation and simplification of our portfolio 
 enhanced innovation in multi-operating systems, multi-architecture, geography, customer segments and other key attributes; 
 investing in endpoint services and solutions. We are focused on services, including Device as a Service, as the market shifts to contractual solutions, and accelerating in attractive adjacencies such as hybrid systems; and 
 driving innovation to enable productivity and collaboration with the PCs becoming essential for hybrid work, learn and play. 
 We believe that we are well positioned due to our competitive product lineup along with our recent acquisitions enhancing our portfolio of hybrid systems and remote-computing solutions. 
 In Printing, our long-term strategic focus is on: 
 offering innovative printing solutions and contractual solutions to serve consumers, SMBs and large enterprises through our Instant Ink Services, HP+ and Managed Print Services solutions; 
 providing digital printing solutions for industrial graphics segments and applications including commercial publishing, labels, packaging, and textiles; and 
 expanding our footprint in 3D printing across digital manufacturing and strategic applications. 
 We are committed to growing our hybrid systems, gaming, workforce solutions, consumer subscriptions, industrial graphics and our 3D and personalization businesses at a rate faster than our core business with accretive margins in the longer term. We believe our ability to innovate will help us gain momentum in growth areas like hybrid systems and gaming, and we see significant opportunities to drive greater recurring revenues across Personal Systems and Printing. Our acquisition of Poly adds to our growth portfolio by bringing industry-leading video conferencing cameras and solutions, headsets, voice and software capabilities. Our Workforce Solutions organization drives integration across our commercial services, software and security portfolio. We continue to build on strong portfolios like Instant Ink to grow our Consumer Subscription business. In Industrial Graphics, we are driving the shift from analog to digital in segments like labels and packaging. In 3D and Personalization, we are creating end-to-end solutions that can capture more value with our differentiated technology. 
 We continue to experience challenges that are representative of the trends and uncertainties that may affect our industry, generally, and our business and financial results, specifically, and we expect these challenges to continue in the short-term. One set of challenges relates to the current macroeconomic environment and the adverse impact on demand for certain of our products. A second set of challenges relates to changes in the competitive landscape. Our primary competitors are exerting competitive pressure in targeted areas and are entering new markets, our emerging competitors are introducing new technologies and business models, and our alliance partners in some businesses are increasingly becoming our competitors in others. A third set of challenges relates to business model changes and our go-to-market execution in an evolving distribution and reseller landscape, with increasing online and omnichannel presence. Additional challenges we face at the segment level are set forth below. 
 In Personal Systems, we face challenges with a competitive pricing environment and demand softness. 
 In Printing, we face challenges from our competitors with a favorable foreign currency environment and non-original supplies (which includes imitation, refill, or remanufactured alternatives). We also obtain many Printing components from single source suppliers due to technology, availability, price, quality, or other considerations. 
 To address these challenges, we continue to pursue innovation with a view towards developing new products and services aligned with generating market demand and meeting the needs of our customers and partners. In addition, we continue to work on improving our operations and adapting our business models, with a particular focus on enhancing our end-to-end processes, analytics, efficiencies and simplification of our product portfolio. We also continue to work on optimizing our sales coverage models, aligning our sales incentives with our strategic goals, improving channel execution and inventory, production and backlog management, 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

strengthening our capabilities in our areas of strategic focus, effective cost management, strengthening our pricing strategy, and developing and capitalizing on market opportunities. 
 Macroeconomic Environment 
 Our business and financial performance also depend significantly on worldwide economic conditions. We face global macroeconomic challenges including ongoing effects of geopolitical conflicts (including the Russian invasion of Ukraine, tensions across the Taiwan Strait, the Israel-Hamas conflict and other hostilities in the Middle East), uncertainty in the markets, volatility in exchange rates, inflationary trends and evolving dynamics in the global trade environment. We also experience seasonality in the sale of our products and services which may be affected by general economic conditions. During fiscal year 2023, we observed continued market uncertainty, cautious commercial spending on information technology hardware, lower discretionary consumer spending, inflationary pressures, and foreign currency fluctuations. These market pressures created new and different demand dynamics which had significant impacts on our financial results. Geographically, we observed these macroeconomic dynamics negatively impacting certain markets, particularly China. However, in the second half of fiscal year 2023 we also observed uneven recovery in the markets. 
 During fiscal year 2023, we experienced overall demand weakness and elevated industry wide reseller inventory. However, towards the end of fiscal year 2023 inventory began to stabilize and we exited the fiscal year with normalized inventory levels. The decline in Personal Systems revenue was in line with market trends. In Printing, we saw gradual and uneven recovery in Commercial Printing driven by hybrid work trends. We experienced a competitive pricing environment across Personal Systems and Printing. These markets declined during fiscal year 2023, however we expect to see stabilization during fiscal 2024. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We have a large global presence, with approximately 65 of our net revenue coming from outside the United States. As a result, our financial results can be, and particularly in recent periods have been, negatively impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 For a further discussion of trends, uncertainties and other factors that could impact our operating results, see the section entitled Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Transformation Update 
 In November 2022, we announced our Future Ready Plan (the Fiscal 2023 Plan to become a more digitally enabled company, focus investments on key growth opportunities and simplify our operating model. The Fiscal 2023 plan is expected to run through end of fiscal 2025. The three key elements of our Fiscal 2023 plan are digital transformation, portfolio optimization, and operational efficiency. We expect to continue to invest some of the savings from these efforts across our businesses as well as partially use them to offset headwinds as a result of macroeconomic factors. 
 We exceeded our gross annual run-rate structural cost savings target for fiscal year 2023. We enhanced our digital capabilities in Workforce Solutions and continued to leverage AI to positively impact both our products and solutions. Additionally, we are reducing portfolio complexity, improving continuity of supply, and increasing our forecast accuracy across our business to drive reduction in our cost of sales and operating expenses. We also continued to reduce our structural cost through headcount reductions and executed a significant portion of the early retirement program in second quarter of fiscal 2023 and are on track to achieve our overall headcount reduction goal. 
 See Risk Factors We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our restructuring plans and our restructuring may adversely affect our business in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference. For more information on our Fiscal 2023 Plan, see Note 3, Restructuring and Other Charges, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 1 of Part I of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 General 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with United States U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net revenue and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Critical accounting estimates are those that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying amount of assets and liabilities. Management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these estimates with the Audit Committee of HP s Board of Directors. Management believes that the accounting estimates employed and the resulting amounts are reasonable; however, actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 A summary of our significant accounting policies is included in Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. Management believes the following accounting policies reflect the critical accounting estimates used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Revenue Recognition - Variable Consideration 
 We recognize revenue depicting the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that may include variable consideration. When the transaction price includes a variable amount, we estimate the amount using either the expected value or most likely amount method. We reduce the transaction price at the time of revenue recognition for customer and distributor programs and incentive offerings, rebates, promotions, other volume-based incentives and expected returns. We use estimates to determine the expected variable consideration for such programs based on historical experience, expected consumer behavior and market conditions. 
 Retirement and Post-Retirement Benefits 
 Our pension and other post-retirement benefit costs and obligations depend on various assumptions. Our major assumptions relate primarily to discount rates, mortality rates, expected increases in compensation levels and the expected long-term return on plan assets. The discount rate assumption is based on current investment yields of high-quality fixed-income securities with maturities similar to the expected benefits payment period. Mortality rates help predict the expected life of plan participants and are based on a historical demographic study of the plan. The expected increase in the compensation levels assumption reflects our long-term actual experience and future expectations. The expected long-term return on plan assets is determined based on asset allocations, historical portfolio results, historical asset correlations and management s expected returns for each asset class. We evaluate our expected return assumptions annually including reviewing current capital market assumptions to assess the reasonableness of the expected long-term return on plan assets. In any fiscal year, significant differences may arise between the actual return and the expected long-term return on plan assets. Historically, differences between the actual return and expected long-term return on plan assets have resulted from changes in target or actual asset allocation, short-term performance relative to expected long-term performance, and to a lesser extent, differences between target and actual investment allocations, the timing of benefit payments compared to expectations, and the use of derivatives intended to effect asset allocation changes or hedge certain investment or liability exposures. For the recognition of net periodic benefit (credit) cost, the calculation of the expected long-term return on plan assets uses the fair value of plan assets as of the beginning of the fiscal year unless updated as a result of interim re-measurement. 
 Our major assumptions vary by plan, and the weighted-average rates used are set forth in Note 4, Retirement and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. The following table provides the impact a change of 25 basis points in each of the weighted-average assumptions of the discount rate, expected increase in compensation levels and expected long-term return on plan assets would have had on our net periodic benefit (credit) cost for fiscal year 2023: 
 Change in Net Periodic Benefit Cost in millions Assumptions: Discount rate 5 Expected increase in compensation levels 1 Expected long-term return on plan assets 14 
 Taxes on Earnings 
 As a result of certain employment actions and capital investments we have undertaken, income from manufacturing activities in certain jurisdictions is subject to reduced tax rates and, in some cases, is wholly exempt from taxes for fiscal years through 2029. 
 Material changes in our estimates of cash, working capital and long-term investment requirements in the various jurisdictions in which we do business could impact how future earnings are repatriated to the United States, and our related future effective tax rate. 
 We calculate our current and deferred tax provisions based on estimates and assumptions that could differ from the final positions reflected in our income tax returns. We adjust our current and deferred tax provisions based on income tax returns which are generally filed in the third or fourth quarters of the subsequent fiscal year. 
 We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which we expect the differences to reverse. 
 We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that we are more likely than not to realize. In determining the need for a valuation allowance, we consider future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, the mix of earnings in the jurisdictions in which we operate and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. In the event we were to determine that it is more likely than not that we will be unable to realize all or part of our deferred tax assets in the future, we would increase the valuation allowance and recognize a corresponding charge to earnings or other comprehensive income in the period in which we make such a determination. Likewise, if we later determine that we are more likely than not to realize the deferred tax assets, we would 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reverse the applicable portion of the previously recognized valuation allowance. In order for us to realize our deferred tax assets, we must be able to generate sufficient taxable income in the jurisdictions in which the deferred tax assets are located. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and approximately 60 other countries, and we are subject to routine corporate income tax audits in many of these jurisdictions. We believe that positions taken on our tax returns are fully supported, but tax authorities may challenge these positions, and our positions may not be fully sustained on examination by the relevant tax authorities. Accordingly, our income tax provision includes amounts intended to satisfy assessments that may result from these challenges. Our accrual for uncertain tax positions is attributable primarily to uncertainties concerning the tax treatment of our domestic operations, including the allocation of income among different jurisdictions, intercompany transactions, pension and related interest. We adjust our uncertain tax positions to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular audit. Determining the appropriate provision for potential deficiencies or reductions in tax benefits that could reasonably result from an audit requires management judgments and estimates, and income tax audits are inherently unpredictable. We may not accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the amounts ultimately paid on resolution of an audit could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our provision for taxes, net earnings and cash flows. For a further discussion on taxes on earnings, refer to Note 6, Taxes on Earnings to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Product Inventory 
 We state our inventory at the lower of cost or market on a first-in, first-out basis. We make adjustments to reduce the cost of inventory to its net realizable value at the product group level for estimated excess or obsolescence considering judgments related to future demand and market conditions. Factors influencing these adjustments include changes in demand, ageing of inventory, technological changes, supply constraints, product life cycle and development plans, component cost trends, product pricing, physical deterioration and quality issues. 
 Goodwill 
 We review goodwill for impairment annually during our fourth quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable. A qualitative assessment may first be performed to determine if the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not to be less than its carrying amount. Judgment in the assessment of qualitative factors of impairment may include changes in business climate, market conditions, or other events impacting the reporting unit. If we determine an impairment is more likely than not based on our qualitative assessment, a quantitative assessment of impairment is performed. However, we may also elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative assessment. 
 Performing a quantitative goodwill impairment test includes the determination of the fair value of a reporting unit and involves significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include, among others, revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions, and the determination of appropriate market comparables. If we determine the carrying amount exceeds fair value, goodwill is impaired and the excess is recognized as an impairment loss. 
 Loss Contingencies 
 We are involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings including those consisting of intellectual property IP ), commercial, securities, employment, employee benefits and environmental matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. We record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine both the probability of having incurred a liability and the estimated amount of the liability. We review these matters at least quarterly and adjust these liabilities to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel and other updated information and events, pertaining to a particular case. Litigation is inherently unpredictable. However, we believe we have valid defenses with respect to legal matters pending against us. Nevertheless, cash flows or results of operations could be materially affected in any particular period by the resolution of one or more of these contingencies. We believe we have recorded adequate provisions for any such matters and, as of October 31, 2023, it was not reasonably possible that a material loss had been incurred in excess of the amounts recognized in our financial statements. 
 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 For a summary of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our consolidated financial statements see Note 1, Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Revenue from our international operations has historically represented, and we expect will continue to represent, a majority of our overall net revenue. As a result, our net revenue growth has been impacted, and we expect it will continue to be impacted, by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. In order to provide a framework for assessing performance excluding the impact of 
 37 

foreign currency fluctuations, we supplement the year-over-year percentage change in net revenue with the year-over-year percentage change in net revenue on a constant currency basis, which excludes the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations calculated by translating current period revenues using monthly exchange rates from the comparative period and excluding any hedging impact, and without adjusting for any repricing or demand impacts from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. This information is provided so that net revenue can be viewed with and without the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which is consistent with how management evaluates our net revenue results and trends, as management does not believe that the excluded items are reflective of ongoing operating results. The constant currency measures are provided in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the year-over-year percentage change in net revenue on a GAAP basis. Other companies may calculate and define similarly labeled items differently, which may limit the usefulness of this measure for comparative purposes. 
 Results of operations in dollars and as a percentage of net revenue were as follows: 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31 2023 2022 2021 Dollars of Net Revenue Dollars of Net Revenue Dollars of Net Revenue Dollars in millions Net revenue 53,718 100.0 62,910 100.0 63,460 100.0 Cost of revenue 42,210 78.6 50,647 80.5 50,053 78.9 Gross profit 11,508 21.4 12,263 19.5 13,407 21.1 Research and development 1,578 2.9 1,653 2.6 1,848 2.9 Selling, general and administrative 5,357 10.0 5,264 8.4 5,727 9.0 Restructuring and other charges 527 1.0 218 0.3 251 0.4 Acquisition and divestiture charges 240 0.4 318 0.5 68 0.1 Amortization of intangible assets 350 0.7 228 0.4 154 0.2 Russia exit charges 23 Earnings from operations 3,456 6.4 4,559 7.2 5,359 8.4 Interest and other, net (519) (1.0) (235) (0.4) 2,209 3.5 Earnings before taxes 2,937 5.4 4,324 6.8 7,568 11.9 Benefit from (provision for) taxes 326 0.6 (1,192) (1.9) (1,027) (1.6) Net earnings 3,263 6.0 3,132 4.9 6,541 10.3 
 
 Net Revenue 
 In fiscal year 2023, total net revenue decreased 14.6 (decreased 11.7 on a constant currency basis) as compared to the prior-year period. Net revenue from the United States decreased 12.9 to 18.8 billion, and outside of the United States decreased 15.5 to 34.9 billion. The decrease in net revenue was primarily driven by demand softness and foreign currency impacts in both Personal Systems and Printing as well as lower average selling prices ASPs in Personal Systems. 
 A detailed discussion of the factors contributing to the changes in segment net revenue is included under Segment Information below. 
 Gross Margin 
 For fiscal year 2023, gross margin increased by 1.9 percentage points, primarily driven by mix shift towards Printing, and lower commodity and logistics cost in Personal Systems, partially offset by foreign currency impacts and competitive pricing across Personal Systems and Printing. 
 A detailed discussion of the factors contributing to the changes in segment gross margins is included under Segment Information below. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and development R D 
 R D expense decreased 4.5 in fiscal year 2023, primarily due to disciplined cost management and higher R D partner funding, partially offset by the Poly acquisition. 
 38 

Selling, general and administrative SG A 
 SG A expense increased 1.8 in fiscal year 2023, primarily due the Poly acquisition partially offset by disciplined cost management including Future Ready transformation savings, and reductions in marketing spend. 
 Restructuring and other charges 
 Restructuring and other charges relate primarily to the Fiscal 2023 Plan. For more information, see Note 3, Restructuring and Other Charges , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Acquisition and divestiture charges 
 Acquisition and divestiture charges primarily include, direct third-party professional and legal fees, and integration and divestiture-related costs, as well as non-cash adjustments to the fair value of certain acquired assets such as inventory and certain compensation charges related to cash settlement of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units from acquisitions. Acquisition and divestiture charges decreased by 78 million in the fiscal year 2023, primarily due to the Poly acquisition. 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 Amortization of intangible assets relates primarily to intangible assets resulting from acquisitions. Amortization of Intangible assets increased by 122 million in the fiscal year 2023, primarily due to the Poly acquisition. 
 Interest and other, net 
 Interest and other, net for the fiscal year 2023 increased 284 million primarily due to higher interest expense on debt, factoring costs, and retirement incentive benefits associated with our EER program, partially offset by the net gain on extinguishment of debt. 
 Provision for taxes 
 Our effective tax rate was (11.1) in fiscal year 2023. The effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to impacts of internal reorganization, changes in valuation allowances, and favorable tax rates associated with certain earnings from HP s operations in lower-tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The jurisdictions with favorable tax rates that had the most significant impact on our effective tax rate in the periods presented were Singapore, Malaysia, and Puerto Rico. 
 For a reconciliation of our effective tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 in fiscal year 2023, and further explanation of our provision for income taxes, see Note 6, Taxes on Earnings to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 In fiscal year 2023, we recorded 1.1 billion of net income tax benefits related to discrete items in the provision for taxes. This amount included 726 million of tax effects related to internal reorganization, 255 million related to changes in valuation allowances, 101 million related to restructuring charges, 58 million related to the filing of tax returns in various jurisdictions, and 42 million related to acquisition charges. These benefits were partially offset by income tax charges of 60 million related to audit settlements in various jurisdictions, 27 million of uncertain tax position charges, and 25 million related to extinguishment of debt. In fiscal year 2023, excess tax benefits associated with stock options, restricted stock units and performance-adjusted restricted stock units were immaterial. 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Inflation Reduction Act into law. The Inflation Reduction Act includes a new corporate alternative minimum tax (the Corporate AMT of 15 on the adjusted financial statement income AFSI of corporations with average AFSI exceeding 1.0 billion over a three-year period. The Corporate AMT is effective for the Company beginning in fiscal 2024 and we have elected to treat any future Corporate AMT as period costs in the period they arise. If we pay the Corporate AMT it will result in a Corporate AMT credit that can be carried forward indefinitely. We will continue to analyze our ability to apply the credit against our regular federal tax liability in future years. There are a number of uncertainties and ambiguities as to the interpretation and application of the Corporate AMT, and it is possible that any future guidance with respect to the interpretation and application of the Corporate AMT could further impact our liability for corporate taxes. 
 In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD enacted model rules for a new global minimum tax framework BEPS Pillar Two ), and various governments around the world have enacted, or are in the process of enacting, legislation on this. We are in the process of assessing the tax effects of Pillar Two legislation for when it comes into effect, and we plan to treat the tax as a period cost. Due to the complexities in applying the legislation, the quantitative impact of the enacted or substantively enacted legislation is not yet reasonably estimable. 
 Segment Information 
 A description of the products and services for each segment can be found in Note 2, Segment Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. Future changes to this organizational structure may result in changes to the segments disclosed. 
 39 

Personal Systems 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31 2023 2022 2021 Dollars in millions Net revenue 35,684 44,011 43,332 Earnings from operations 2,129 2,761 3,152 Earnings from operations as a of net revenue 6.0 6.3 7.3 
 The components of net revenue and the weighted net revenue change by business unit were as follows: 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31 Net Revenue Weighted Net Revenue Change Percentage Points (1) 
 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 In millions Commercial PS 
 24,712 29,616 26,822 (11.1) 6.3 Consumer PS 
 10,972 14,395 16,510 (7.8) (4.8) Total Personal Systems 35,684 44,011 43,332 (18.9) 1.5 
 (1) Weighted Net Revenue Change Percentage Points measures contribution of each business unit towards overall segment revenue growth. It is calculated by dividing the change in revenue of each business unit from the prior-year period by total segment revenue for the prior-year period. 
 
 Fiscal year 2023 compared with fiscal year 2022 
 Personal Systems net revenue decreased 18.9 (decreased 15.5 on a constant currency basis) in the fiscal year 2023, as compared to the prior-year period. The net revenue decrease was primarily due to a 14.5 decrease in commercial and consumer client PCs unit volume due to demand softness and a decline in ASPs by 8.0 , partially offset by the Poly acquisition. The decline in ASPs was due to foreign currency impacts, unfavorable mix shift and competitive pricing. 
 Commercial PS revenue decreased 16.6 primarily driven by a decline in units of 14.1 due to demand softness and a decrease of 7.1 in ASPs, partially offset by an increase in hybrid systems revenue driven by the Poly acquisition. The lower ASPs were driven by unfavorable mix shift and foreign currency impacts. 
 Consumer PCs net revenue decreased 23.8 driven by a decline in units of 15.2 due to demand softness and a decrease of 10.1 in ASPs. The lower ASPs were driven by competitive pricing and foreign currency impacts, partially offset by favorable mix shifts. 
 Personal Systems earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue decreased by 0.3 percentage points. The decrease was driven by an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by an increase in gross margin. Gross margin increased primarily due to lower commodity and logistics cost, partially offset by foreign currency impacts and competitive pricing. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue increased primarily driven by variable compensation and the acquisition of Poly, partially offset by disciplined cost management including reductions in marketing initiatives and Future Ready transformation savings. 

Printing 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31 2023 2022 2021 Dollars in millions Net revenue 18,029 18,902 20,128 Earnings from operations 3,399 3,619 3,647 Earnings from operations as a of net revenue 18.9 19.1 18.1 
 
 40 

The components of the net revenue and weighted net revenue change by business unit were as follows: 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31 Net Revenue Weighted Net Revenue Change Percentage Points (1) 
 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 In millions Supplies 11,452 11,761 12,632 (1.6) (4.3) Commercial Printing 
 4,183 4,225 4,209 (0.2) 0.1 Consumer Printing 
 2,394 2,916 3,287 (2.8) (1.8) Total Printing 18,029 18,902 20,128 (4.6) (6.0) 
 (1) Weighted Net Revenue Change Percentage Points measures the contribution of each business unit towards overall segment revenue growth. It is calculated by dividing the change in revenue of each business unit from the prior period by total segment revenue for the prior-year period. 
 
 Fiscal year 2023 compared with fiscal year 2022 
 Printing net revenue decreased 4.6 (decreased 2.9 on a constant currency basis) for fiscal year 2023 as compared to the prior-year period. The decline in net revenue was primarily driven by a decline in Consumer Printing, Supplies, and unfavorable foreign currency impacts. Net revenue for Supplies decreased 2.6 , primarily due to decline in the installed base, usage, and foreign currency. Printer unit volume decreased 10.1 due to demand weakness and ASPs remained flat for the period. Print hardware ASPs remained flat due to unfavorable foreign currency impacts offset by favorable mix shifts in Commercial Printing. 
 Net revenue for Commercial Printing decreased by 1.0 , primarily due to a 10.2 decrease in printer unit volume, partially offset by an 8.9 increase in ASPs. The increase in ASPs was primarily driven by mix shifts, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency impacts and competitive pricing. 
 Net revenue for Consumer Printing decreased 17.9 , primarily due to a 10.1 decrease in printer unit volume and an 8.8 decrease in ASP s. The decrease in ASPs was primarily driven by competitive pricing, especially by our Japanese competitors benefiting from a favorable foreign currency environment, and unfavorable foreign currency impacts, partially offset by favorable mix shifts. 
 Printing earnings from operations as a percentage of net revenue decreased by 0.2 percentage points for fiscal year 2023, primarily due to a decline in gross margin, partially offset by lower operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. The decline in gross margin was primarily driven by competitive pricing and foreign currency impacts, partially offset by favorable mix shift. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased primarily due to lower variable compensation and disciplined cost management including Future Ready transformation savings. 

Corporate Investments 
 The loss from operations in Corporate Investments for the fiscal year 2023 was primarily due to expenses associated with our incubation projects. 
 
 41 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 We use cash generated by operations as our primary source of liquidity. We believe that current cash, cash flow from operating activities, new borrowings, available commercial paper authorization and the credit facilities will be sufficient to meet HP s operating cash requirements, planned capital expenditures, interest and principal payments on all borrowings, pension and post-retirement funding requirements, authorized share repurchases and annual dividend payments for the foreseeable future. Additionally, if suitable acquisition opportunities arise, the Company may obtain all or a portion of the required financing through additional borrowings. While our access to capital markets may be constrained and our cost of borrowing may increase under certain business, market and economic conditions, our access to a variety of funding sources to meet our liquidity needs is designed to facilitate continued access to capital resources under all such conditions. Our liquidity is subject to various risks including the risks identified in the section entitled Risk Factors in Item 1A and market risks identified in the section entitled Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in Item 7A, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Amounts held outside of the U.S. are generally utilized to support non-U.S. liquidity needs and may from time to time be distributed to the U.S. Repatriations of amounts held outside the U.S. generally will not be taxable from a U.S. federal tax perspective but may be subject to state income or foreign withholding tax upon repatriation. As we evaluate the future cash needs of our operations, we may revise the amount of foreign earnings considered to be permanently reinvested in our foreign subsidiaries and how to utilize such funds, including reducing our gross debt level, or other uses. 
 
 Liquidity 
 Our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and total debt were as follows: 
 As of October 31 2023 2022 In millions Cash and cash equivalents 3,107 3,145 Restricted cash 
 125 Total debt 9,484 11,014 
 
 Our key cash flow metrics were as follows: 
 For the fiscal years ended October 31 2023 2022 2021 In millions Net cash provided by operating activities 3,571 4,463 6,409 Net cash used in investing activities (590) (3,549) (1,012) Net cash used in financing activities (2,894) (2,068) (5,962) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 87 (1,154) (565) 
 Operating activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 0.9 billion for fiscal year 2023 due to lower earnings before taxes, working capital management activities, and changes in receivables from contract manufacturers. 
 Key working capital metrics 
 Management utilizes current cash conversion cycle information to manage our working capital level. The table below presents the cash conversion cycle: 
 As of October 31 2023 2022 2021 Days of sales outstanding in accounts receivable DSO 28 28 30 Days of supply in inventory DOS 57 57 53 Days of purchases outstanding in accounts payable DPO (117) (114) (108) Cash conversion cycle (32) (29) (25) 
 42 

The cash conversion cycle is the sum of days of DSO and DOS less DPO. Items which may cause the cash conversion cycle in a particular period to differ from historical trends include, but are not limited to, changes in business mix, changes in payment terms, timing and extent of receivables factoring, seasonal trends and the timing of revenue recognition and inventory purchases within the period. 
 DSO measures the average number of days our receivables are outstanding. DSO is calculated by dividing ending accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses, by a 90-day average of net revenue. The DSO remained flat compared to the prior year. 
 DOS measures the average number of days from procurement to sale of our product. DOS is calculated by dividing ending inventory by a 90-day average of cost of goods sold. The DOS remained flat compared to the prior year. 
 DPO measures the average number of days our accounts payable balances are outstanding. DPO is calculated by dividing ending accounts payable by a 90-day average of cost of goods sold. The increase in DPO as compared to prior-year period, was primarily due working capital management activities. 
 Investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased 3.0 billion for fiscal year 2023 as compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to the 2.8 billion Poly acquisition in the prior-year period and lower investments in property, plant and equipment of 0.2 billion. 
 Financing activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities increased by 0.8 billion in fiscal year 2023 compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to net debt repayment of 1.5 billion and repayment of 0.2 billion of collateral withdrawn for derivative instruments in the current year period, compared to issuance of senior unsecured notes net of payments of 3.1 billion, share repurchases of 4.2 billion and 0.2 billion withdrawal of collateral for derivative instruments in the prior year period. 
 Share repurchases and dividends 
 In fiscal year 2023, HP returned 1.1 billion to shareholders in the form of cash dividends of 1.0 billion and share repurchases of 0.1 billion. As of October 31, 2023, HP had approximately 2.0 billion remaining under the share repurchase authorizations approved by HP s Board of Directors. 
 For more information on our share repurchases, see Note 12, Stockholders Deficit , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Capital resources 
 Debt Levels 
 As of October 31 2023 2022 Dollars in millions Short-term debt 230 218 Long-term debt 9,254 10,796 Weighted-average interest rate 4.2 3.7 
 We maintain debt levels that we establish through consideration of a number of factors, including cash flow expectations, cash requirements for operations, investment plans (including acquisitions), share repurchase activities, our cost of capital and targeted capital structure. 
 Short-term debt increased by 12 million and long-term debt decreased by 1.5 billion for fiscal year 2023 as compared to prior-year period. The net decrease in debt was primarily due to repurchase and settlement of 1.15 billion in aggregate principal payment of various Global Notes and repurchase of 0.5 billion of the March 2029 notes related to the Poly acquisition. 
 Our weighted-average interest rate reflects the effective interest rate on our borrowings prevailing during the period and reflects the effect of interest rate swaps. For more information on our interest rate swaps, see Note 10, Financial Instruments in the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 For more information on the new notes and the redemption of existing notes, see Note 11, Borrowings , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 As of October 31, 2023, we maintained a 5.0 billion sustainability-linked senior unsecured committed revolving credit facility available until May 26, 2026. In March 2023, we also entered into a 1.0 billion senior unsecured committed revolving credit facility with a 364-day maturity. Funds borrowed under the revolving credit facilities may be used for general corporate purposes. 
 43 

Available borrowing resources 
 As of October 31, 2023, we had available borrowing resources of 1.2 billion from uncommitted lines of credit in addition to the revolving credit facilities. 
 In December 2022, we filed a non-automatic shelf registration statement (the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement with the SEC. The 2022 Shelf Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on March 1, 2023 and enables us to offer for sale, from time to time, in one or more offerings, up to 3.0 billion, in the aggregate, of debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, depository shares and warrants. 
 For more information on our borrowings, see Note 11, Borrowings , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Credit ratings 
 Our credit risk is evaluated by major independent rating agencies based upon publicly available information as well as information they obtain during our ongoing discussions. While we currently do not have any rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of a material amount of our debt, a downgrade from our current credit rating may increase the cost of borrowing under our credit facilities, reduce market capacity for our commercial paper, require the posting of additional collateral under some of our derivative contracts and may have a negative impact on our liquidity and capital position and our contractual business going forward, depending on the extent of such downgrade. See Risk Factors Failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs and access to capital markets in Item 1A, which is incorporated herein by reference. We can access alternative sources of funding, including drawdowns under our credit facilities, if necessary, to offset potential reductions in the market capacity for our commercial paper. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

CONTRACTUAL AND OTHER OBLIGATIONS 
 Our contractual and other obligations as of October 31, 2023, were as follows: 
 Payments Due by Period Total Short-term Long-term In millions Principal payments on debt (1) 
 9,585 216 9,369 Interest payments on debt (2) 
 3,059 397 2,662 Purchase obligations (3) 
 1,861 758 1,103 Operating lease obligations 1,389 485 904 Finance lease obligations 27 14 13 Total (4)(5)(6) 
 15,921 1,870 14,051 
 (1) Amounts represent the principal cash payments relating to our short-term and long-term debt and do not include any fair value adjustments, discounts or premiums. 
 (2) Amounts represent the expected interest payments relating to our short-term and long-term debt. We have outstanding interest rate swap agreements accounted for as fair value hedges that have the economic effect of changing fixed interest rates associated with some of our U.S. Dollar Global Notes to variable interest rates. The impact of our outstanding interest rate swaps at October 31, 2023 was factored into the calculation of the future interest payments on debt. 
 (3) Purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price and volume provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. These purchase obligations are related principally to inventory and other items. Purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancellable without penalty. Purchase obligations also exclude open purchase orders that are routine arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business as they are difficult to quantify in a meaningful way. Even though open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust terms based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services. 
 (4) Retirement and Post-Retirement Benefit Plan Contributions. In fiscal year 2024, we expect to contribute approximately 45 million to non-U.S. pension plans, 31 million to cover benefit payments to U.S. non-qualified plan participants and 3 million to cover benefit claims for our post-retirement benefit plans. Our policy is to fund our pension plans so that we meet at least the minimum contribution required by local government, funding and taxing authorities. Expected contributions and payments to our pension and post-retirement benefit plans are excluded from the contractual obligations table because they do not represent contractual cash outflows as they are dependent on numerous factors which may result in a wide range of outcomes. For more information on our retirement and post-retirement benefit plans, see Note 4, Retirement and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (5) Cost Savings Plans. As a result of our approved restructuring plans, we expect to make future cash payments of approximately 0.5 billion. We expect to make future cash payments of 0.3 billion in fiscal year 2024 with remaining cash payments through fiscal year 2025. These payments have been excluded from the contractual obligations table because they do not represent contractual cash outflows and there is uncertainty as to the timing of these payments. For more information on our restructuring activities that are part of our cost improvements, see Note 3, Restructuring and Other Charges , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (6) Uncertain Tax Positions. As of October 31, 2023, we had approximately 102 million of recorded liabilities and related interest and penalties pertaining to uncertain tax positions. We are unable to make a reasonable estimate as to when cash settlement with the tax authorities might occur due to the uncertainties related to these tax matters. Payments of these obligations would result from settlements with taxing authorities. For more information on our uncertain tax positions, see Note 6, Taxes on Earnings , to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements 
 As part of our ongoing business, we have not participated in transactions that generate material relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. 
 45 

We have third-party short-term financing arrangements intended to facilitate the working capital requirements of certain customers and HP. For more information on our third-party short-term financing arrangements, see Note 7 Supplementary Financial Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 In the normal course of business, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate risks that could impact our financial position, cash flows and results of operations. Our risk management strategy with respect to these market risks may include the use of derivative instruments. We use derivative contracts only to manage existing underlying exposures. Accordingly, we do not use derivative contracts for speculative purposes. Our risks, risk management strategy and a sensitivity analysis estimating the effects of changes in fair value for each of these exposures are outlined below. 
 Actual gains and losses in the future may differ materially from the sensitivity analyses based on changes in the timing and amount of foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate movements and our actual exposures and derivatives in place at the time of the change, as well as the effectiveness of the derivative to hedge the related exposure. 
 Foreign currency exchange rate risk 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent in our sales commitments, anticipated sales, anticipated purchases and assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We transact business in over 40 currencies worldwide, of which the most significant foreign currencies to our operations for fiscal year 2023 were Euro, Chinese yuan renminbi, Japanese yen and British pound. For most currencies, we are a net receiver of the foreign currency and therefore benefit from a weaker U.S. dollar and are adversely affected by a stronger U.S. dollar relative to the foreign currency. Even where we are a net receiver of the foreign currency, a weaker U.S. dollar may adversely affect certain expense figures, if taken alone. 
 We use a combination of forward contracts and at times, options designated as cash flow hedges to protect against the foreign currency exchange rate risks inherent in our forecasted net revenue and, to a lesser extent in cost of sales. We also use other derivatives not designated as hedging instruments consisting primarily of forward contracts to hedge foreign currency balance sheet exposures. Alternatively, we may choose not to hedge the risk associated with our foreign currency exposures, primarily if such exposure acts as a natural hedge for offsetting amounts denominated in the same currency or if the currency is too difficult or too expensive to hedge. 
 We have performed sensitivity analyses as of October 31, 2023 and 2022, using a modeling technique that measures the change in the fair values arising from a hypothetical 10 adverse movement in the levels of foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar, with all other variables held constant. The analyses cover all of our foreign currency derivative contracts offset by underlying exposures. The foreign currency exchange rates we used in performing the sensitivity analysis were based on market rates in effect at October 31, 2023 and 2022. The sensitivity analyses indicated that a hypothetical 10 adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates would result in a foreign exchang e l oss of 133 million and 134 million at October 31, 2023 and October 31, 2022, respectively. 
 Interest rate risk 
 We also are exposed to interest rate risk related to debt we have issued and our investment portfolio. 
 We issue long-term debt in either U.S. dollars or foreign currencies based on market conditions at the time of financing. We may use interest rate and/or currency swaps to modify the market risk exposures in connection with the debt to achieve a floating interest expense and/or U.S. dollar principal outflows. The swap transactions generally involve the exchange of fixed for floating interest payments. However, we may choose not to swap fixed for floating interest payments or may terminate a previously executed swap if we believe a larger proportion of fixed-rate debt would be beneficial. 
 In order to hedge the fair value of certain fixed-rate investments, we may enter into interest rate swaps that convert fixed interest returns into variable interest returns. We may use cash flow hedges to hedge the variability in interest income received on certain variable-rate investments. We may also enter into interest rate swaps that convert variable rate interest returns into fixed-rate interest returns. 
 We have performed sensitivity analyses as of October 31, 2023 and 2022, using a modeling technique that measures the change in the fair values arising from a hypothetical 10 adverse movement in the levels of interest rates across the entire yield curve, with all other variables held constant. The analyses cover our debt, investments and interest rate swaps. The analyses use actual or approximate maturities for the debt, investments and interest rate swaps. The discount rates used were based on the market interest rates in effect at October 31, 2023 and 2022. The sensitivity analyses indicated that a hypothetical 10 adverse movement in interest rates would have resulted in a loss in the fair values of our debt and investments, net of interest rate swaps, of 196 million at October 31, 2023 and 210 million at October 31, 2022. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 49 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 53 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 56 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 57 
 Note 2: Segment Information 
 63 
 Note 3: Restructuring and Other Charges 
 66 
 Note 4: Retirement and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans 
 66 
 Note 5: Stock-Based Compensation 
 73 
 Note 6: Taxes on Earnings 
 77 
 Note 7: Supplementary Financial Information 
 81 
 Note 8: Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 85 
 Note 9: Fair Value 
 85 
 Note 10: Financial Instruments 
 88 
 Note 11: Borrowings 
 92 
 Note 12: Stockholders Deficit 
 94 
 Note 13: Net Earnings Per Share 
 96 
 Note 14: Litigation and Contingencies 
 97 
 Note 15: Guarantees, Indemnifications and Warranties 
 100 
 Note 16: Commitments 
 101 
 Note 17: Leases 
 101 
 Note 18: Acquisitions 
 104 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of HP Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of HP Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of October 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders' deficit and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at October 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated December 15, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 
 Estimation of variable consideration 
 Description of the Matter 
 As described in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company reduces revenue for customer and distributor programs and incentive offerings including rebates, promotions and other volume-based incentives. The Company uses estimates to determine the expected variable consideration for such programs based on factors like historical experience, expected customer behavior and market conditions. Estimated variable consideration is presented within other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet and totaled 3.1 billion at October 31, 2023. 
 Auditing the Company s measurement of variable consideration is especially challenging because the calculation reflects management s assumptions about expected future claims activity and changes in those assumptions can have a material effect on the amount of variable consideration recognized. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company s key assumptions and judgments, and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used to determine the estimated variable consideration. We inspected the underlying agreements to understand the nature of variable consideration offered to customers. We evaluated management s estimate by comparing previous estimates of variable consideration to actual payments in subsequent periods. We developed an expectation of the ending accrual and compared our expectation to the amount recorded by the Company. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2000. 
 
 December 15, 2023 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of HP Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited HP Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, HP Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management s assessment. The material weakness resulted from undue reliance on certain software solutions affecting net revenue without effectively designed information technology general controls, specifically around user access and change management. Information generated from these software solutions is used by management in accounting for net revenue, including estimating variable consideration, and certain of these software solutions are used in the processing of revenue related transactions. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of October 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders' deficit and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated December 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ ERNST YOUNG LLP 
 
 San Jose, California 
 December 15, 2023 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 HP s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. HP s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. HP s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of HP; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of HP are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of HP; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of HP s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 HP s management assessed the effectiveness of HP s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2023, utilizing the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework). 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, management identified a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. The material weakness resulted from undue reliance on information generated from certain software solutions affecting net revenue without effectively designed information technology general controls, specifically around user access and change management. Information generated from these software solutions is used by management in accounting for net revenue, including estimating variable consideration, and certain of these software solutions are used in the processing of revenue-related transactions. This material weakness did not result in any errors. 
 While this material weakness did not result in a material misstatement of our financial statements, this control deficiency was not remediated as of October 31, 2023 and there is a reasonable possibility that it could have resulted in a material misstatement in the Company's annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be detected. Accordingly, we determined that this control deficiency constituted a material weakness. 
 As a result of this material weakness, management has concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2023. 
 The effectiveness of HP s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2023 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, HP s independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 /s/ ENRIQUE LORES /s/ MARIE MYERS Enrique Lores 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 December 15, 2023 
 Marie Myers 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 December 15, 2023 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Earnings For the fiscal years ended October 31 2023 2022 2021 In millions, except per share amounts Net revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue Research and development Selling, general and administrative Restructuring and other charges Acquisition and divestiture charges Amortization of intangible assets Russia exit charges Total costs and expenses Earnings from operations Interest and other, net ) ) Earnings before taxes Benefit from (provision for) taxes 
 ) ) Net earnings Net earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares used to compute net earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income For the fiscal years ended October 31 2023 2022 2021 In millions Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss) before taxes: Change in unrealized components of available-for-sale debt securities: Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period 
 ) Change in unrealized components of cash flow hedges: Unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period 
 ) ) (Gains) losses reclassified into earnings ) ) ) Change in unrealized components of defined benefit plans: (Losses) gains arising during the period 
 ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss and prior service benefit Curtailments, settlements and other ) ) ) Change in cumulative translation adjustment ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before taxes 
 ) Benefit (provision for) from taxes 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of taxes 
 ) Comprehensive income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets As of October 31 2023 2022 In millions, except par value ASSETS Current assets: Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Inventory Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Notes payable and short-term borrowings Accounts payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Other non-current liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders deficit: 0 Preferred stock, par value shares authorized; issued) 
 Common stock, par value shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2023, and 2022 respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the fiscal years ended October 31 2023 2022 2021 In millions Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Restructuring and other charges Deferred taxes on earnings ) ) Defined benefit plan settlement gains 
 ) Other, net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) Inventory ) Accounts payable ) ) Net investment in leases ) ) ) Taxes on earnings ) Restructuring and other ) ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Investment in property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Purchases of available-for-sale securities and other investments ) ) ) Maturities and sales of available-for-sale securities and other investments Collateral posted for derivative instruments Payments made in connection with business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: (Payments of) Proceeds from short-term borrowings with original maturities less than 90 days, net ) ) Proceeds from debt, net of issuance costs Payment of debt ) ) ) Stock-based award activities and others ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Collateral withdrawn for derivative instruments ) Settlement of cash flow hedges ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow disclosures: Income taxes paid, net of refunds Interest expense paid 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 Total Stockholders Deficit Number of Shares Par Value Accumulated Deficit In millions, except number of shares in thousands Balance October 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of taxes 
 Comprehensive income Issuance of common stock in connection with employee stock plans and other ) ) Repurchases of common stock (Note 12) ) ) ) ) ) Cash dividends per common share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Balance October 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of taxes Comprehensive income Issuance of common stock in connection with employee stock plans and other ) ) Repurchases of common stock (Note 12) ) ) ) ) ) Cash dividends per common share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Business acquisitions Balance October 31, 2022 
 ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes 
 ) ) Comprehensive income Issuance of common stock in connection with employee stock plans and other ) ) Repurchases of common stock (Note 12) ) ) ) ) Cash dividends per common share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Balance October 31, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 1: 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 58 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Such costs totaled approximately million, million and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 and of gross accounts receivable as of October 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. One customer TD Synnex Corp accounted for of gross accounts receivable as of October 31, 2023. Two customers, TD Synnex Corp and Ingram Micro Inc., accounted for and , respectively, of gross accounts receivable as of October 31, 2022. Credit risk with respect to other accounts receivable is generally diversified due to HP s large customer base and their dispersion across many different industries and geographic markets. HP performs ongoing credit evaluations of the financial condition of its third-party distributors, resellers and other customers and may require collateral, such as letters of credit and bank guarantees, in certain circumstances. 
 HP utilizes outsourced manufacturers around the world to manufacture HP-designed products. HP may purchase product components from suppliers and sell those components to its outsourced manufacturers thereby creating receivable balances from the outsourced manufacturers. The three largest outsourced manufacturer receivable balances collectively represented and of HP s supplier receivables of billion as of both October 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. HP includes the supplier receivables in Other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a gross basis. HP s credit risk associated with these receivables is mitigated wholly or in part, by the amount HP owes to these outsourced manufacturers, as HP generally has the legal right to offset its payables to the outsourced manufacturers against these receivables. HP does not reflect the sale of these components in net revenue and does not recognize any profit on these component sales until the related products are sold by HP, at which time any profit is recognized as a reduction to cost of revenue. 
 HP obtains a significant number of components from single source suppliers like Canon, due to technology, availability, price, quality or other considerations. The loss of a single source supplier, the deterioration of HP s relationship with a single source supplier, or any unilateral modification to the contractual terms under which HP is supplied components by a single source supplier could adversely affect HP s net revenue, cash flows and gross margins. 
 years for buildings and improvements and three to years for machinery and equipment. HP depreciates leasehold improvements over the life of the lease or the asset, whichever is shorter. HP depreciates equipment held for lease over the initial term of the lease to the equipment s estimated residual value. On retirement or disposition, the 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 . 
 HP also enters into certain cloud-based software hosting arrangements that are accounted for as service contracts. For internal-use software obtained through a hosting arrangement that is in the nature of a service contract, HP incurs certain implementation costs such as integrating, configuring, and software customization, which are consistent with costs incurred during the application development stage for on-premise software. HP applies the same guidance to determine costs that are eligible for capitalization. For these arrangements, HP amortizes the capitalized development costs straight-line over the fixed, non-cancellable term of the associated hosting arrangement plus any reasonably certain renewal periods. HP also applies the same impairment model to both internal-use software and capitalized implementation costs in a software hosting arrangement that is in the nature of a service contract. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 62 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Note 2: 
 reportable segments: Personal Systems, Printing, and Corporate Investments. HP s organizational structure is based on many factors that the chief operating decision maker CODM uses to evaluate, view and run the business operations, which include, but are not limited to, customer base and homogeneity of products and technology. The segments are based on this organizational structure and information reviewed by HP s CODM to evaluate segment results. The CODM uses several metrics to evaluate the performance of the overall business, including earnings from operations, and uses these results to allocate resources to each of the segments. 
 Personal Systems groups its global business capabilities into the following business units when reporting business performance: 
 Commercial PS consist of endpoint computing devices and hybrid systems, for use by enterprise, public sector (which includes education), and SMB customers, with a focus on robust designs, security, serviceability, connectivity, reliability and manageability in the customer s environment. Additionally, HP offers a range of services and solutions to enterprise, public sector (which includes education), and SMB customers to help them manage the lifecycle of their personal computers PCs and mobility installed base. 
 Consumer PS consist of devices, accessories and services which are optimized for consumer usage, focusing on gaming, learning and working remotely, consuming multi-media for entertainment, managing personal life activities, staying connected, sharing information, getting things done for work including creating content and staying informed and secure. 
 Printing groups its global business capabilities into the following business units when reporting business performance: 
 Commercial Printing consists of office printing solutions, graphics solutions and 3D printing and personalization, excluding supplies; 
 Consumer Printing consists of home printing solutions, excluding supplies; and 
 Supplies comprises a set of highly innovative consumable products, ranging from ink and laser cartridges to media, graphics supplies and 3D printing and digital manufacturing supplies, for recurring use in consumer and commercial hardware. 
 Corporate Investments includes certain business incubation and investment projects. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Consumer PS 
 Personal Systems Supplies Commercial Printing Consumer Printing Printing Corporate Investments Total segment net revenue Other ) ) ) Total net revenue Earnings before taxes: Personal Systems Printing Corporate Investments ) ) ) Total segment earnings from operations Corporate and unallocated costs and other ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense ) ) ) Restructuring and other charges ) ) ) Acquisition and divestiture charges ) ) ) Amortization of intangible assets ) ) ) Russia exit charges ) Interest and other, net ) ) Total earnings before taxes 
 
 Realignment 
 Effective the first quarter of fiscal 2023, HP realigned the Personal Systems business units reporting structure into Commercial PS and Consumer PS to align with its customer market segmentation. Additionally, in connection with certain other organizational realignments, some costs which were earlier reflected under Corporate and unallocated cost and other , have now been reclassified to the Personal Systems and Printing segments . 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Printing Corporate Investments Corporate and unallocated assets Total assets 
 Major Customers 
 No single customer represented 10 or more of HP s net revenue in any fiscal year presented. 
 Geographic Information 
 Net revenue by country is based upon the sales location that predominately represents the customer location. For each of the fiscal years of 2023, 2022 and 2021, other than the United States, no country represented more than 10 of HP net revenue. 
 Other countries Total net revenue 
 
 Singapore South Korea Malaysia 
 Other countries Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 No single country other than those represented above exceeds 10 or more of HP s total net property, plant and equipment in any fiscal year presented. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Note 3: 
 
 Charges Cash payments ) ) Non-cash and other adjustments ) ) Accrued balance as of October 31, 2021 
 Charges Cash payments ) ) Non-cash and other adjustments ) ) Accrued balance as of October 31, 2022 
 Charges Cash payments ) ) ) ) Non-cash and other adjustments ) (2) ) ) Accrued balance as of October 31, 2023 
 Total costs incurred to date as of October 31, 2023 
 Reflected in Consolidated Balance Sheets: Other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities 
 (1) Primarily includes the fiscal 2020 plan along with other legacy plans, all of which are substantially complete. HP does not expect any further material activity associated with these plans. 
 (2) Includes reclassification of liability related to the Enhanced Early Retirement EER plan of for certain healthcare and medical savings account benefits to pension and post-retirement plans. See Note 4 Retirement and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans for further information . 
 Fiscal 2023 Plan 
 On November 18, 2022, HP s Board of Directors approved the Future Ready Plan (the Fiscal 2023 Plan intended to enable digital transformation, portfolio optimization and operational efficiency which HP expects will be implemented through fiscal 2025. HP expects to reduce global headcount by approximately to employees. HP estimates that it will incur pre-tax charges of approximately billion, of which approximately billion primarily in labor costs related to workforce reductions and the remaining costs will relate to non-labor actions and other charges. 
 Other charges 
 Other charges include non-recurring costs, including those as a result of information technology rationalization efforts and transformation program management costs, and are distinct from ongoing operational costs. These costs primarily relate to third-party professional services and other non-recurring costs. HP incurred million, million and million of other charges in fiscal year 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 4: 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively. The DPSP obligations are equal to the plan assets and are recognized as an offset to the Pension Plan when HP calculates its defined benefit pension cost and obligations. 
 Post-Retirement Benefit Plans 
 HP sponsors retiree health and welfare benefit plans, of which the most significant are in the United States. Under the HP Inc. Retiree Welfare Benefits Plan, certain pre-2003 retirees and grandfathered participants with continuous service to HP since 2002 are eligible to receive partially subsidized medical coverage based on years of service at retirement. HP s share of the premium cost is capped for all subsidized medical coverage provided under the HP Inc. Retiree Welfare Benefits Plan. HP currently leverages the employer group waiver plan process to provide HP Inc. Retiree Welfare Benefits Plan post-65 prescription drug coverage under Medicare Part D, thereby giving HP access to federal subsidies to help pay for retiree benefits. 
 Certain employees not grandfathered for partially subsidized medical coverage under the above programs, and employees hired after 2002 but before August 2008, are eligible for credits under the HP Inc. Retiree Welfare Benefits Plan. Credits offered after September 2008 are provided in the form of matching credits on employee contributions made to a voluntary employee beneficiary association upon attaining age or as part of early retirement programs. On retirement, former employees may use these credits for the reimbursement of certain eligible medical expenses, including premiums required for coverage. 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 HP offers various defined contribution plans for U.S. and non-U.S. employees. Total defined contribution expense was million in fiscal year 2023, million in fiscal year 2022 and million in fiscal year 2021. 
 U.S. employees are automatically enrolled in the HP Inc. 401(k) Plan when they meet eligibility requirements, unless they decline participation. The employer matching contributions in the HP Inc. 401(k) Plan is of the first of eligible compensation contributed by employees, and the employer match is vested after of employee service. Generally, an employee must be employed by HP Inc. on the last day of the calendar year to receive a match. 
 Pension and Post-Retirement Benefit Expense 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization and deferrals: Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit (credit) cost ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlement (gain) loss ) Special termination benefit cost Total periodic benefit (credit) cost ) ) ) ) 
 The components of net periodic benefit (credit) cost other than the service cost component are included in Interest and other, net in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Expected increase in compensation levels Expected long-term return on plan assets Guaranteed interest crediting rate 
 
 Funded Status 
 Actual return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Employer contributions Participant contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlement ) ) ) ) Currency impact ) Fair value of assets end of year Change in benefits obligation Projected benefit obligation beginning of year Acquisition of plan Service cost Interest cost Participant contributions Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Plan amendments ) Curtailment Settlement ) ) ) ) Special termination benefit cost Currency impact ) Projected benefit obligation end of year Funded status at end of year ) ) ) Accumulated benefit obligation 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Expected increase in compensation levels Guaranteed interest crediting rate 
 Other current liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Other non-current liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Funded status at end of year ) ) ) 
 ) Prior service cost (credit) ) Total recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 Aggregate projected benefit obligation 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Aggregate accumulated benefit obligation 
 
 Fair Value of Plan Assets 
 Debt securities (2) 
 Corporate 
 Government 
 Insurance contracts Common collective trusts and 103-12 Investment entities (3) 
 Investment funds (4) 
 Cash and cash equivalents (5) 
 ) ) Other (6) 
 ) ) ) Net plan assets subject to leveling ) Investments using NAV as a practical expedient (7) 
 Investments at fair value 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Debt securities (2) 
 Corporate 
 Government 
 Real estate funds Insurance contracts Common collective trusts and 103-12 Investment entities (3) 
 Investment funds (4) 
 Cash and cash equivalents (5) 
 ) ) Other (6) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Net plan assets subject to leveling ) Investments using NAV as a practical expedient (7) 
 Investments at fair value 
 (1) Investments in publicly traded equity securities are valued using the closing price on the measurement date as reported on the stock exchange on which the individual securities are traded. 
 (2) The fair value of corporate, government and asset-backed debt securities is based on observable inputs of comparable market transactions. Also included in this category is debt issued by national, state and local governments and agencies. 
 (3) Department of Labor 103-12 IE (Investment Entity) designation is for plan assets held by two or more unrelated employee benefit plans which includes limited partnerships and venture capital partnerships. Certain common collective trusts and interests in 103-12 entities are valued using NAV as a practical expedient. 
 (4) Includes publicly traded funds of investment companies that are registered with the SEC, funds that are not publicly traded and a non-U.S. fund-of-fund arrangement. 
 (5) Includes cash and cash equivalents such as short-term marketable securities. Cash and cash equivalents include money market funds, which are valued based on NAV. Other assets were classified in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input (e.g., quoted prices and observable inputs) that is significant to the fair value measure in its entirety. 
 (6) Includes primarily reverse repurchase agreements, unsettled transactions, and derivative instruments. 
 (7) These investments include alternative investments, which primarily consist of private equities and hedge funds. The valuation of alternative investments, such as limited partnerships and joint ventures, may require significant management judgment. For alternative investments, valuation is based on NAV as reported by the asset manager or investment company and adjusted for cash flows, if necessary. In making such an assessment, a variety of factors are reviewed by management, including but not limited to the timeliness of NAV as reported by the asset manager and changes in general economic and market conditions subsequent to the last NAV reported by the asset manager. 
 Private equities include limited partnerships such as equity, buyout, venture capital, real estate and other similar funds that invest in the United States and internationally where foreign currencies are hedged. 
 Hedge funds include limited partnerships that invest both long and short primarily in common stocks and credit, relative value, event-driven equity, distressed debt and macro strategies. Management of the hedge funds has the ability to shift investments from value to growth strategies, from small to large capitalization stocks and bonds, and from a net long position to a net short position. 
 These investments also include Common Collective Trusts and 103-12 Investment Entities as defined in note (3) above and Investment Funds as defined in note (4) above. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Debt securities Real estate Cash and cash equivalents Other Total 
 Investment Policy 
 HP s investment strategy is to seek a competitive rate of return relative to an appropriate level of risk depending on the funded status of each plan and the timing of expected benefit payments. The majority of the plans investment managers employ active investment management strategies with the goal of outperforming the broad markets in which they invest. Risk management practices include diversification across asset classes and investment styles and periodic rebalancing toward asset allocation targets. A number of the plans investment managers are authorized to utilize derivatives for investment or liability exposures, and HP may utilize derivatives to affect asset allocation changes or to hedge certain investment or liability exposures. 
 The target asset allocation selected for each U.S. plan (pension and post-retirement) reflects a risk/return profile HP believes is appropriate relative to each plan s liability structure and return goals. HP conducts periodic asset-liability studies for U.S. plans to model various potential asset allocations in comparison to each plan s forecasted liabilities and liquidity needs. Due to the strong funded status for the U.S. Pension Plan, consistent with our policy, steps have been taken to de-risk the portfolio by reallocation of assets to liability hedging fixed-income investments. 
 Outside the United States, asset allocation decisions are typically made by an independent board of trustees for the specific plan. As in the United States, investment objectives are designed to generate returns that will enable the plan to meet its future obligations. HP reviews the investment strategy and where appropriate, can offer some assistance in the selection of investment managers, with final decisions on asset allocation and investment managers made by the board of trustees for the specific plan. 
 Basis for Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on Plan Assets 
 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets reflects the expected returns for each major asset class in which the plan invests and the weight of each asset class in the target mix. Expected asset returns reflect the current yield on government bonds, risk premiums for each asset class and expected real returns which considers each country s specific inflation outlook. Because HP s investment policy is to employ primarily active investment managers who seek to outperform the broader market, the expected returns are adjusted to reflect the expected additional returns net of fees. 
 Retirement Incentive Program 
 As part of the Fiscal 2023 Plan, HP announced a voluntary EER program for its U.S. employees in January 2023. Voluntary participation in the EER program was limited to employees at least years old with 10 or more years of service at HP. Employees accepted into the EER program left HP on dates ranging from March 15, 2023 to October 31, 2023. The U.S. defined benefit pension plan was amended to provide that the EER benefit will be paid from the plan for eligible electing EER participants. The retirement incentive benefit is calculated as a lump sum based on years of service at HP at the time of retirement, ranging from 20 to 52 weeks of pay. As a result of this retirement incentive, HP recognized a special termination benefit STB expense of million for the year ended October 31, 2023 as a restructuring charge. This expense is the present value of all additional benefits that HP will distribute from the pension plan assets. 
 All employees participating in the EER program were offered the opportunity to continue health care coverage at the active employee contribution rates for up to months following retirement, but not beyond age 65 when Medicare is available. In addition, HP is providing up to in employer credits under the Retirement Medical Savings Account program. HP recognized an additional STB expense of million as restructuring and other charges for the year ended October 31, 2023 for the health care incentives. 
 Future Contributions and Funding Policy 
 In fiscal year 2024, HP expects to contribute approximately million to its non-U.S. pension plans, million to cover benefit payments to U.S. non-qualified plan participants and million to cover benefit claims for HP s post-retirement benefit plans. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Next five fiscal years to October 31, 2033 

Note 5: 
 Income tax benefit ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net of tax 
 Cash received from option exercises under the HP Inc 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, and ESPP purchases under the HP Inc. 2011 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2011 ESPP and HP Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2021 ESPP was million in fiscal year 2023, million in fiscal year 2022 and million in fiscal year 2021. The benefit realized for the tax deduction from option exercises in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Stock-Based Incentive Compensation Plans 
 HP s stock-based incentive compensation plan includes equity plan adopted in 2004, as amended and restated principal equity plan ). Stock-based awards granted under the equity plan includes restricted stock awards, stock options and performance-based awards. Employees meeting certain employment qualifications are eligible to receive stock-based awards. The aggregate number of shares of HP s stock authorized for issuance under the principal equity plan is million. 
 Restricted stock awards are non-vested stock awards that may include grants of restricted stock or restricted stock units. Restricted stock awards and cash-settled awards are generally subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to the lapse of the restrictions. Such awards generally vest one to from the date of grant. During the vesting period, ownership of the restricted stock cannot be transferred. Restricted stock has the same dividend and voting rights as common stock and is considered to be issued and outstanding upon grant. The dividends paid on restricted stock are non-forfeitable. Restricted stock units do not have the voting rights of common stock, and the shares underlying restricted stock units are not considered issued and outstanding upon grant. However, shares underlying restricted stock units are included in the calculation of diluted net EPS. Restricted stock units have forfeitable dividend equivalent rights equal to the dividend paid on common stock. HP expenses the fair value of restricted stock awards ratably over the period during which the restrictions lapse. The majority of restricted stock units issued by HP contain only service vesting conditions. HP also grants performance-adjusted restricted stock units which vest only on the satisfaction of both service and the achievement of certain performance goals including market conditions prior to the expiration of the awards. 
 Stock options granted under the principal equity plan are generally non-qualified stock options, but the principal equity plan permits some options granted to qualify as incentive stock options under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. Stock options generally vest over three to from the date of grant. The exercise price of a stock option is equal to the closing price of HP s stock on the 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Risk-free interest rate (2) 
 Expected performance period in years (3) 
 
 (1) The expected volatility was estimated using the historical volatility derived from HP s common stock. 
 (2) The risk-free interest rate was estimated based on the yield on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues. 
 (3) The expected performance period was estimated based on the length of the remaining performance period from the grant date. 
 
 Granted (1) 
 Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Outstanding at end of year 
 The total grant date fair value of restricted stock units vested in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. As of October 31, 2023, total unrecognized pre-tax stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock units was million, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of years . 
 Stock Options 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Expected volatility (2) 
 Risk-free interest rate (3) 
 Expected dividend yield (4) 
 Expected term in years (5) 
 
 (1) The weighted-average fair value was based on stock options granted during the period. 
 (2) Expected volatility was estimated based on a blended volatility historical volatility and implied volatility from traded options on HP s common stock). 
 (3) The risk-free interest rate was estimated based on the yield on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues. 
 (4) The expected dividend yield represents a constant dividend yield applied for the duration of the expected term of the award. 
 . 
 
 Granted Exercised ) ) ) Forfeited/cancelled/expired ) ) ) Outstanding at end of year Vested and expected to vest Exercisable 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value that option holders would have realized had all option holders exercised their options on the last trading day of fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021. The aggregate intrinsic value is the difference between HP s closing stock price on the last trading day of the fiscal year and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options. The total intrinsic value of options exercised in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 was millions, million and million, respectively. The total grant date fair value of options vested in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 As of October 31, 2023, total unrecognized pre-tax stock-based compensation expense related to stock options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average vesting period of years. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 HP sponsors the 2021 ESPP, pursuant to which eligible employees may contribute up to of base compensation, subject to certain income limits, to purchase shares of HP s common stock. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the 2021 ESPP, employees purchase stock under the 2021 ESPP at a price equal to of HP s closing stock price on the purchase date. stock-based compensation expense was recorded in connection with those purchases because the criteria of a non-compensatory plan were met. The aggregate number of shares of HP s stock authorized for issuance under the 2021 ESPP was million. The 2021 ESPP came into effect on May 1, 2021 upon expiry of the 2011 ESPP. The 2021 ESPP terms are similar to the previous ESPP. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Shares reserved for future issuance 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Note 6: 
 Non-U.S. 
 Deferred ) ) Non-U.S. taxes: Current Deferred ) ) State taxes: Current Deferred ) ) 
 
 State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Impact of foreign earnings including GILTI and FDII, net ) ) ) Valuation allowances ) ) Uncertain tax positions and audit settlements Impact of internal reorganization ) ) Other, net ) ) ) 
 
 The jurisdictions with favorable tax rates that have the most significant effective tax rate impact in the periods presented include Singapore, Malaysia, and Puerto Rico. HP has elected to treat GILTI inclusions as period costs. 
 In fiscal year 2023, HP recorded billion of net income tax benefits related to discrete items in the provision for taxes. This amount included million of tax effects related to internal reorganization, million related to changes in valuation allowances, million related to restructuring charges, million related to the filing of tax returns in various jurisdictions, and million related to acquisition charges. These benefits were partially offset by income tax charges of million related to audit settlements in various jurisdictions, million of uncertain tax position charges, and million related to extinguishment of debt. In fiscal year 2023, excess tax benefits associated with stock options, restricted stock units and performance-adjusted restricted stock units were immaterial. 
 In fiscal year 2022, HP recorded million of net income tax charges related to discrete items in the provision for taxes. This amount included million of tax effects related to internal reorganization, million of uncertain tax position charges, 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million related to withholding taxes on undistributed foreign earnings, million related to audit settlements in various jurisdictions and million of other net tax charges. These charges were partially offset by income tax benefits of million related to the filing of tax returns in various jurisdictions, million related to changes in valuation allowances, million related to restructuring charges, and million related to Poly acquisition charges. In fiscal year 2022, HP recorded excess tax benefits of million associated with stock options, restricted stock units and performance-adjusted restricted stock. 
 In fiscal year 2021, HP recorded million of net income tax charges related to discrete items in the provision for taxes. This amount included income tax charges of million related to the Oracle litigation proceeds and million of uncertain tax position charges. These charges were offset by income tax benefits of million related to changes in valuation allowances, million of tax effects related to internal reorganization, million related to restructuring charges, million related to the filing of tax returns in various jurisdictions, million related to acquisition charges, and million of other net tax benefits. In fiscal year 2021, excess tax benefits associated with stock options, restricted stock units and performance-adjusted restricted stock units were immaterial. 
 As a result of certain employment actions and capital investments HP has undertaken, income from manufacturing and services in certain countries is subject to reduced tax rates, and in some cases is wholly exempt from taxes, through 2029. The gross income tax benefits attributable to these actions and investments were estimated to be million diluted net EPS) in fiscal year 2023, million diluted net EPS) in fiscal year 2022 and million diluted net EPS) in fiscal year 2021. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 Increases: For current year s tax positions For prior years tax positions Decreases: For prior years tax positions ) ) ) Statute of limitations expirations ) ) ) Settlements with taxing authorities ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 As of October 31, 2023, the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was billion, of which up to million would affect HP s effective tax rate if realized. Total gross unrecognized tax benefits increased by million for the twelve months ended October 31, 2023. HP recognizes interest income from favorable settlements and interest expense and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. As of October 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, HP had accrued million, million and million, respectively, for interest and penalties. 
 HP engages in continuous discussions and negotiations with taxing authorities regarding tax matters in various jurisdictions. HP expects complete resolution of certain tax years with various tax authorities within the next months. HP believes it is reasonably possible that its existing gross unrecognized tax benefits may be reduced by up to million within the next 12 months, affecting HP s effective tax rate if realized. 
 HP is subject to income tax in the United States and approximately other countries and is subject to routine corporate income tax audits in many of these jurisdictions. In addition, HP is subject to numerous ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. The IRS is conducting an audit of HP s 2018 and 2019 income tax returns. 
 With respect to major state and foreign tax jurisdictions, HP is no longer subject to tax authority examinations for years prior to 2007. No material tax deficiencies have been assessed in major state or foreign tax jurisdictions related to ongoing audits as of October 31, 2023. 
 HP believes it has provided adequate reserves for all tax deficiencies or reductions in tax benefits that could result from federal, state and foreign tax audits. HP regularly assesses the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of HP s tax provision. HP adjusts its uncertain tax positions to reflect the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular audit. However, income tax audits are inherently unpredictable and there can be no assurance that HP will accurately predict the outcome of these audits. The amounts ultimately paid on resolution of an audit could be materially different from the amounts previously included in the Provision for taxes and therefore the resolution of one or more of these uncertainties in any particular period could have a material impact on net income or cash flows. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 billion of undistributed earnings from non-U.S. operations as of October 31, 2023 because HP intends to reinvest such earnings indefinitely outside of the United States. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to these earnings is not practicable. 
 Deferred Income Taxes 
 
 Intercompany transactions excluding inventory Fixed assets Warranty Employee and retiree benefits Deferred revenue Capitalized research and development Operating lease liabilities Investment in partnership Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowances ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries ) ) Right-of-use assets from operating leases ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Cash flow hedges ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows: 
 As of October 31 2023 2022 In millions Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

) 2024 State ) 2024 Foreign ) 2028 Balance at end of year ) 
 
 ) 2024 Balance at end of year ) 
 
 Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) ) Goodwill, other comprehensive loss (income), currency translation and charges to other accounts ) Balance at end of year 
 
 Gross deferred tax assets as of October 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 were reduced by valuation allowances of billion, billion and billion, respectively. In fiscal year 2023, the deferred tax asset valuation allowance decreased by million primarily due to internal reorganization impacting foreign net operating losses and U.S. deferred tax assets that are anticipated to be realized at a lower effective rate than the federal statutory rate. In fiscal year 2022, the deferred tax asset valuation allowance decreased by million primarily due to foreign net operating losses, U.S. deferred tax assets that are anticipated to be realized at a lower effective tax rate than the federal statutory tax rate, and the impact of the acquisition of Poly on the company s deferred tax assets. In fiscal year 2021, the deferred tax asset valuation allowance decreased by million primarily due to foreign net operating losses and U.S. deferred tax assets that are anticipated to be realized at a lower effective rate due to certain future U.S. international tax reform implications. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 4Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Note 7: 
 Restricted cash (1) 
 
 (1) Restricted Cash is related to amounts collected and held on behalf of a third party for trade receivables previously sold. 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 Current-period allowance for credit losses ) Deductions, net of recoveries ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 HP utilizes certain third-party arrangements in the normal course of business as part of HPs cash and liquidity management and also to provide liquidity to certain partners to facilitate their working capital requirements. These financing arrangements, which in certain circumstances may contain partial recourse, result in a transfer of HP s receivables and risk to the third-party. As these transfers qualify as true sales under the applicable accounting guidance, the receivables are derecognized from the Consolidated Balance Sheets upon transfer, and HP receives a payment for the receivables from the third-party within a mutually agreed upon time period. For arrangements involving an element of recourse, the recourse obligation is measured using market data from the similar transactions and reported as a current liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The recourse obligations as of October 31, 2023 and 2022 were not material. 
 Trade receivables sold Cash receipts ) ) ) Foreign currency and other ) Balance at end of year (1) 
 
 (1) Amounts outstanding from third parties reported in Accounts Receivable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Purchased parts and fabricated assemblies 
 
 Supplier and other receivables Value-added taxes receivable 
 
 Machinery and equipment, including equipment held for lease Accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Intangible assets (2) 
 Right-of-use assets (3) 
 Deposits and prepaid Prepaid pension and post-retirement benefit assets (4) 
 Other 
 (1) See Note 6, Taxes on Earnings for detailed information. 
 (2) See Note 8, Goodwill and Intangible Assets for detailed information. 
 (3) See Note 17, Leases for detailed information. 
 (4) See Note 4, Retirement and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans for detailed information. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Deferred revenue Employee compensation and benefit Other accrued taxes Warranty Operating lease liabilities (1) 
 Tax liability Other 
 (1) See Note 17, Leases for detailed information. 
 
 Tax liability Operating lease liabilities (1) 
 Pension, post-retirement, and post-employment liabilities (2) 
 Deferred tax liability Other 
 (1) See Note 17, Leases for detailed information. 
 (2) See Note 4, Retirement and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans for detailed information. ) ) Factoring costs (1) 
 ) Net gain (loss) on debt extinguishment ) Non-operating retirement-related credits Oracle litigation proceeds 
 Defined benefit plan settlement gains (charges) Tax indemnifications ) Other, net ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Factoring costs for fiscal year 2022 and 2021 were included in Selling, general and administrative and were not material. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia-Pacific and Japan Total net revenue 
 
 Value of Remaining Performance Obligations 
 As of October 31, 2023, the estimated value of transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was billion. HP expects to recognize approximately billion of the unearned amount in next months and billion thereafter. 
 HP has elected the practical expedients and accordingly does not disclose the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations if: 
 the contract has an original expected duration of one year or less; or 
 the revenue from the performance obligation is recognized over time on an as-invoiced basis when the amount corresponds directly with the value to the customer; or 
 the portion of the transaction price that is variable in nature is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation. 
 The remaining performance obligations are subject to change and may be affected by various factors, such as termination of contracts, contract modifications and adjustment for currency. 
 Costs of Obtaining Contracts and Fulfillment Cost 
 As of October 31, 2023, deferred contract fulfillment and acquisition costs balances were million and million, respectively, included in Other Current Assets and Other Non-Current Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023, the Company amortized million of these costs. 
 As of October 31, 2022, deferred contract fulfillment and acquisition costs balances were million and million, respectively, included in Other Current Assets and Other Non-Current Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, the Company amortized million of these costs. 
 Contract Liabilities 
 As of October 31, 2023 and 2022, HP s contract liabilities balances were billion and billion, respectively, included in Other Current Liabilities and Other Non-Current Liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The increase in the contract liabilities balance for the fiscal year 2023 was primarily driven by sales of fixed-price support and maintenance services partially offset by billion of revenue recognized that were included in the contract liabilities balance as of October 31, 2022. 
 As of October 31, 2022 and 2021, HP s contract liabilities balances were billion and billion, respectively, included in Other Current Liabilities and Other Non-Current Liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The increase in the contract liabilities balance for the fiscal year 2022 was primarily driven by sales of fixed-price support and maintenance services and Poly acquisition, partially offset by billion of revenue recognized that were included in the contract liabilities balance as of October 31, 2021. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Note 8: 
 Acquisitions/adjustments Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at October 31, 2022 (1) 
 Acquisitions/adjustments Foreign currency translation Balance at October 31, 2023 (1) 
 
 (1) Goodwill is net of accumulated impairment losses of billion related to Corporate Investments recorded in fiscal year 2011. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. As of October 31, 2023, our reporting units are consistent with the reportable segments identified in Note 2, Segment Information . In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, HP performed a quantitative test as of August 1, 2023 and concluded that there was goodwill impairment. There were goodwill impairments in fiscal years 2022 and 2021. Personal Systems had a negative carrying amount of net assets as of October 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 primarily as a result of a favorable cash conversion cycle. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Technology and patents Trade name and trademarks Total intangible assets 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

Note 9: 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Government debt (1) 
 Available-for-Sale Investments Financial institution instruments Marketable securities and mutual funds Derivative Instruments Foreign currency contracts Other derivatives Total assets Liabilities: Derivative Instruments Interest rate contracts Foreign currency contracts Other derivatives Total liabilities 
 (1) Government debt includes instruments such as U.S. treasury notes, U.S. agency securities and non-U.S. government bonds. Money market funds invested in government debt and traded in active markets are included in Level 1. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 billion as compared to its carrying amount of billion at October 31, 2023. The fair value of HP s short- and long-term debt was billion as compared to its carrying value of billion at October 31, 2022. If measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, short- and long-term debt would be classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Other Financial Instruments: For the balance of HP s financial instruments, primarily accounts receivable, accounts payable and financial liabilities included in Other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities. If measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, these other financial instruments would be classified as Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Non-Marketable Equity Investments and Non-Financial Assets: HP s non-marketable equity investments are measured at cost less impairment, adjusted for observable price changes. HP s non-financial assets, such as intangible assets, goodwill and property, plant and equipment, are recorded at fair value in the period an impairment charge is recognized. If measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets these would generally be classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Note 10: 
 Government debt Total cash equivalents Available-for-Sale Investments: Financial institution instruments Marketable securities and mutual funds Total available-for-sale investments Total cash equivalents and available-for-sale investments 
 All highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of acquisition are considered cash equivalents. As of October 31, 2023 and 2022, the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximated fair value due to the short period of time to maturity. Interest income related to cash, cash equivalents and debt securities was approximately million in fiscal year 2023, million in fiscal year 2022, and million in fiscal year 2021. The estimated fair value of the available-for-sale investments may not be representative of values that will be realized in the future. 

Non-marketable equity securities in privately held companies are included in Other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These amounted to million and million as of October 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 HP determines credit losses on cash equivalents and available-for-sale debt securities at the individual security level. All instruments are considered investment grade. No credit-related or noncredit-related impairment losses were recorded in the fiscal year 2023. 
 Derivative Instruments 
 HP uses derivative instruments, primarily forward contracts, interest rate swaps, total return swaps, treasury rate locks, forward starting swaps and option contracts to offset business exposure to foreign currency and interest rate risk on expected future cash flows and on certain existing assets and liabilities. HP may designate its derivative contracts as fair value hedges or cash flow hedges and classifies the cash flows with the activities that correspond to the underlying hedged items. Additionally, for derivatives not designated as hedging instruments, HP categorizes those economic hedges as other derivatives. HP recognizes all derivative instruments at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 As a result of its use of derivative instruments, HP is exposed to the risk that its counterparties will fail to meet their contractual obligations. Master netting agreements mitigate credit exposure to counterparties by permitting HP to net amounts due from HP to counterparty against amounts due to HP from the same counterparty under certain conditions. To further limit credit risk, HP has collateral security agreements that allow HP s custodian to hold collateral from, or require HP to post collateral to, counterparties when aggregate derivative fair values exceed contractually established thresholds which are generally based on the credit ratings of HP and its counterparties. If HP s or the counterparty s credit rating falls below a specified credit rating, either party has the right to request full collateralization of the derivatives net liability position. The Company includes gross collateral posted and received in 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million and million as of October 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, all of which were fully collateralized within two business days. 
 Under HP s derivative contracts, the counterparty can terminate all outstanding trades following a covered change of control event affecting HP that results in the surviving entity being rated below a specified credit rating. This credit contingent provision did not affect HP s financial position or cash flows as of October 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 HP enters into fair value hedges, such as interest rate swaps, to reduce the exposure of its debt portfolio to changes in fair value resulting from changes in benchmark interest rates on HP s future interest payments. 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, HP recognizes the change in fair value of the derivative instrument, as well as the offsetting change in the fair value of the hedged item, in Interest and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings in the period of change. 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 HP uses forward contracts, option contracts, treasury rate locks and forward starting swaps designated as cash flow hedges to protect against the foreign currency exchange and interest rate risks inherent in its forecasted net revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses and debt issuance. HP s foreign currency cash flow hedges mature predominantly within ; however, hedges related to long-term procurement arrangements extend several years. 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, HP initially records changes in fair value of the derivative instrument in Accumulated other comprehensive loss as a separate component of Stockholders deficit in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and subsequently reclassifies these amounts into earnings in the period during which the hedged transaction is recognized in earnings. HP reports the changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument in the same financial statement line item as changes in the fair value of the hedged item. 
 Other Derivatives 
 Other derivatives not designated as hedging instruments consist primarily of forward contracts used to hedge foreign currency-denominated balance sheet exposures. HP also uses total return swaps to hedge its executive deferred compensation plan liability. 
 For derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments, HP recognizes changes in fair value of the derivative instrument, as well as the offsetting change in the fair value of the hedged item, in Interest and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings in the period of change. 
 Hedge Effectiveness 
 For interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges, HP measures hedge effectiveness by offsetting the change in fair value of the hedged item with the change in fair value of the derivative. For foreign currency options, forward contracts and forward starting swaps designated as cash flow hedges, HP measures hedge effectiveness by comparing the cumulative change in fair value of the hedge contract with the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item, both of which are based on forward rates. 
 During fiscal 2023 and 2022, no portion of the hedging instruments gain or loss was excluded from the assessment of effectiveness for fair value and cash flow hedges. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Cash flow hedges: Foreign currency contracts Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency contracts Other derivatives Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives 
 
 Offsetting of Derivative Instruments 
 HP recognizes all derivative instruments on a gross basis in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. HP does not offset the fair value of its derivative instruments against the fair value of cash collateral posted under its collateral security agreements. 
 (1) Derivative liabilities (2) As of October 31, 2022 Derivative assets (1) Derivative liabilities (2) ) 
 (1) Represents the cash collateral posted by counterparties as of the respective reporting date for HP s asset position, net of derivative amounts that could be offset, as of, generally, two business days prior to the respective reporting date. 
 (2) Represents the collateral posted by HP including any re-use of counterparty cash collateral as of the respective reporting date for HP s liability position, net of derivative amounts that could be offset, as of, generally, two business days prior to the respective reporting date. 
 Effect of Derivative Instruments in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 ) 2022 ) ) 2021 )) ) Interest rate contracts ) 
 ) Cost of revenue ) ) ) ) ) ) Operating expenses ) ) ) ) ) Interest and other, net ) ) Total ) 
 As of October 31, 2023, HP expects to reclassify an estimated accumulated other comprehensive gain of approximately million, net of taxes, to earnings within the next twelve months associated with cash flow hedges along with the earnings effects of the related forecasted transactions. The amounts ultimately reclassified into earnings could be different from the amounts previously included in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) based on the change of market rate, and therefore could have different impact on earnings.) ) Other derivatives Interest and other, net ) ) Total ) ) 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Note 11: 
 Notes payable to banks, lines of credit and other 
 issued at discount to par at a price of at , due September 2041 
 issued at discount to par at a price of at , due June 2025 
 issued at discount to par at a price of at , due June 2027 
 issued at discount to par at a price of at , due June 2030 (4) 
 issued at discount to par at a price of at , due June 2026 (4) 
 issued at discount to par at a price of at , due June 2031 (2) 
 issued at discount to par at a price of at , due April 2029 
 issued at discount to par at a price of at , due April 2032 (4) 
 issued at discount to par at a price of at , due January 2028 
 issued at discount to par at a price of at , due January 2033 
 issued at par at a price of at , due March 2029 (3) 
 Other borrowings at - , due in fiscal years 2024-2031 
 Fair value adjustment related to hedged debt ) ) Unamortized debt issuance cost ) ) Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt 
 (1) HP may redeem some or all of the fixed-rate U.S. Dollar Global Notes at any time in accordance with the terms thereof. The U.S. Dollar Global Notes are senior unsecured debt. . 
 (2) HP intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, environmentally and socially responsible eligible projects in the following eight areas: renewable energy; green buildings; energy efficiency; clean transportation; pollution prevention and control; eco-efficient and/or circular economy products, production technologies and processes; environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use; and socioeconomic advancement and empowerment. 
 (3) During the twelve months ended October 31, 2023, HP repurchased or redeemed and settled million of the March 2029 Notes related to the August 2022 Poly acquisition. 
 (4) During the twelve months ended October 31, 2023, HP repurchased and settled billion in aggregate principal amount of various Global Notes. 
 
 As disclosed in Note 10, Financial Instruments , HP uses interest rate swaps to mitigate some of the exposure of its debt portfolio to changes in fair value resulting from changes in benchmark interest rates. Interest rates shown in the table of long-term debt have not been adjusted to reflect the impact of any interest rate swaps. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million, discounts on debt issuance of million, and fair value adjustment related to hedged debt of million), including other borrowings were as follows: 
 Fiscal year In millions 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Extinguishment of Debt 
 In July 2023, HP commenced and completed a tender offer to purchase approximately billion in aggregate principal amount of its outstanding US Dollar Global Notes due June 17, 2026, Global Notes due June 17, 2030 and Global Notes due April 15, 2032. This extinguishment of debt resulted in a net gain of million, which was recorded within Interest and other, net on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Additionally during fiscal year 2023, HP repurchased or redeemed and settled million of the March 2029 Notes related to the August 2022 Poly acquisition. This extinguishment of debt resulted in a net loss of million, which was also recorded within Interest and other, net on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. 
 Commercial Paper 
 As of October 31, 2023, HP maintained a U.S. commercial paper program for the issuance of U.S. dollar-denominated commercial paper up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of billion. The principal amount outstanding under this program and certain short-term borrowings at any time cannot exceed a billion authorization by HP s Board of Directors. As of October 31, 2023 and October 31, 2022, commercial paper were outstanding under the program. 
 Credit Facilities 
 As of October 31, 2023, HP maintained a billion sustainability-linked senior unsecured committed revolving credit facility, which HP entered into on May 26, 2021, and a billion senior unsecured committed -day revolving credit facility, which HP entered into in March 2023. Commitments under the billion revolving credit facility will be available until May 26, 2026 and commitments under the billion -day revolving credit facility will be available until March 19, 2024. Commitment fees, interest rates and other terms of borrowing under the revolving credit facilities vary based on HP s external credit ratings and, for the billion facility, certain sustainability metrics. Funds borrowed under the revolving credit facilities may be used for general corporate purposes. 
 As of October 31, 2023, HP was in compliance with the covenants in the credit agreements governing the revolving credit facilities. 
 Available Borrowing Resources 
 As of October 31, 2023, HP had available borrowing resources of billion from uncommitted lines of credit in addition to the full capacity of the revolving credit facilities. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Note 12: 
 million shares and settled total shares for billion. In fiscal year 2022, HP executed share repurchases of million shares and settled total shares for billion. In fiscal year 2021, HP executed share repurchases of million shares and settled total shares for 6.3 billion. Share repurchases executed during fiscal year 2021 included million shares settled in November 2021. 
 The shares repurchased in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 were all open market repurchase transactions. As of October 31, 2023, HP had approximately billion remaining under the share repurchase authorizations approved by HP s Board of Directors.) ) Tax effect on change in unrealized components of cash flow hedges: Tax benefit (provision) on unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period 
 ) ) Tax provision (benefit) on (gains) losses reclassified into earnings ) ) ) Tax effect on change in unrealized components of defined benefit plans: Tax benefit (provision) on (losses) gains arising during the period 
 ) Tax benefit on amortization of actuarial loss and prior service benefit ) ) Tax (provision) benefit on curtailments, settlements and other ) ) Tax effect on change in cumulative translation adjustment ) Tax benefit (provision) on other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

) Change in unrealized components of cash flow hedges: Unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period 
 ) ) (Gains) losses reclassified into earnings ) ) ) Change in unrealized components of defined benefit plans: (Losses) gains arising during the period 
 ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss and prior service benefit (1) 
 Curtailments, settlements and other ) ) ) ) Change in cumulative translation adjustment ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of taxes 
 ) 
 (1) These components are included in the computation of net pension and post-retirement benefit (credit) charges in Note 4, Retirement and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans . 
 ) ) Other comprehensive gains (losses) before reclassifications 
 ) ) ) Reclassifications of (losses) gains into earnings 
 ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Note 13: 
 Denominator: Weighted-average shares used to compute basic net EPS Dilutive effect of employee stock plans Weighted-average shares used to compute diluted net EPS Net earnings per share: Basic Diluted Anti-dilutive weighted-average stock-based compensation awards (1) 
 
 (1) HP excludes from the calculation of diluted net EPS stock options and restricted stock units where the assumed proceeds exceed the average market price, because their effect would be anti-dilutive. The assumed proceeds of a stock option include the sum of its exercise price, and average unrecognized compensation cost. The assumed proceeds of a restricted stock unit represent unrecognized compensation cost. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Note 14: 
 years of age and older who had their employment terminated under a WFR plan in or after 2014 or 2015, depending on state law; and (2) a putative Rule 23 class under California law comprised of all former HP Inc. employees years of age and older who had their employment terminated in California under a WFR plan in or after 2012. Excluded from the putative collective and class are employees who (a) signed a Waiver and General Release Agreement at termination, or (b) signed an Agreement to Arbitrate Claims. Similar claims are pending against HPE. Because the court granted plaintiffs motion for preliminary certification of the putative nationwide ADEA collectives, a third-party administrator notified eligible former employees of their right to opt into the ADEA collective. This opt-in period closed on February 15, 2022. Plaintiffs seek monetary damages, punitive damages, and other relief. In June 2023, the parties reached an agreement in principle to resolve this matter. The parties have finalized a settlement agreement, and the court preliminarily approved it on October 26, 2023. The Court has set the Final Approval Hearing for March 28, 2024. 
 India Directorate of Revenue Intelligence Proceedings . On April 30 and May 10, 2010, the India Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (the DRI issued show cause notices to Hewlett-Packard India Sales Private Limited HP India ), a subsidiary of HP, HP India employees and former HP India employee alleging that HP India underpaid customs duties while importing products and spare parts into India and seeking to recover an aggregate of approximately million, plus penalties and interest. Prior to the issuance of the notices, HP India deposited approximately million with the DRI and agreed to post a provisional bond in exchange for the DRI s agreement to not seize HP India products and spare parts or interrupt business by HP India. 
 On April 11, 2012, the Bangalore Commissioner of Customs issued an order on the products-related notice affirming certain duties and penalties against HP India and the named individuals of approximately million, of which HP India had already deposited million. On December 11, 2012, HP India voluntarily deposited an additional million in connection with the products-related notice. The differential duty demand is subject to interest. On April 20, 2012, the Commissioner issued an order on the parts-related notice affirming certain duties and penalties against HP India and certain of the named individuals of approximately million, of which HP India had already deposited million. After the order, HP India deposited an additional million in connection with the parts-related notice so as to avoid certain penalties. 
 HP India filed appeals of the Commissioner s orders before the Customs, Excise and Service Tax Appellate Tribunal (the Customs Tribunal along with applications for waiver of the pre-deposit of remaining demand amounts as a condition for hearing 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million against the products order, which HP India deposited in March 2013. On February 7, 2014, the Customs Tribunal granted HP India s application for extension of the stay of deposit until disposal of the appeals. On October 27, 2014, the Customs Tribunal commenced hearings on the cross-appeals of the Commissioner s orders and rejected HP India s request to remand the matter to the Commissioner on procedural grounds. The Customs Tribunal cancelled hearings to reconvene in 2015 , 2016 and January 2019. On January 20, 2021, the Customs Tribunal held a virtual hearing during which the judge allowed HP s application for a physical hearing on the merits as soon as practicable, which will be scheduled when physical hearings resume at court. Pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, Hewlett Packard Enterprise has agreed to indemnify HP in part, base d on the extent to which any liability arises from the products and spare parts of Hewlett Packard Enterprise s businesses. 
 Philips Patent Litigation . In September 2020, Koninklijke Philips N.V. and Philips North America LLC (collectively, Philips filed a complaint against HP for patent infringement in federal court for the District of Delaware and filed a companion complaint with the U.S. International Trade Commission ITC pursuant to Section 337 of the Tariff Act against HP and 8 other sets of respondents. Both complaints allege that certain digital video-capable devices and components thereof infringe of Philips patents. In October 2020, the ITC instituted an investigation, and Philips later withdrew of the patents. On March 23, 2022, the ITC rendered a final determination that no violation of Section 337 has occurred. Philips did not appeal and elected to resume litigation with its case in federal court. Philips seeks unspecified damages and an injunction against HP, and the prior stay has been lifted . On August 10, 2023, HP filed a motion for summary judgment of indefiniteness for all asserted claims. 
 Caltech Patent Litigation . On November 11, 2020, the California Institute of Technology Caltech filed a complaint against HP for patent infringement in the federal court for the Western District of Texas. On March 19, 2021, Caltech filed an amendment to this same complaint. The complaint as amended alleges infringement of of Caltech s patents, U.S. Patent Nos. 7,116,710; 7,421,032; 7,716,552; 7,916,781; and 8,284,833. The accused products are HP commercial and consumer PCs as well as wireless printers that comply with the IEEE 802.11n, 802.11ac, and/or 802.11ax standards. Caltech seeks unspecified damages and other relief. In August 2021, the court stayed the case pending the decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in The California Inst. of Tech. v. Broadcom Ltd et al., Case No. 2020-2222 , which was issued on February 4, 2022, and a request for further review of that decision by the Supreme Court was denied. On August 16, 2023, the parties informed the court that the stay should be lifted. On November 6, 2023, the court issued an order staying all discovery and deadlines pending discovery relating to whether Caltech has standing to bring suit with respect to the asserted patents and the court s resolution of that issue. 
 In re HP Inc. Securities Litigation (Electrical Workers Pension Fund, Local 103, I.B.E.W. v. HP Inc., et al.) . On February 19, 2020, Electrical Workers Pension Fund, Local 103, I.B.E.W. filed a putative class action complaint against HP, Dion Weisler, Catherine Lesjak, and Steven Fieler in U.S. District Court in the Northern District of California. The court appointed the State of Rhode Island, Office of the General Treasurer, on behalf of the Employees Retirement System of Rhode Island and Iron Workers Local 580 Joint Funds as Lead Plaintiffs. Lead Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which additionally named as defendants Enrique Lores and Christoph Schell. HP and the named officers filed a motion to dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted. The court granted HP s motion to dismiss and granted plaintiffs leave to amend the complaint. Plaintiffs second amended complaint, which no longer names Christoph Schell as a defendant, alleges, among other things, that from February 23, 2017 to October 3, 2019, HP and the named officers violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act by making false or misleading statements about HP s printing supplies business. It further alleges that Dion Weisler and Enrique Lores violated Sections 10(b) and 20A of the Exchange Act by allegedly selling shares of HP common stock during this period while in possession of material, non-public adverse information about HP s printing supplies business. Plaintiffs seek compensatory damages and other relief. HP and the named officers filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted. On September 15, 2021, the court granted HP s motion. Plaintiffs appealed the decision. The parties settled and the motion for preliminary approval of settlement was filed on March 3, 2023. Under the terms of the settlement, HP agreed to pay an amount that is immaterial to HP. The district court granted preliminary approval of the settlement on April 7, 2023. On September 6, 2023, the court issued an order approving the settlement and directing entry of final judgment. On October 20, 2023, the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit issued an order dismissing plaintiffs appeal. 
 York County on behalf of the County of York Retirement Fund v. HP Inc., et al., and related proceedings . On November 5, 2020, York County, on behalf of the County of York Retirement Fund, filed a putative class action complaint against HP, Dion Weisler, and Catherine Lesjak in federal court in the Northern District of California. The court appointed Maryland Electrical Industry Pension Fund as Lead Plaintiff. Lead Plaintiff filed a consolidated complaint, which additionally names as defendants Enrique Lores and Richard Bailey. The complaint alleges, among other things, that from November 5, 2015 to June 21, 2016, HP and the named current and former officers violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act by concealing material information and making false statements about HP s printing supplies business. Plaintiffs seek compensatory damages and other relief. HP and the named officers filed a motion to dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted. On March 3, 2022, the court granted the motion to dismiss with prejudice. Plaintiffs appealed the decision. On April 11, 2023, the appellate court reversed the 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

putative class actions have been filed against HP in federal court in California, in December 2020 and April 2022, arising out of the use of Dynamic Security firmware updates in HP Laserjet printers and HP Inkjet printers, respectively. Plaintiffs in both cases seek compensatory damages, restitution, injunctive relief against alleged unfair business practices, and other relief. In the case directed to Laserjet printers, plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification, and, on December 8, 2023, the court entered an order denying in full plaintiffs request to certify a damages class and granting certification of a narrowed injunctive relief class composed of those who did not see HP s disclosures. In its order, the court declined at this juncture to resolve the merits of the sufficiency of HP s disclosures. The case involving Inkjet printers remains in its early stages. 
 Autonomy-Related Legal Proceedings 
 As the result of an internal investigation, HP obtained information about certain accounting improprieties, disclosure failures and misrepresentations at Autonomy that occurred before and in connection with its 2011 acquisition of Autonomy. On April 17, 2015, former HP subsidiaries that became subsidiaries of Hewlett Packard Enterprise at the time of the Separation (Autonomy Corporation Limited, Hewlett Packard Vision BV, Autonomy Systems, Limited, and Autonomy, Inc.) initiated civil proceedings in the U.K. High Court of Justice against members of Autonomy s former management, Michael Lynch and Sushovan Hussain, for breach of their fiduciary duties in causing Autonomy group companies to engage in improper transactions and accounting practices. The claims seek more than billion in damages. Messrs. Lynch and Hussain filed defenses and Mr. Lynch filed a counterclaim seeking million in damages for alleged misstatements regarding Lynch. Trial concluded in January 2020. On May 17, 2022, the court issued its final judgment, finding that HP succeeded on substantially all claims and that Messrs. Lynch and Hussein engaged in fraud, and dismissing Mr. Lynch s counterclaim. The court deferred its damages ruling to a later, separate judgment to be issued after further proceedings, which are now set to begin on February 12, 2024, but indicated that damages awarded may be substantially less than is claimed. Litigation is unpredictable, and there can be no assurance that HP will recover damages or as to how any award of damages will compare with the amount claimed. The amount ultimately awarded, if any, would be recorded in the period received. No adjustment has been recorded in the financial statements in relation to this potential award. Pursuant to the terms of the separation and distribution agreement, HP and Hewlett Packard Enterprise will share equally in any recovery. In addition, Messrs. Hussein and Lynch, and Stephen Chamberlain, former VP of Finance of Autonomy, were each indicted on federal criminal charges in the Northern District of California. On April 30, 2018, a jury found Mr. Hussein guilty of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, securities fraud, and multiple counts of wire fraud, and that judgment was affirmed on appeal in August 2020. Messrs. Lynch and Chamberlain are set to face trial on charges of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, and multiple counts of wire fraud on March 18, 2024. HP is continuing to cooperate with the ongoing enforcement actions . 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Note 15: 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Accruals for warranties issued Adjustments related to pre-existing warranties (including changes in estimates) ) Settlements made (in cash or in kind) ) ) Balance at end of year 

Note 16: 
 billion. These unconditional purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on HP and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price and volume provisions and the approximate timing of the transaction. These unconditional purchase obligations are primarily related to inventory and service support. Unconditional purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancellable without penalty. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

Note 17: 
 to years with varying renewal and termination options. Substantially all of HP s leases are considered operating leases. Finance leases, short-term leases and sub-lease income were not material as of October 31, 2023 and 2022 or for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that HP will exercise such options. HP generally considers the economic life of the ROU assets to be comparable to the useful life of similar owned assets. HP s leases generally do not provide a residual guarantee. 
 Operating leases are included in Other non-current assets , Other current liabilities and Other non-current liabilities . Finance leases are included in Property, plant and equipment, net, Notes payable and short-term borrowings and Long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Variable cost Total lease expense 
 All lease expenses, including variable lease costs, are primarily included in Cost of revenue and Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings based on the use of the facilities. 
 Variable lease expense relates primarily to leased real estate utilized for office space and outsourced warehousing. These costs primarily include adjustments for inflation, payments dependent on a rate or index or usage of asset and common area maintenance charges. These costs are not included in the lease liability and are recognized in the period in which they are incurred. 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange of lease liabilities (1) 
 
 (1) Includes the impact of new leases as well as remeasurements and modifications to existing leases. 

Weighted-average information associated with the measurement of our remaining operating lease liabilities is as follows: As of October 31 2023 2022 Weighted-average remaining lease term in years Weighted-average discount rate 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest Total lease liabilities 
 There were no material operating leases that HP had entered into and that were yet to commence as of October 31, 2023. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Note 18: 
 acquisitions. Goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the net tangible and intangible assets acquired, is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 Amortizable intangible assets Net assets acquired ) Total fair value of consideration 
 Acquisition of Poly 
 HP s largest acquisition in fiscal 2022 was Poly, a leading global provider of workplace collaboration solutions, which was completed in August 2022 with a total fair value purchase consideration of billion. The acquisition supports HP s strategy to drive growth in hybrid work solutions within the Personal Systems segment. In connection with this acquisition, HP recorded approximately billion of goodwill and billion of amortizable purchased intangible assets. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report (the Evaluation Date ). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the Evaluation Date due to the unremediated material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 See Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on our internal control over financial reporting in Item 8, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Remediation of Previously Reported Material Weaknesses 
 As previously reported in the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2023 and Amended Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, we previously identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting due to design deficiencies involving: (i) recognition of revenue for a Personal Systems customer s transactions involving third-party financing; and (ii) undue reliance on a payment application for certain sales incentive programs in EMEA, associated with variable consideration of approximately 4 of total consolidated revenues, for which management did not receive the System and Organization Controls Type 1 (SOC-1) Report timely and did not have effective complementary user entity controls. The material weakness described in clause (i) resulted in an error related to a revenue contract in our Personal Systems segment that comprises less than 1 of total consolidated revenues for the impacted periods. As a result, we revised our Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020 in the Amended Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 and certain prior period financial statements in the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2023 for this error and other previously identified errors, the impact of which was not material to our previously filed financial statements. The material weakness described in clause (ii) above did not result in any errors. The Company s management, under the oversight of the Audit Committee, executed a remediation plan to address these deficiencies, which included 
 Designing prevent and detect controls specific to the impacted business activity; and 
 Enhancing its processes and controls to help ensure the timely review of the SOC-1 report in conjunction with designing and implementing related, effective complementary user entity controls associated with the sales incentive payment processing application. 
 During the quarter ended October 31, 2023, we completed our testing of the operating effectiveness of internal controls impacted by these remediation efforts and determined that as a result of the measures described above, the material weaknesses have been remediated as of October 31, 2023. 
 Additional Material Weakness 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, management identified an additional material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. The material weakness resulted from undue reliance on information generated from certain software solutions affecting net revenue without effectively designed information technology general controls ITGCs ), specifically around user access and change management. Information generated from these software solutions is used by management in accounting for net revenue, including estimating variable consideration, and certain of these software solutions are used in the processing of revenue related transactions. 
 This material weakness did not result in any errors. While this material weakness did not result in a material misstatement of our financial statements, there is a reasonable possibility that it could have resulted in a material misstatement in the Company's annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be detected. Accordingly, we determined that it constituted a material weakness. 
 With respect to the material weakness above, management, under the oversight of the Audit Committee, is in the process of designing appropriate ITGCs specific to the impacted software solutions. While we have taken steps to implement our remediation plan, the material weakness will not be considered remediated until the enhanced controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that the related controls are effective. The Company will monitor the effectiveness of its remediation plan and refine its remediation plan as appropriate. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 As described above, we have taken and continue to take steps to remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described above. Other than in connection with the remediation process described above, no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. Other Information. 
 Our directors and officers (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 16a-1(f)) may from time to time enter into plans or other arrangements for the purchase or sale of our shares that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5 1(c) or may represent a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement under the Exchange Act. During the three months ended October 31, 2023, . 
 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not Applicable. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The names of the executive officers of HP and their ages, titles and biographies as of the date hereof are incorporated by reference from Part I, Item 1, above. 
 The following information is included in HP s Proxy Statement related to its 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed within 120 days after HP s fiscal year end of October 31, 2023 (the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference: 
 Information regarding directors of HP who are standing for reelection and any persons nominated to become directors of HP is set forth under Corporate Governance and Board of Directors Board Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors. 
 Information regarding HP s Audit Committee and designated audit committee financial experts is set forth under Corporate Governance and Board of Directors Board Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors How We Are Organized Audit Committee. 
 Information on HP s code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers and employees, also known as Integrity at HP , is set forth in the section entitled Code of Conduct under Corporate Governance and Board of Directors Board Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors and information on HP s Corporate Governance Guidelines is set forth in the sections entitled How We Are Selected and Director Independence under Corporate Governance and Board of Directors Board Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors. 
 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The following information is included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference: 
 Information regarding HP s compensation of its named executive officers is set forth under Executive Compensation. 
 Information regarding HP s compensation of its directors is set forth under Corporate Governance and Board of Directors Board Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors How We Are Compensated. 
 The report of HP s HR and Compensation Committee is set forth under Executive Compensation Board Proposal No. 3 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation HR and Compensation Committee Report on Executive Compensation. 
 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The following information is included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference: 
 Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners, directors and executive officers is set forth under Ownership of Our Stock Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 
 Information regarding HP s equity compensation plans, including both stockholder approved plans and non-stockholder approved plans, is set forth in the section entitled Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The following information is included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference: 
 Information regarding transactions with related persons is set forth under Corporate Governance and Board of Directors Board Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors Related-Person Transactions Policies and Procedures. 
 Information regarding director independence is set forth in the section entitled Director Independence under Corporate Governance and Board of Directors Board Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 Information regarding principal accounting fees and services is set forth under Audit Matters Board Proposal No. 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Principal Accountant Fees and Services in the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 1. All Financial Statements: 
 The following financial statements are filed as part of this report under Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 49 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 53 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit 
 56 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. Financial Statement Schedules: 
 All schedules are omitted as the required information is not applicable or the information is presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto in Item 8 above. 
 3. Exhibits: 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 HP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit(s) Filing Date 2(a) Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2015, by and among Hewlett-Packard Company, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company and the Other Parties Thereto. 
 8-K 001-04423 2.1 November 5, 2015 2(b) Transition Services Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2015, by and between Hewlett-Packard Company and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company. 
 8-K 001-04423 2.2 November 5, 2015 2(c) Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2015, by and between Hewlett-Packard Company and Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company. 
 8-K 001-04423 2.4 November 5, 2015 3(a) Registrant s Certificate of Incorporation . 
 10-Q 001-04423 3(a) June 12, 1998 3(b) Registrant s Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 10-Q 001-04423 3(b) March 16, 2001 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit(s) Filing Date 3(c) Registrant s Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 8-K 001-04423 3.2 October 22, 2015 3(d) Registrant s Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 8-K 001-04423 3.1 April 7, 2016 3(e) Registrant s Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 3(f) Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of HP Inc. 
 8-K 001-04423 3.1 February 20, 2020 4(a) Form of Senior Indenture 
 S-3 333-215116 4.1 December 15, 2016 4(b) Form of Subordinated Indenture. 
 S-3 333-215116 4.2 December 15, 2016 4(c) Form of Registrant s 4.375 Global Note due September 15, 2021 and 6.000 Global Note due September 15, 2041 and form of related Officers Certificate. 8-K 001-04423 4.4 , 4.5 and 4.6 
 September 19, 2011 4(d) Form of Registrant s 4.650 Global Note due December 9, 2021 and related Officers Certificate. 8-K 001-04423 4.3 and 4.4 
 December 12, 2011 4(e) Form of Registrant s 4.050 Global Note due September 15, 2022 and related Officers Certificate. 8-K 001-04423 4.2 and 4.3 
 March 12, 2012 4(f) Specimen certificate for the Registrant s common stock. 
 8-A/A 001-04423 4.1 June 23, 2006 4(g) First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2018, to the Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2000, by and between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
 10-Q 001-04423 4(j) June 5, 2018 4(h) Description of HP Inc. s securities. 
 4(i) Indenture, dated as of June 17, 2020, between HP Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. 
 8-K 001-04423 4.1 June 17, 2020 4(j) Form of 2.200 notes due 2025 and related Officers Certificate. 8-K 001-04423 4.2 and 4.5 
 June 17, 2020 4(k) Form of 3.000 notes due 2027 and related Officers Certificate. 8-K 001-04423 4.3 and 4.5 
 June 17, 2020 4(l) Form of 3.400 notes due 2030 and related Officers Certificate. 8-K 001-04423 4.4 and 4.5 
 June 17, 2020 4(m) First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 16, 2021, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee . 
 8-K 001-04423 4.2 June 21, 2021 4(n) Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2021, by and among the Registrant and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the Initial Purchasers of the Notes . 
 8-K 001-04423 4.3 June 21, 2021 4(o) Form of 4.000 notes due 2029 and related Officers Certificate. 
 8-K 001-04423 4.2 and 4.4 
 March 31, 2022 4(p) Form of 4.200 notes due 2032 and related Officers Certificate. 
 8-K 001-04423 4.3 and 4.4 
 March 31, 2022 4(q) Form of 4.750 notes due 2028 and related Officers Certificate. 
 8-K 001-04423 4.2 and 4.4 
 June 21, 2022 4(r) Form of 5.500 notes due 2033 and related Officers Certificate. 
 8-K 001-04423 4.3 and 4.4 
 June 21, 2022 4(s) Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2022, between HP Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 001-04423 4.2 September 7, 2022 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit(s) Filing Date 10(a) Registrant s 2004 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-114253 4.1 April 7, 2004 10(b) Registrant s Excess Benefit Retirement Plan, amended and restated as of January 1, 2006. 
 8-K 001-04423 10.2 September 21, 2006 10(c) Hewlett-Packard Company Cash Account Restoration Plan, amended and restated as of January 1, 2005. 
 8-K 001-04423 99.3 November 23, 2005 10(d) Form of Agreement Regarding Confidential Information and Proprietary Developments (California). 
 8-K 001-04423 10.2 January 24, 2008 10(e) Form of Agreement Regarding Confidential Information and Proprietary Developments (Texas). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(o)(o) March 10, 2008 10(f) Form of Stock Option Agreement for Registrant s 2004 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(p)(p) March 10, 2008 10(g) Form of Common Stock Payment Agreement for Registrant s 2000 Stock Plan. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(u)(u) June 6, 2008 10(h) First Amendment to the Hewlett-Packard Company Excess Benefit Retirement Plan. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(b)(b)(b) March 10, 2009 10(i) Form of Stock Notification and Award Agreement for awards of non-qualified stock options. 
 10-K 001-04423 10(i)(i)(i) December 15, 2010 10(j) Form of Agreement Regarding Confidential Information and Proprietary Developments (California new hires). 
 10-K 001-04423 10(j)(j)(j) December 15, 2010 10(k) Form of Agreement Regarding Confidential Information and Proprietary Developments (California current employees). 
 10-K 001-04423 10(k)(k)(k) December 15, 2010 10(1) Second Amended and Restated Hewlett-Packard Company 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended effective February 28, 2013. 
 8-K 001-04423 10.2 March 21, 2013 10(m) Form of Stock Notification and Award Agreement for awards of foreign stock appreciation rights. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(v)(v) March 11, 2014 10(n) Form of Stock Notification and Award Agreement for long-term cash awards. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(w)(w) March 11, 2014 10(o) Form of Stock Notification and Award Agreement for awards of non-qualified stock options. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(x)(x) March 11, 2014 10(p) Form of Stock Notification and Award Agreement for awards of performance-contingent non-qualified stock options. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(a)(a)(a) March 11, 2014 10(q) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of performance-contingent non-qualified stock options. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(b)(b)(b) March 11, 2014 10(r) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of long-term cash awards. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(e)(e)(e) March 11, 2015 10(s) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of non-qualified stock options. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(f)(f)(f) March 11, 2015 10(t) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of performance-contingent non-qualified stock options. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(i)(i)(i) March 11, 2015 10(u) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of foreign stock appreciation rights. 
 10-K 001-04423 10(e)(e)(e) December 16, 2015 10(v) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of performance-contingent non-qualified stock options. 
 10-K 001-04423 10(f)(f)(f) December 16, 2015 10(w) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of non-qualified stock options. 
 10-K 001-04423 10(g)(g)(g) December 16, 2015 
 112 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit(s) Filing Date 10(x) Registrant s 2005 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective November 1, 2017. 
 10-K/A 001-04423 10(n)(n) December 15, 2017 10(y) Registrant s Severance and Long-Term Incentive Change in Control Plan for Executive Officers, amended and restated effective February 28, 2020. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(p)(p) March 5, 2020 10(z) Form of Stock Notification and Award Agreement for awards of performance-contingent non-qualified stock options (launch grant). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(p)(p) March 3, 2016 10(a)(a) 2017 Amendment to the Hewlett-Packard Company Cash Account Restoration Plan. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(w)(w) March 2, 2017 10(b)(b) Second Amendment to the Hewlett-Packard Company Excess Benefit Retirement Plan. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(x)(x) March 2, 2017 10(c)(c) Second Amended and Restated HP Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective January 23, 2017. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(y)(y) March 2, 2017 10(d)(d) Second Amended and Restated HP Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended effective January 29, 2018). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(b)(b)(b) March 1, 2018 10(e)(e) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units (for use from November 1, 2017). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(c)(c)(c) March 1, 2018 10(f)(f) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units for directors (for use from November 1, 2017). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(e)(e)(e) March 1, 2018 10(g)(g) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of stock options for directors (for use from November 1, 2017). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(f)(f)(f) March 1, 2018 10(h)(h) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units (for use from November 1, 2018). 
 10-K 001-04423 10(g)(g)(g) December 13, 2018 10(i)(i) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of performance-adjusted restricted stock units (for use from November 1, 2018). 
 10-K 001-04423 10(h)(h)(h) December 13, 2018 10(j)(j) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of stock options for directors (for use from November 1, 2018). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(j)(j)(j) March 5, 2019 10(k)(k) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units for directors (for use from November 1, 2018). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(k)(k)(k) March 5, 2019 10(l)(l) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units (for use from July 1, 2019). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(l)(l)(l) August 29, 2019 10(m)(m) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of non-qualified stock options. 
 10-K 001-04423 10(m)(m)(m) December 12, 2019 10(n)(n) Form of Retention Grant Agreement for grants of non-qualified stock options. 
 10-K 001-04423 10(n)(n)(n) December 12, 2019 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit(s) Filing Date 10(o)(o) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of stock options for directors (for use from January 15, 2020). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(m)(m)(m) March 5, 2020 10(p)(p) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units for directors (for use from January 15, 2020). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(n)(n)(n) March 5, 2020 10(q)(q) Form of Retention Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units (for use from November 1, 2019). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(o)(o)(o) March 5, 2020 10(r)(r) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units (for use from November 1, 2019). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(p)(p)(p) March 5, 2020 10(s)(s) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of performance-adjusted restricted stock units (for use from November 1, 2019). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(q)(q)(q) March 5, 2020 10(t)(t) Amendment Number One to Second Amended and Restated HP Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended effective February 28, 2020). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(r)(r)(r) June 5, 2020 10(u)(u) Amendment Number One to Registrant s 2005 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended effective February 28, 2020). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(s)(s)(s) June 5, 2020 10(v)(v) HP Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(t)(t)(t) June 5, 2020 10(w)(w) Amendment Number Two to Second Amended and Restated HP Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended effective September 21, 2020. 
 10-K 001-04423 10(x)(x)(x) December 10, 2020 10(x)(x) Amendment Number Two to Registrant's 2005 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended effective September 21, 2020). 
 10-K 001-04423 10(y)(y)(y) December 10, 2020 10(y)(y) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units (for use from November 17, 2020). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(x)(x)(x) March 5, 2021 10(z)(z) Form of Retention Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units (for use from November 17, 2020). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(y)(y)(y) March 5, 2021 10(a)(a)(a) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of non-qualified stock options. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(z)(z)(z) March 5, 2021 10(b)(b)(b) Form of Retention Grant Agreement for grants of non-qualified stock options. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(a)(a)(a)(a) March 5, 2021 10(c)(c)(c) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of performance-adjusted restricted stock units (for use from November 17, 2020). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(b)(b)(b)(b) March 5, 2021 10(d)(d)(d) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of performance-contingent non-qualified stock options. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(c)(c)(c)(c) March 5, 2021 10(e)(e)(e) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units for directors. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(d)(d)(d)(d) March 5, 2021 10(f)(f)(f) First Amendment to the Registrant s Severance and Long-Term Incentive Change in Control Plan for Executive Officers, as amended and restated effective February 28, 2020 (as amended effective December 7, 2020) 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(e)(e)(e)(e) March 5, 2021 

114 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit(s) Filing Date 10(g)(g)(g) Amendment Number Three to Registrant s 2005 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended effective November 17, 2020). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(f)(f)(f)(f) March 5, 2021 10(h)(h)(h) Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2021, among the Registrant, the lenders named therein and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 8-K 001-04423 10.1 June 1, 2021 10(i)(i)(i) Amendment Number Four to Registrant s 2005 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended effective as of April 1, 2021 and December 31, 2021) . 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(j)(j)(j) September 3, 2021 10(j)(j)(j) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units (for use from November 16, 2021). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(j)(j)(j) March 7, 2022 10(k)(k)(k) Form of Retention Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units (for use from November 16, 2021). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(k)(k)(k) March 7, 2022 10(l)(l)(l) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of non-qualified stock options. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(l)(l)(l) March 7, 2022 10(m)(m)(m) Form of Retention Grant Agreement for grants of non-qualified stock options. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(m)(m)(m) March 7, 2022 10(n)(n)(n) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of performance-adjusted restricted stock units (for use from November 16, 2021). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(n)(n)(n) March 7, 2022 10(o)(o)(o) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of performance-contingent non-qualified stock options. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(o)(o)(o) March 7, 2022 10(p)(p)(p) Third Amended and Restated HP Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 8-K 001-04423 10.1 April 22, 2022 10(q)(q)(q) Amendment Agreement, dated August 23, 2022 to the Five-Year Credit Agreement dated May 26, 2021, by and among HP Inc., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 8-K 001-04423 10.1 August 26, 2022 10(r)(r)(r) Plantronics, Inc. 2003 Stock Plan, as amended and restated. 
 S-8 333-267151 4.4 August 29, 2022 10(s)(s)(s) Amendment Number One to the Plantronics, Inc. 2003 Stock Plan, as amended and restated. 
 S-8 333-267151 4.5 August 29, 2022 10(t)(t)(t) Amendment Number Five to Registrant s 2005 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 10-K 001-04423 10(t)(t)(t) December 6, 2022 10(u)(u)(u) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units (for use from November 1, 2022). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(u)(u)(u) March 1, 2023 10(v)(v)(v) Form of Retention Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units (for use from November 1, 2022). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(v)(v)(v) March 1, 2023 10(w)(w)(w) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of non-qualified stock options (for use from November 1, 2022). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(w)(w)(w) March 1, 2023 10(x)(x)(x) Form of Retention Grant Agreement for grants of non-qualified stock options (for use from November 1, 2022). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(x)(x)(x) March 1, 2023 10(y)(y)(y) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of performance-adjusted restricted stock units (for use from November 1, 2022). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(y)(y)(y) March 1, 2023 10(z)(z)(z) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of performance-contingent non-qualified stock options (for use from November 1, 2022). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(z)(z)(z) March 1, 2023 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit(s) Filing Date 10(a)(a)(a)(a) Second Amendment to Registrant s Severance and Long-Term Incentive Change in Control Plan for Executive Officers, as amended and restated effective February 28, 2020, for Performance-Contingent Stock Options generally granted on or after December 7, 2022. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(a)(a)(a)(a) March 1, 2023 10(b)(b)(b)(b) Form of Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units (for Plantronics, Inc. plan). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(b)(b)(b)(b) March 1, 2023 10(c)(c)(c)(c) Form of Retention Grant Agreement for grants of restricted stock units (for Plantronics, Inc. plan). 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(c)(c)(c)(c) March 1, 2023 10(d)(d)(d)(d) 2023 Amendment to the HP Inc. Cash Account Restoration Plan. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(d)(d)(d)(d) May 31, 2023 10(e)(e)(e)(e) Third Amendment to the HP Inc. Excess Benefit Plan. 
 10-Q 001-04423 10(e)(e)(e)(e) May 31, 2023 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant as of October 31, 202 3 . 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Offic er pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended . 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97 HP Inc. Mandatory Covered Compensation Recovery Policy. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL (included within the Exhibit 101 attachments). 
 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Registration S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request. 
 Filed herewith. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Furnished herewith. 
 
 The registrant agrees to furnish to the Commission supplementally upon request a copy of (1) any instrument with respect to long-term debt not filed herewith as to which the total amount of securities authorized thereunder does not exceed 10 of the total assets of the registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis and (2) any omitted schedules to any material agreements set forth above. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: December 15, 2023 HP INC. By: /s/ MARIE MYERS Marie Myers 
 Chief Financial Officer 

119 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Marie Myers, Julie Jacobs and Rick Hansen, or any of them, his or her attorneys-in-fact, for such person in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report and to file the same, with exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that either of said attorneys-in-fact, or substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 Signature Title(s) Date /s/ ENRIQUE LORES President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) December 15, 2023 Enrique Lores /s/ MARIE MYERS Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) December 15, 2023 Marie Myers /s/ JONATHAN P. FAUST Global Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) December 15, 2023 Jonathan P. Faust /s/ AIDA ALVAREZ Director December 15, 2023 Aida Alvarez /s/ ROBERT R. BENNETT Director December 15, 2023 Robert R. Bennett /s/ CHARLES V. BERGH Director December 15, 2023 Charles V. Bergh /s/ BRUCE BROUSSARD Director December 15, 2023 Bruce Broussard /s/ STACY BROWN-PHILPOT Director December 15, 2023 Stacy Brown-Philpot /s/ STEPHANIE BURNS Director December 15, 2023 Stephanie Burns /s/ MARY ANNE CITRINO Director December 15, 2023 Mary Anne Citrino /s/ RICHARD L. CLEMMER Director December 15, 2023 Richard L. Clemmer /s/ DAVID MELINE Director December 15, 2023 David Meline /s/ JUDITH MISCIK Director December 15, 2023 Judith Miscik /s/ KIM K.W. RUCKER Director December 15, 2023 Kim K.W. Rucker /s/ SUBRA SURESH Director December 15, 2023 Subra Suresh 
 121 

<EX-3.(E)>
 2
 ex3eamendedandrestatedbyla.htm
 EX-3.(E)

Document 
 Exhibit 3(e) 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 BYLAWS 
 OF 
 HP INC. (A Delaware Corporation) 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 CORPORATE OFFICES 
 
 1.1 Registered Office . The registered office of HP Inc. HP will be fixed in the Certificate of Incorporation of HP. 
 1.2 Other Offices . HP may at any time establish branch or subordinate offices at any place or places where HP is qualified to do business. 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 2.1 Place of Meetings . Meetings of stockholders will be held at any place within or outside the State of Delaware designated by the Board of Directors of HP (the Board of Directors or the Board ). In lieu of holding a stockholders meeting at a designated place, the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may determine that any stockholders meeting may be held solely by means of remote communication. In the absence of any such designation, stockholders meetings will be held at the principal executive office of HP. 
 2.2 Annual Meeting . 
 (a) The annual meeting of stockholders will be held each year on a date and at a time designated by the Board of Directors or its delegate. At the meeting, directors will be elected, and any other proper business may be transacted. 
 (b) At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such nominations for director will be made and only such other business will be conducted as will have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, nominations and other business must be (i) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (ii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (iii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder of record at the time of giving notice provided for in these Bylaws and at the time of the annual meeting of stockholders, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.2, or (iv) by an Eligible Stockholder pursuant to Section 2.2(h). For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing clauses (iii) and (iv) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations and the foregoing clause (iii) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to propose other business at an annual meeting of stockholders (other than a proposal included in HP s proxy statement pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act )). All references in these Bylaws to a stockholder, stockholder of record, or holder are to a record holder of shares of capital stock of HP, that is, a holder whose name appears on the records of HP as registered owner of shares. 
 (c) For nominations or business (other than business brought pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 14a-8) to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of HP and such 

other business must be a proper subject for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be delivered to or mailed and received by the secretary of HP at the principal executive offices of HP not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting provided , however , that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after the anniversary date of the previous year s annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (x) the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the annual meeting and (y) the tenth (10th) day following the date on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. For purposes of this Section 2.2, (i) a public announcement will mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or a comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by HP with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or in a notice pursuant to the applicable rules of an exchange on which the securities of HP are listed, and (ii) close of business will mean 6 00 p.m. local time at the principal executive offices of HP on any calendar day, whether or not the day is a business day. In no event will an adjournment, or postponement (or the public announcement thereof) of an annual meeting of stockholders for which notice has already been given or for which a public announcement of the meeting date has already been made, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at an annual meeting (or in the case of a stockholder giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the annual meeting on behalf of the beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected by stockholders generally at such annual meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to be timely, a stockholder s notice of a nomination in accordance with the procedures set forth in paragraph (h) of this Section 2.2 must be delivered to or mailed and received by the secretary of HP at the principal executive offices of HP not later than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the one hundred fiftieth (150th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting. 
 (d) A stockholder s notice to the secretary will set forth as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (other than a notice with respect to director nominations, which shall set forth the information, agreements and representations set forth in paragraph (f) of this Section 2.2) (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the Bylaws of HP, the language of the proposed amendment), the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and any material interest in such business of the stockholder and the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act), if any, on whose behalf the business is being proposed, (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the business is being proposed and any affiliate who controls either of the foregoing stockholder or beneficial owner, directly or indirectly (a control person (A) the name and address, as they appear on HP s books, of the stockholder proposing such business, and the name and address of the beneficial owner and any control person, (B) the class and number of shares of HP which are owned of record by the stockholder, the beneficial owner and any control person as of the date of the notice, and the stockholder s agreement to notify HP in writing within five (5) business days after the record date for the annual meeting of the class and number of shares of HP owned of record by the stockholder, the beneficial owner and any control person as of the record date for the meeting, and (C) a representation that the stockholder (or a qualified representative thereof) intends to appear at the meeting to propose such business, (D) a statement whether or not any such stockholder, beneficial owner, any control person or any other participant (used herein as defined in Item 4 of Schedule 14A under 
 2 

the 1934 Act) will engage in a solicitation with respect to such proposal or business and, if so, the name of each participant in such solicitation and the amount of the cost of solicitation that has been and will be borne, directly or indirectly, by each participant in such solicitation and a statement (x) as to whether or not any such stockholder, beneficial owner or any control person intends, or is part of a group that intends, to deliver, or make available, a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of voting power of all of the shares of capital stock of HP required under applicable law to carry the proposal or business and or (y) whether or not any such stockholder, beneficial owner or any control person intends to otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such proposal or business, and (E) a certification regarding whether the stockholder, beneficial owner and any control person has complied with all applicable federal, state and other legal requirements in connection with such stockholder s, beneficial owner s or control person s acquisition of shares of capital stock or other securities of HP and or such stockholder s, beneficial owner s or control person s acts or omissions as a stockholder or beneficial owner of HP, and (iii) as to the stockholder giving the notice (or, if the notice is given on behalf of a beneficial owner on whose behalf the business is being proposed, as to the beneficial owner) and any control person (A) the class and number of shares of HP which are beneficially owned by the stockholder or beneficial owner and any control person as of the date of the notice, and the stockholder s agreement to notify HP in writing within five (5) business days after the record date for the meeting of the class and number of shares of HP beneficially owned by the stockholder or beneficial owner and any control person as of the record date for the meeting, (B) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including the identities of the parties thereto) with respect to the business between or among the stockholder, beneficial owner, or any control person and any other person, including without limitation any agreements that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 5 or Item 6 of 1934 Act Schedule 13D (regardless of whether the requirement to file a Schedule 13D is applicable) and the stockholder s agreement to notify HP in writing within five (5) business days after the record date for the annual meeting of any such agreement, arrangement or understanding in effect as of the record date for the meeting, and (C) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, hedging transactions, and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into as of the date of the stockholder s notice by, or on behalf of, the stockholder, beneficial owner or any control person, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss, manage risk or benefit from changes in the share price of any class of shares of HP, or increase or decrease the voting power of the stockholder, beneficial owner or control person with respect to shares of HP, and the stockholder s agreement to notify HP in writing within five (5) business days after the record date for such meeting of any such agreement, arrangement or understanding in effect as of the record date for the meeting. 
 Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, no business will be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.2. The chair of the annual meeting may determine and declare, if the facts warrant, at the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.2, and, if he or she should so determine, he or she will so declare at the meeting that any such business not properly brought before the meeting will not be transacted. Without limiting any remedy available to HP, a stockholder may not present a proposal at a meeting of stockholders, notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of such proposal may have been received by HP, if such stockholder, any beneficial owner or any control person acted contrary to any representation, certification or agreement required by this Section 2.2(d), otherwise failed to comply with this Section 2.2(d) (or with any law, rule or regulation identified herein) or provided false or misleading information to HP or if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual meeting to present the proposal. For purposes of this Section 2.2, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager, trustee or partner of such stockholder or authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder (or a reliable reproduction or electronic transmission of the 
 3 

writing) delivered to the secretary of HP at least five (5) business days prior to the stockholder meeting by the stockholder stating that the person is authorized to act for the stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to include information with respect to a stockholder proposal in the proxy statement and form of proxy for an annual meeting, stockholders must provide notice as required by the regulations promulgated under the 1934 Act, and the foregoing notice requirements of this Section 2.2 will not apply to stockholders who have notified HP of their intention to present a stockholder proposal only pursuant to and in compliance with such regulations. 
 (e) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this paragraph (e) and either the following paragraph (f) or paragraph (h) of this Section 2.2 will be eligible for election as directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of HP may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders, or at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the notice for such meeting, (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (ii) by any stockholder of record at the time of giving notice provided for in these Bylaws and at the time of the stockholder meeting, who is entitled to vote in the election of directors at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.2, or (iii) in the case of a stockholder-requested special meeting, by any stockholder of record of HP pursuant to Section 2.3(b). Notwithstanding any other provision of these Bylaws, in the case of a stockholder-requested special meeting, no stockholder may nominate a person for election to the Board of Directors or propose any other business to be considered at the meeting, except pursuant to the written request(s) delivered for such special meeting pursuant to Section 2.3(b). Any stockholder, beneficial owner or control person directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders shall use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors. 
 (f) Nominations, other than those made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, will be made pursuant to timely notice in writing to the secretary of HP in accordance with the time periods described in paragraph (c) of this Section 2.2 in the case of an annual meeting and paragraph (c) of Section 2.3 in the case of a special meeting. Such stockholder s notice will set forth (i) as to each person, if any, whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (B) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (C) the class and number of shares of HP which are owned by such person, including shares beneficially owned and shares held of record, (D) any other information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for elections of directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the 1934 Act (including without limitation such person s written consent to being named as a nominee in a proxy statement and form of proxy relating to the meeting at which directors are to be elected and to serving as a director if elected), (E) a written statement executed by such nominee acknowledging that, as a director of such corporation, such person will owe a fiduciary duty, under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, exclusively to HP and its stockholders and, in furtherance thereof, a written representation and agreement that such person (v) is in compliance with and can satisfy the qualifications set forth in the third paragraph of Section 3.3 and HP s Corporate Governance Guidelines, (w) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of HP, will act or vote on any issue or question that has not been disclosed to HP, (x) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than HP with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a nominee or director that has not been disclosed to HP, (y) will comply with all HP corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock 
 4 

ownership and trading policies and guidelines, and any other HP policies and guidelines applicable to directors, and (z) currently intends to serve as a director for the full term for which such person is standing for election and (F) all completed and signed questionnaires provided by HP, which will be provided within ten (10) days following a request therefor by a stockholder seeking to nominate the nominee(s) (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made and any control person (A) the name and address, as they appear on HP s books, of the stockholder giving the notice, and the name and address of the beneficial owner and any control person, (B) the class and number of shares of HP which are owned of record by the stockholder, the beneficial owner and any control person as of the date of the notice, and the stockholder s agreement to notify HP in writing within five (5) business days after the record date for the annual meeting of the class and number of shares of HP owned of record by the stockholder, the beneficial owner and any control person as of the record date for the meeting, (C) a representation that the stockholder (or a qualified representative thereof) intends to appear at the meeting to present the nomination, (D) a statement whether or not any such stockholder, beneficial owner, any control person or any other participant (as defined in Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the 1934 Act) will engage in a solicitation with respect to such nomination(s) and, if so, the name of each participant in such solicitation and the amount of the cost of solicitation that has been and will be borne, directly or indirectly, by each participant in such solicitation and a statement (x) confirming that the stockholder, beneficial owner, or any control person intends, or is part of a group that intends, to solicit the holders of shares representing at least 67 of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of director nominees other than HP s nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19 under the 1934 Act, and or (y) whether or not any such stockholder, beneficial owner or any control person intends to otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such nomination, and (E) a certification regarding whether the stockholder, beneficial owner and any control person has complied with all applicable federal, state and other legal requirements in connection with such stockholder s, beneficial owner s or control person s acquisition of shares of capital stock or other securities of HP and or such stockholder s, beneficial owner s or control person s acts or omissions as a stockholder or beneficial owner of HP, and (iii) as to the stockholder giving the notice (or, if the notice is given on behalf of a beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is being made, as to the beneficial owner) and any control person (A) the class and number of shares of HP which are beneficially owned by the stockholder or beneficial owner or any control person as of the date of the notice, and the stockholder s agreement to notify HP in writing within five (5) business days after the record date for the meeting of the class and number of shares of HP beneficially owned by the stockholder or beneficial owner or any control person as of the record date for the meeting, (B) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including the identities of the parties thereto) with respect to the nomination between or among the stockholder, beneficial owner or any control person and any other person, including without limitation any agreements that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 5 or Item 6 of 1934 Act Schedule 13D (regardless of whether the requirement to file a Schedule 13D is applicable) and the stockholder s agreement to notify HP in writing within five (5) business days after the record date for the annual meeting of any such agreement, arrangement or understanding in effect as of the record date for the meeting, and (C) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, hedging transactions, and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into as of the date of the stockholder s notice by, or on behalf of, the stockholder, beneficial owner, or any control person the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss, manage risk or benefit from changes in the share price of any class of shares of HP, or increase or decrease the voting power of the stockholder, beneficial owner or control person with respect to shares of HP, and the stockholder s agreement to notify HP in writing within five (5) business days after the record date for such meeting of any such agreement, arrangement or understanding in effect as of the record date for the meeting. A stockholder must deliver to HP, no later than five (5) business days prior the applicable stockholder meeting, reasonable evidence that such stockholder, 
 5 

beneficial owner, if any, and or control person, if any has complied with the applicable requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the 1934 Act. At the request of the Board of Directors or the chair of the Board of Directors, if any, any person nominated by a stockholder for election as a director will furnish to the secretary of HP that information required to be set forth in the stockholder s notice of nomination which pertains to the nominee and such other information as HP may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of the proposed nominee to serve as a director of HP. No person (other than those nominated by or at the direction of the Board of Directors) will be eligible for election as a director of HP unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this paragraph (f) or Section 2.2(h). 
 Without limiting any remedy available to HP, a stockholder may not present nominations for director at a meeting of stockholders (and any such nominee shall be disqualified from standing for election or re-election), notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of such nomination may have been received by HP, if such stockholder, any beneficial owner, any control person or any nominee for director acted contrary to any representation, certification or agreement required by this Section 2.2(f), otherwise failed to comply with Section 2.2(e) or (f) (or with any law, rule or regulation identified therein) or provided false or misleading information to HP or if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting to present the nomination. 
 (g) The chair of the meeting may determine and declare, if the facts warrant, at the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by these Bylaws, and in such event the defective nomination will be disregarded. 
 (h) HP shall include in its proxy statement for an annual meeting of stockholders the name, together with the Required Information (defined below), of any person nominated for election (the Stockholder Nominee to the Board of Directors by a stockholder that satisfies, or by a group of no more than 20 stockholders that satisfy, the requirements of this Section 2.2(h) (the Eligible Stockholder ), and who expressly elects at the time of providing the notice required by this Section 2.2(h) to have its nominee included in HP s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.2(h). 
 For purposes of this Section 2.2(h), the Required Information that HP will include in its proxy statement is (i) the information concerning the Stockholder Nominee and the Eligible Stockholder that is required to be disclosed in HP s proxy statement by the regulations promulgated under the 1934 Act and (ii) if the Eligible Stockholder so elects, a Statement (defined below). 
 HP shall not be required to include, pursuant to this Section 2.2(h), any Stockholder Nominees in its proxy materials for any meeting of stockholders for which the secretary of HP receives a notice that a stockholder has nominated a person for election to the Board of Directors pursuant to the advance notice requirements for stockholder nominees for director set forth in Section 2.2(f) of these Bylaws. 
 The number of Stockholder Nominees (including Stockholder Nominees that were submitted by an Eligible Stockholder for inclusion in HP s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.2(h) but either are subsequently withdrawn or that the Board of Directors decides to nominate as Board of Director nominees) appearing in HP s proxy materials with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders shall not exceed 20 of the number of directors in office as of the last day on which notice of a nomination in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.2(h) may be delivered pursuant to Section 2.2(c) of these Bylaws, or if such amount is not a whole number, the closest whole number below 20 . In the event that the number of Stockholder Nominees submitted by Eligible Stockholders pursuant to this Section 2.2(h) exceeds this maximum number, each Eligible Stockholder will select one Stockholder Nominee 
 6 

for inclusion in HP s proxy materials until the maximum number is reached, going in order of the amount (largest to smallest) of shares of common stock of HP each Eligible Stockholder disclosed as owned in the written notice of the nomination submitted to HP. If the maximum number is not reached after each Eligible Stockholder has selected one Stockholder Nominee, this selection process will continue as many times as necessary, following the same order each time, until the maximum number is reached. 
 For purposes of this Section 2.2(h), an Eligible Stockholder shall be deemed to own only those outstanding shares of common stock of HP as to which the stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Stockholder Nominee is being proposed, possesses both (i) the full voting and investment rights pertaining to the shares and (ii) the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit and risk of loss on) such shares provided that the number of shares calculated in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) shall not include any shares (x) sold by such stockholder or beneficial owner or any of their respective affiliates in any transaction that has not been settled or closed, (y) borrowed by such stockholder or beneficial owner or any of their respective affiliates for any purposes or purchased by such stockholder or beneficial owner or any of their respective affiliates pursuant to an agreement to resell or (z) subject to any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale, other derivative or similar agreement entered into by such stockholder or beneficial owner or any of their respective affiliates, whether any such instrument or agreement is to be settled with shares or with cash based on the notional amount or value of shares of outstanding common stock of HP, in any such case which instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, the purpose or effect of (1) reducing in any manner, to any extent or at any time in the future, such stockholder s, beneficial owner s, or affiliates full right to vote or direct the voting of any such shares, and or (2) hedging, offsetting or altering to any degree gain or loss arising from the full economic ownership of such shares by such stockholder, beneficial owner, or affiliate. A stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Stockholder Nominee is proposed, shall own shares held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as the stockholder or beneficial owner, as applicable, retains the right to instruct how the shares are voted with respect to the election of directors and possesses the full economic interest in the shares. A stockholder s and beneficial owner s ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which the stockholder or beneficial owner, as applicable, has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney or other instrument or arrangement which is revocable at any time by the stockholder or beneficial owner, as applicable. The terms owned, owning and other variations of the word own shall have correlative meanings. 
 Whether outstanding shares of the common stock of HP are owned for these purposes shall be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 An Eligible Stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Stockholder Nominee is being proposed must have owned (as defined above) 3 or more of HP s outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years (the Required Shares as of both the date the written notice of the nomination is delivered to or mailed and received by HP in accordance with Section 2.2(c) of these Bylaws and the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting. Within the time period specified in Section 2.2(c) of these Bylaws for providing notice of a nomination in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.2(h), an Eligible Stockholder must provide the following information in writing to the secretary of HP (i) one or more written statements from the record holder of the shares (and from each intermediary through which the shares are or have been held during the requisite three-year holding period) verifying that, as of a date within seven calendar days prior to the date the written notice of the nomination is delivered to or mailed and received by HP, the Eligible Stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Stockholder Nominee is proposed owns, and has owned continuously for the preceding three years, the Required Shares, and the Eligible Stockholder s and beneficial owner s agreement to provide, within five (5) 
 7 

business days after the record date for the annual meeting, written statements from the record holder and intermediaries verifying the Eligible Stockholder s and beneficial owner s continuous ownership of the Required Shares through the record date (ii) the information required to be set forth in the stockholder s notice of nomination pursuant to Section 2.2(f) of these Bylaws, together with the written consent of each Stockholder Nominee to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected (iii) a copy of the Schedule 14N that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as required by Rule 14a-18 under the 1934 Act, as may be amended (iv) a representation that the Eligible Stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Stockholder Nominee is being proposed (A) acquired the Required Shares in the ordinary course of business and not with the intent to change or influence control at HP, and does not presently have such intent, (B) has not nominated and will not nominate for election to the Board of Directors at the annual meeting any person other than the Stockholder Nominee(s) being nominated pursuant to this Section 2.2(h), (C) has not engaged and will not engage in, and has not and will not be a participant in another person s, solicitation within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the 1934 Act in support of the election of any individual as a director at the annual meeting other than its Stockholder Nominee or a nominee of the Board of Directors, and (D) will not distribute to any stockholder any form of proxy for the annual meeting other than the form distributed by HP and (v) an undertaking that the Eligible Stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Stockholder Nominee is proposed agrees to (A) assume all liability stemming from any legal or regulatory violation arising out of the Eligible Stockholder s or beneficial owner s communications with the stockholders of HP or out of the information that the Eligible Stockholder or beneficial owner provided to HP and (B) comply with all other laws and regulations applicable to any solicitation in connection with the annual meeting. 
 The Eligible Stockholder may provide to the secretary of HP, at the time the information required by this Section 2.2(h) is provided, a written statement for inclusion in HP s proxy statement for the annual meeting, not to exceed 500 words, in support of the Stockholder Nominee s candidacy (the Statement ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.2(h), HP may omit from its proxy materials any information or Statement that it, in good faith, believes would violate any applicable law or regulation. 
 Within the time period specified in Section 2.2(c) of these Bylaws for providing notice of a nomination in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.2(h), a Stockholder Nominee must deliver to the secretary of HP a written representation and agreement that such person (i) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of HP, will act or vote on any issue or question that has not been disclosed to HP, (ii) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than HP with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to HP, and (iii) will comply with all HP corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines, and any other HP policies and guidelines applicable to directors. At the request of HP, the Stockholder Nominee must submit all completed and signed questionnaires required of HP directors and officers. HP may request such additional information as necessary to permit the Board of Directors to determine if each Stockholder Nominee is independent under the listing standards of the principal U.S. exchange upon which the common stock of HP is listed, any applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board of Directors in determining and disclosing the independence of HP s directors. If the Board of Directors determines that the Stockholder Nominee is not independent under any of these standards, the Stockholder Nominee will not be eligible for inclusion in HP s proxy materials. 
 8 

Any Stockholder Nominee who is included in HP s proxy materials for a particular annual meeting of stockholders but either (i) withdraws from or becomes ineligible or unavailable for election at the annual meeting, or (ii) does not receive at least 25 of the votes cast in favor of the Stockholder Nominee s election, will be ineligible to be a Stockholder Nominee pursuant to this Section 2.2(h) for the next two annual meetings. 
 (i) Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use for solicitation by the Board of Directors. 
 (j) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Sections 2.2 and 2.3, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, and any failure to comply with such requirements shall be deemed a failure to comply with Section 2.2 or 2.3, as applicable. Nothing in the Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights of (i) stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in HP s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act or (ii) holders of any class or series of preferred stock to nominate and elect directors pursuant to and to the extent provided in any applicable provision of the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 2.3 Special Meeting . 
 (a) A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the Board of Directors, or by any of the following persons with the concurrence of a majority of the Board of Directors the chair of the Board of Directors, if any, or the chief executive officer or the secretary, but such special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons except as provided in paragraph (b) of this Section 2.3. 
 (b) A special meeting of stockholders shall be called by the Board of Directors upon written request to the secretary of one or more record holders who own (as defined below) shares of stock of HP representing in the aggregate not less than fifteen percent (15 of the total number of shares of stock entitled to vote on the matter or matters to be brought before the proposed special meeting. A request to the secretary shall be signed by each stockholder, or a duly authorized agent of such stockholder, requesting the special meeting and shall set forth a brief description of each matter of business desired to be brought before the special meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the special meeting and the information required in paragraph (d) or (f) of Section 2.2 of these Bylaws, as applicable. A special meeting requested by stockholders shall be held at such date, time and place within or without the State of Delaware as may be fixed by the Board of Directors provided , however , that the date of any such special meeting shall be not more than ninety (90) days after the request(s) to call the special meeting is received by the secretary from stockholders holding in the aggregate at least the requisite number of shares entitling the stockholders to request the calling of a special meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a special meeting requested by stockholders shall not be held if (i) the Board of Directors has called or calls for an annual meeting of stockholders to be held within ninety (90) days after the secretary receives the request for the special meeting and the Board of Directors determines in good faith that the business of such annual meeting includes (among any other matters properly brought before the annual meeting) an item of business that is the same or substantially similar to that specified in the request (a similar item (ii) the special meeting request relates to an item of business that is not a proper subject for stockholder action under, or that involves a violation of, applicable law (iii) a similar item (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) was presented at a meeting of stockholders occurring within 120 days preceding the earliest date of signature on the special meeting request (provided, that the removal of directors and the filling of the resulting vacancies shall be considered the same or substantially similar to the election of directors at the preceding annual meeting of stockholders) or (iv) the 
 9 

special meeting request does not comply with the requirements of this Section 2.3(b). A stockholder may revoke a request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the secretary, and if, following such revocation, there are un-revoked requests from stockholders holding in the aggregate less than the requisite number of shares entitling the stockholders to request the calling of a special meeting, the Board of Directors, in its discretion, may decline to call or cancel the special meeting. Business transacted at a special meeting requested by stockholders shall be limited to the matters described in the special meeting request provided , however that nothing herein shall prohibit the Board of Directors from submitting matters to the stockholders at any special meeting requested by stockholders. 
 For purposes of this Section 2.3(b), a stockholder shall be deemed to own only those outstanding shares of common stock of HP as to which the stockholder possesses, as of both the date the written request for a special meeting, signed by the stockholder, is received by the secretary and the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting, both (i) the full voting and investment rights pertaining to the shares and (ii) the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit and risk of loss on) such shares provided that the number of shares calculated in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) shall not include any shares (x) sold by such stockholder or any of its affiliates in any transaction that has not been settled or closed, (y) borrowed by such stockholder or any of its affiliates for any purposes or purchased by such stockholder or any of its affiliates pursuant to an agreement to resell or (z) subject to any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale, other derivative or similar agreement entered into by such stockholder or any of its affiliates, whether any such instrument or agreement is to be settled with shares or with cash based on the notional amount or value of shares of outstanding common stock of HP, in any such case which instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, the purpose or effect of (1) reducing in any manner, to any extent or at any time in the future, such stockholder s or affiliates full right to vote or direct the voting of any such shares, and or (2) hedging, offsetting or altering to any degree gain or loss arising from the full economic ownership of such shares by such stockholder or affiliate. A stockholder shall be deemed to own shares held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as the stockholder retains the right to instruct how the shares are voted with respect to the election of directors and possesses the full economic interest in the shares. A stockholder s ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which the stockholder has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney or other instrument or arrangement which is revocable at any time by the stockholder. The terms owned, owning and other variations of the word own shall have correlative meanings. Whether outstanding shares of the common stock of HP are deemed to be owned for these purposes shall be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 (c) In the event a special meeting (other than a stockholder-requested special meeting) is called for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board of Directors, any stockholder entitled to vote in the election of directors may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to such position(s) as specified in the notice for such meeting, if the stockholder s notice required by paragraph (f) of Section 2.2 shall be delivered to the secretary of HP at the principal executive offices of HP not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the special meeting nor later than the close of business on the later of (i) the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the special meeting or (ii) the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall an adjournment or postponement (or the public announcement thereof) commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at a special meeting (or in the case of a stockholder giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the special meeting on behalf of the 
 10 

beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected by stockholders generally at such special meeting. 
 (d) Only such business will be considered at a special meeting of stockholders as will have been stated in the notice for such meeting. 
 2.4 Organization . Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the chair of the Board of Directors, if any, or in his or her absence by a person designated by the Board of Directors, or, in the absence of a person so designated by the Board of Directors, by the chief executive officer, or in his or her absence by the chief financial officer, or in his or her absence by the secretary, if any, or in his or her absence by a chair chosen at the meeting by the vote of a majority in interest of the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote thereat. The secretary, or in his or her absence, an assistant secretary, or, in the absence of the secretary and all assistant secretaries, a person whom the chair of the meeting will appoint will act as secretary of the meeting and keep a record of the proceedings thereof. 
 The Board of Directors will be entitled to make such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it will deem necessary, appropriate or convenient. Subject to such rules and regulations of the Board of Directors, if any, the chair of the meeting will have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chair, are necessary, appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, establishing an agenda or order of business for the meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present, limitations on participation in such meeting to stockholders of record of HP and their duly authorized and constituted proxies, and such other persons as the chair will permit, restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants, regulation of the opening and closing of the polls for balloting and matters which are to be voted on by ballot, procedures (if any) requiring attendees to provide HP advance notice of their intent to attend the meeting and any additional attendance or other procedures or requirements for proponents submitting a proposal pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting, meetings of stockholders will not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 2.5 Notice of Stockholders Meetings . All notices of meetings of stockholders will be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 2.6 of these Bylaws not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting. The notice will specify the place (if any), date, and hour of the meeting and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes of the meeting. Any previously scheduled meeting of the stockholders may be postponed, and, except for meetings of stockholders called by the Board of Directors pursuant to paragraph (b) of Section 2.3 of these Bylaws (which meetings may be cancelled only on the terms provided in paragraph (b) of Section 2.3 of these Bylaws) or if the Certificate of Incorporation otherwise provides, any meeting of the stockholders may be cancelled, by resolution of the Board of Directors upon public notice given prior to the date previously scheduled for such meeting of stockholders. 
 2.6 Manner of Giving Notice Affidavit of Notice . Notice of any meeting of stockholders may be given by U.S. mail (postage prepaid), courier service or by electronic mail, or by other means of electronic transmission in accordance with Section 232 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Notice shall be deemed given in accordance with Section 232 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 11 

An affidavit of the mailing or other means of giving any notice of any stockholders meeting, executed by the secretary, assistant secretary or any transfer agent or mailing agent of HP giving the notice, will be prima facie evidence of the giving of such notice or report. 
 2.7 Quorum . The holders of a majority in voting power of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation. If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the chair of the meeting or (ii) the stockholders by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting entitled to vote thereon, will have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time in accordance with Section 2.8 until a quorum is present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. 
 When a quorum is present at any meeting, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding stock present in person or represented by proxy entitled to vote thereon will decide any matter properly brought before such meeting, unless (i) the matter is one upon which, by express provision of the laws of the State of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a vote of a different number or voting by classes is required, in which case such express provision will govern and control the decision of the matter, or (ii) the matter is brought pursuant to the rules of an exchange upon which the securities of HP are listed, in which case such rules will determine the vote required. 
 If a quorum be initially present, the stockholders may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. 
 2.8 Adjourned Meeting Notice . Any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, whether or not a quorum is present, may be adjourned for any reason from time to time by either (i) the chair of the meeting or (ii) the stockholders by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the stock represented at the meeting, either in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote thereon. In the absence of a quorum, no other business may be transacted at that meeting except as provided in Section 2.7 of these Bylaws. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure to convene or continue a meeting using remote communication), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the place, if any, date and time thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken (ii) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxyholders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Section 222 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. However, if a new record date for the adjourned meeting is fixed or if the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, then notice of the adjourned meeting will be given. Notice of any such adjourned meeting will be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.5 and 2.6 of these Bylaws. At any adjourned meeting HP may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. 
 2.9 Voting . The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders will be determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.12 of these Bylaws. 
 12 

Except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, by these Bylaws or as required by law, each stockholder will be entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock registered in such stockholder s name on the books of HP on the record date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting. 
 Any stockholder entitled to vote on any matter may vote part of such stockholder s shares in favor of the proposal and refrain from voting part or all of such stockholder s remaining shares or, except when the matter is the election of directors and plurality voting applies, may vote part or all of them against the proposal but if the stockholder fails to specify the number of shares which the stockholder is voting affirmatively, it will be conclusively presumed that the stockholder s vote is with respect to all shares which the stockholder is entitled to vote. 
 2.10 Validation of Meetings Waiver of Notice Consent . The transactions of any meeting of stockholders, either annual or special, however called and noticed, and wherever held, will be as valid as though they had been taken at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a quorum be present either in person or by proxy. 
 Attendance by a person at a meeting also will constitute a waiver of notice of and presence at that meeting, except when the person objects at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Attendance at a meeting is not a waiver of any right to object to the consideration of matters required by law to be included in the notice of the meeting but not so included, if that objection is expressly made at the meeting. 
 2.11 Action by Written Consent . Subject to the rights of the holders of the shares of any series of Preferred Stock or any other class of stock or series thereof having a preference over the Common Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of HP must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of HP and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such stockholders. 
 2.12 Record Date for Stockholder Notice Voting Giving Consents . For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting or to vote thereat, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which will not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors and will not be more than sixty (60) days nor less than ten (10) days before the date of any such meeting, and in such event only stockholders of record on the date so fixed are entitled to notice and to vote, notwithstanding any transfer of any shares on the books of HP after the record date, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, by these Bylaws, by agreement or by applicable law. 
 If the Board of Directors does not so fix a record date, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders will be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. 
 A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders will apply to any adjournment of the meeting unless the Board of Directors fixes a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 The record date for any other purpose will be as provided in Section 8.1 of these Bylaws. 
 2.13 Proxies . Every person entitled to vote for directors, or on any other matter, shall have the right to do so either in person or by one or more agents authorized by a written proxy, which may be in the form of a facsimile or other means of electronic transmission, signed by the person and submitted to the secretary of HP or HP s proxy solicitor, but no such proxy will be 
 13 

voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy will be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A stockholder may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by filing an instrument in writing revoking the proxy or by submitting another duly executed proxy bearing a later date with the secretary. 
 A proxy is not revoked by the death or incapacity of the maker unless, before the vote is counted, written notice of such death or incapacity is received by HP. 
 2.14 Inspectors of Election . Before any meeting of stockholders, the Board of Directors will appoint an inspector or inspectors of election to act at the meeting or its adjournment. The number of inspectors will be either one (1) or three (3). If any person appointed as inspector fails to appear or fails or refuses to act, then the chair of the meeting may, and upon the request of any stockholder or a stockholder s proxy will, appoint a person to fill that vacancy. 
 Such inspectors will 
 (a) ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, the number of shares represented at the meeting and determine the shares represented at a meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots 
 (b) count all votes and ballots 
 (c) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors and 
 (d) certify the determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting and the count of all votes and ballots. 
 The inspectors of election will perform their duties impartially, in good faith, to the best of their ability and as expeditiously as is practical. If there are three (3) inspectors of election, the decision, act or certificate of a majority is effective in all respects as the decision, act or certificate of all. Any report or certificate made by the inspectors of election is prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 
 2.15 Delivery to HP . Whenever this Article II requires one or more persons (including a record or beneficial owner of stock) to deliver a document or information (other than a document authorizing another person to act for a stockholder by proxy at a meeting of stockholders pursuant to Section 212 of the DGCL) to HP or any officer, employee or agent thereof (including any notice, request, questionnaire, revocation, representation or other document or agreement), HP shall not be required to accept delivery of such document or information unless the document or information is in writing exclusively (and not in an electronic transmission) and delivered exclusively by hand (including, without limitation, overnight courier service) or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 
 2.16 Remote Communication . For the purposes of these Bylaws, if authorized by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board of Directors may adopt, stockholders and proxyholders may, by means of remote communication 
 (a) participate in a meeting of stockholders and 
 14 

(b) be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, provided that (i) HP will implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a stockholder or proxyholder, (ii) HP will implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholder, including an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (iii) if any stockholder or proxyholder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, HP or its agent will maintain a record of such vote or other action. 
 ARTICLE III 
 DIRECTORS 
 3.1 Powers . Subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and to any limitations in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws relating to action required to be approved by the stockholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of HP will be managed and will be exercised by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authorities these Bylaws expressly confer upon them, the Board of Directors may exercise all such powers of HP and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 
 3.2 Number . The Board of Directors shall consist of a total of fourteen (14) authorized directorships. In accordance with Section A of Article VI of the Certificate of Incorporation, the number of directors may be changed from time to time by an amendment to the Bylaws duly adopted by the stockholders or by the Board of Directors, provided that the authorized number of directors will not be less than eight (8) nor more than seventeen (17). 
 3.3 Election, Qualifications and Term of Office of Directors . Except as provided in Section 3.4 of these Bylaws, at each annual meeting of stockholders, directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms then expire will be elected for a term of office to expire at the succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their election, with each director to hold office until such director s successor will have been duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. 
 Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, wherein other qualifications for directors may be prescribed. 
 To be qualified to serve as a director of HP and to be eligible to be a nominee for election or reelection as a director of HP, as of the date HP first mails to stockholder its notice of meeting for the meeting at which such person has been nominated for election or reelection (for purposes of this paragraph, the notice date ), a person (i) must not have been an officer or director of a company that is a competitor of HP within the three years preceding the notice date (ii) must not be serving as a director at more than four other public companies as of the notice date and (iii) must not be a named subject of a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) pending as of the notice date and, within the ten years preceding such date, must not have been convicted in such a criminal proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a director elected to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship pursuant to Section 3.4 of these Bylaws, the relevant time frames for assessing whether a nominee meets the foregoing qualifications shall be determined by reference to the date on which such nominee is elected as a director. For purposes of clause (i) above, a competitor of HP is any company engaged in any 
 15 

business or other activities that are competitive with any aspect of HP s business to an extent that is more than de minimis, as determined by the Board of Directors. 
 Election of directors at all meetings of the stockholders at which directors are to be elected will be by ballot. 
 Each director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to the nominee at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, provided , however , that the directors shall be elected by a plurality of the shares represented in person or by proxy at any such meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors and cast in the election of directors at any meeting of stockholders for which (i) the secretary of HP receives a notice that a stockholder has nominated a person for election to the Board of Directors in compliance with the advance notice or proxy access requirements for stockholder nominees for director set forth in Section 2.2 of these Bylaws and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or prior to the tenth (10th) day preceding the date HP first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the stockholders. For purposes of this Section, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a nominee must exceed the votes cast against such nominee s election. 
 3.4 Resignation and Vacancies . Any director may resign effective upon giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the chair of the Board of Directors, if any, the chief executive officer, the secretary or the entire Board of Directors, unless the notice specifies a later time for that resignation to become effective provided , however , that if such notice is given by electronic transmission, such electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the electronic transmission was authorized by the director. If the resignation of a director is effective at a future time, the Board of Directors, including such resigning director, may elect a successor to take office when the resignation becomes effective. Acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective, unless so specified therein. 
 Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, vacancies on the Board of Directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director however, a vacancy created by the removal of a director by the vote of the stockholders or by court order may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of shares represented and entitled to vote thereon and voting at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present (which shares voting affirmatively also constitute a majority of the required quorum). Each director so elected will hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders and until a successor has been elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. 
 Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws 
 (a) Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. 
 (b) Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected. 
 16 

Any directors chosen pursuant to this Section 3.4 will hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such director s successor will have been duly elected and qualified or until such director s earlier resignation or removal. 
 If at any time, by reason of death or resignation or other cause, HP should have no directors in office, then any officer or any stockholder or an executor, administrator, trustee or guardian of a stockholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or estate of a stockholder, may call a special meeting of stockholders in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, or may apply to the Court of Chancery for a decree summarily ordering an election as provided in Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of the whole Board of Directors (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), then the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least ten percent (10 of the total number of the then outstanding shares having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office as aforesaid, which election will be governed by the provisions of Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as far as applicable. 
 3.5 Removal . Unless otherwise restricted by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. 
 3.6 Place of Meetings Meetings by Telephone . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any place (if any) within or outside the State of Delaware that has been designated from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. In the absence of such a designation, regular meetings will be held at any place (if any) within or outside the State of Delaware that has been designated in the notice of the meeting or, if not stated in the notice or if there is no notice, at the principal executive office of HP. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any place (if any) within or outside the State of Delaware that has been designated in the notice of the meeting or, if not stated in the notice or if there is no notice, at the principal executive office of HP. 
 Any meeting, regular or special, may be held by conference telephone or other communication equipment, so long as all directors participating in the meeting can hear one another and all such directors shall be deemed to be present in person at the meeting. 
 3.7 Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice if the times of such meetings are fixed by the Board of Directors. 
 3.8 Special Meetings Notice . Special meetings of the Board of Directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chair of the Board of Directors, if any, or in the absence of a chair by the lead independent director, if any, or by the chief executive officer, the secretary or a majority of the members of the Board of Directors then in office. 
 The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix the place (if any) and time of the meetings. The chair of the Board of Directors, if any, the chief executive officer, secretary or any assistant secretary or their delegates will give notice of any special meeting to each director personally or by telephone, mail, express mail, courier service, or electronic transmission, postage or charges prepaid. If the notice is by mail, such notice will be deposited in the United States mail at least four (4) days prior to the time set for such meeting. If the notice is by express mail or courier service, such notice will be deemed 
 17 

adequately delivered when the notice is delivered to the overnight mail or courier service company at least twenty-four (24) hours prior to the time set for such meeting. If the notice is by facsimile transmission, electronic mail or other means of electronic transmission, such notice will be deemed adequately delivered when the notice is transmitted a reasonable time (which need not be more than twenty-four (24) hours and may be less depending on the circumstances) prior to the time set for such meeting. If the notice is by telephone or by hand delivery, such notice will be deemed adequately delivered when the notice is given a reasonable time (which need not be more than twenty-four (24) hours and may be less depending on the circumstances) prior to the time set for such meeting. Any oral notice given personally or by telephone may be communicated either to the director or to a person at the office of the director whom the person giving the notice has reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the director. If the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of HP, the notice need not specify the place of the meeting. Moreover, a notice of meeting need not state the purpose of such meeting, and, unless indicated in the notice thereof, any and all business may be transacted at a meeting. 
 3.9 Quorum . A majority of the authorized number of directors will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except to fill vacancies in the Board of Directors as provided in Section 3.4 or to adjourn as provided in Section 3.11 of these Bylaws. Every act or decision done or made by a majority of the directors present at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present will be regarded as the act of the Board of Directors, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. 
 3.10 Waiver of Notice . Whenever notice is required to be given under the any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, a written waiver, signed by director, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a director at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission. 
 3.11 Adjournment . A majority of the directors present, whether or not constituting a quorum, may adjourn any meeting to another time and place. 
 3.12 Notice of Adjournment . Notice of the time and place (if any) of holding an adjourned meeting need not be given if announced unless the meeting is adjourned for more than twenty-four (24) hours. If the meeting is adjourned for more than twenty-four (24) hours, then notice of the time and place (if any) of the adjourned meeting will be given before the adjourned meeting takes place, in the manner specified in Section 3.8 of these Bylaws, to the directors who were not present at the time of the adjournment. 
 3.13 Board Action by Written Consent Without a Meeting . Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, provided that all members of the Board of Directors individually or collectively provide written or electronic consent to that action provided, however , that, if such consent is effected by electronic transmission, such electronic transmission was authorized by the director. Such action by written consent will have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of the Board of Directors. Such written consent and any counterparts thereof will be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors. 
 3.14 Organization . Meetings of the Board of Directors will be presided over by the chair of the Board of Directors, if any. In his or her absence, the lead independent director, if any, will 
 18 

preside over meetings of the Board of Directors. In the absence of the chair of the Board of Directors and the lead independent director, a majority of the directors present at the meeting, assuming a quorum, will designate a president pro tem of the meeting who, if any such person be present, will be a chair of a committee of the Board of Directors and who will preside at the meeting. The secretary, or in his or her absence the assistant secretary, will act as secretary of the meeting, but in the absence of such persons the chair of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 
 3.15 Chair of the Board of Directors . The chair of the Board of Directors will, if present, preside, at meetings of the Board of Directors and stockholders, and may call meetings of the Board of Directors and also of the stockholders to be held, subject to the limitations prescribed by law or by these Bylaws, at such times and at such places as the chair of the Board of Directors may deem proper. The chair of the Board of Directors will report to the Board of Directors and will exercise and perform such other duties as may from time to time be agreed to by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may appoint HP's chief executive officer to simultaneously serve as the chair of the Board of Directors, and in such case will appoint a lead independent director who will exercise and perform such duties as may from time to time be agreed to by the Board of Directors. 
 3.16 Fees and Compensation of Directors . Directors and members of committees may receive such compensation, if any, for their services and such reimbursement of expenses as may be fixed or determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. This Section 3.16 will not be construed to preclude any director from serving HP in any other capacity as an officer, agent, employee or otherwise and receiving compensation for those services. 
 3.17 Executive Session . It is the intent of the Board of Directors that the members of the Board of Directors who are not employees of HP will confer in executive session at least three (3) times per year. Such directors may confer in additional executive sessions from time to time throughout the year, as determined by a majority of such directors. The executive sessions shall be presided over by an independent chair of the Board of Directors, if any, as determined by HP's independence standards, or, if the chair of the Board of Directors is not independent, by a lead independent director, selected by a majority of such independent directors, as determined by HP s independence standards. 
 ARTICLE IV 
 COMMITTEES 
 4.1 Committees of Directors . The Board of Directors may designate one (1) or more committees, each consisting of one (1) or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one (1) or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any committee, unless limited by resolution of the Board of Directors or any applicable laws or listing standards, will have all the authority of the Board of Directors, but no such committee will have the power or authority to (i) approve or adopt or recommend to the stockholders any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) that expressly requires the approval of the stockholders under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or (ii) adopt, amend or repeal any Bylaw of HP. 
 4.2 Meetings and Action of Committees . Meetings and actions of committees will be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the following provisions of Article III of 
 19 

these Bylaws Section 3.6 (place of meetings meetings by telephone), Section 3.7 (regular meetings), Section 3.8 (special meetings notice), Section 3.9 (quorum), Section 3.10 (waiver of notice), Section 3.11 (adjournment), Section 3.12 (notice of adjournment), and Section 3.13 (action by written consent), with such changes in the context of those Bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the Board of Directors and its members provided , however , that the time of regular meetings of committees may be determined either by resolution of the Board of Directors or by resolution of the committee, that special meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the Board of Directors, and that notice of special meetings of committees will also be given to all alternate members, who will have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The Board of Directors may adopt rules for the governance of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws. 
 4.3 Executive Committee . In the event that the Board of Directors appoints an executive committee, such executive committee, in all cases in which specific directions to the contrary have not been given by the Board of Directors, will have and may exercise, during the intervals between the meetings of the Board of Directors, all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of HP (except as provided in Section 4.1 hereof) in such manner as the executive committee may deem in the best interests of HP. 
 ARTICLE V 
 OFFICERS 
 5.1 Officers . The officers of HP shall consist at a minimum of a chief executive officer and a secretary, each of whom shall be appointed by the Board of Directors. Except as set forth in Section 5.2 of these Bylaws, the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer may appoint other officers of HP and confer such offices and titles on any such other officers as the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer, as applicable, determines appropriate Other Officers ). Other Officers may include, but need not be limited to, one or more presidents, executive vice presidents, senior vice presidents, and vice presidents, a controller, a treasurer, and one or more assistant controllers, assistant treasurers, assistant secretaries, or other assistant officers, or the functional equivalent of any of the foregoing. Officers will be appointed in such manner and hold their offices for such terms as the Board of Directors (or, if appointed by the chief executive officer, the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer) may prescribe. One person may hold any number of offices. Each officer shall hold office until their successor is elected and qualified or until such officer s earlier resignation or removal. 
 5.2 Section 16 Officers . Any person who is appointed to fill a position or office designated by the Board of Directors as within the scope of Section 16a-1(f) of the 1934 Act Section 16 Officers shall be appointed by the Board of Directors. Section 16 Officers will be appointed in such manner and hold their offices for such terms as the Board of Directors may prescribe. Except in the case of the chief executive officer, the compensation of any Section 16 Officer shall be determined by the HR and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The compensation of the chief executive officer shall be determined by the independent directors of the Board of Directors, acting at a meeting at which a quorum of the independent directors is present. 
 5.3 Removal Suspension and Resignation of Officers Vacancies . Any officer of HP may be removed or suspended at any time at the pleasure of the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer. Any officer may resign at any time upon written or electronic notice to HP without prejudice to the rights, if any, of HP under any contract to which the officer is a party. Such resignation shall take effect at the date of receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. If any vacancy occurs in any office of HP the Board of 
 20 

Directors (or if permitted by Section 5.1 of these Bylaws, the chief executive officer) may appoint a successor to fill such vacancy for the remainder of the unexpired term and until a successor is duly chosen and qualified. 
 5.4 Powers and Duties of Chief Executive Officer . The powers and duties of the chief executive officer are 
 (a) To have and provide general supervision, direction, and control of HP s business and affairs and its officers 
 (b) To call meetings of the Board of Directors to be held, subject to the limitations prescribed by law or by these Bylaws, at such times and at such places as the chief executive officer deems proper 
 (c) To affix the signature of HP to all deeds, conveyances, mortgages, leases, obligations, bonds, certificates and other papers and instruments in writing Contracts which have been authorized by the Board of Directors or which, in the judgment of the chief executive officer, should be executed on behalf of HP 
 (d) To delegate the power to affix the signature of HP to Contracts to Other Officers of HP and 
 (e) To have such other powers and be subject to such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. 
 In case of the disability or death of the chief executive officer, the Board of Directors will meet promptly to confer the powers of the chief executive officer on another elected officer. Until the Board of Directors takes such action, the chief financial officer will exercise all the powers and perform all the duties of the chief executive officer. 
 5.5 Powers and Duties of Secretary . The powers and duties of the secretary are to affix the signature of HP to all Contracts, unless otherwise limited by the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, an officer to whom the secretary reports, or HP policy keep full and complete records of the proceedings of the Board of Directors and its committees and any meetings of the stockholders keep the seal of HP, and affix the same to all instruments which may require it have custody of and maintain HP s stockholder records and to exercise such other powers and perform such other duties as may from time to time be granted or assigned by the Board of Directors. Any action or duty required to be performed by the secretary may be performed by an assistant secretary, if one has been duly appointed. 
 5.6 Powers and Duties of Other Officers and Section 16 Officers . The powers and duties of the Other Officers appointed pursuant to Section 5.1 and Section 16 Officers appointed pursuant to Section 5.2 of these Bylaws are to affix the signature of HP to all Contracts, unless otherwise limited by the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, an officer to whom such Other Officer or Section 16 Officer reports, or HP policy and such other powers and duties as may be stated in these Bylaws, granted or prescribed by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer and as generally pertain to their offices. 
 21 

ARTICLE VI 
 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND OTHER AGENTS 
 6.1 Indemnification of Directors and Officers . HP will indemnify and hold harmless each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he or she or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative is or was a director or officer of HP (or any predecessor) or is or was serving at the request of HP (or any predecessor) as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (or any predecessor of any of such entities), including service with respect to employee benefit plans maintained or sponsored by HP (or any predecessor), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, to the fullest extent authorized by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, against all expenses, liabilities and losses (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith and such indemnification will continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and will inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators provided , however , that except as provided in the third paragraph of this Section 6.1, HP will indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors and provided further , that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, and except as required by Section 145(c)(1) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, no such person shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article VI unless such person has satisfied the applicable standards of conduct set forth in Section 145(a) or Section 145(b) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. The right to indemnification conferred in this Section 6.1 will be a contract right and, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of Section 6.4, will include the right to be paid by HP the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition. 
 To obtain indemnification under this Section 6.1, a claimant will submit to the secretary of HP a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the claimant and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the claimant is entitled to indemnification. Upon written request by a claimant for indemnification pursuant to the preceding sentence, a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to the claimant s entitlement thereto will be made as follows (i) if requested by the claimant, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined), or (ii) if no request is made by the claimant for a determination by Independent Counsel, (A) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of Disinterested Directors (as hereinafter defined), even though less than a quorum or (B) if there are no Disinterested Directors or if the Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board of Directors, a copy of which will be delivered to the claimant, or (C) by a majority vote of a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, or (D) if a majority of the Disinterested Directors so direct, by the stockholders of HP. In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel at the request of the claimant, the Board of Directors will select Independent Counsel unless there has occurred within two (2) years prior to the date of the commencement of the action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification is claimed a Change of Control (as hereinafter defined), in which case the claimant will select Independent Counsel unless the claimant requests that the Board of 
 22 

Directors makes such selection. If it is so determined that the claimant is entitled to indemnification, HP will pay within ten (10) days after such determination. 
 If HP does not pay in full a claim for indemnification under this Section 6.1 or for advancement of expenses pursuant to Section 6.4 within thirty (30) days after a written claim pursuant to the preceding paragraph of this Section 6.1 or Section 6.4, as applicable, has been received by HP, the claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against HP to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, if successful in whole or in part, the claimant will be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting such claim. It will be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking, if any is required, has been tendered to HP) that the claimant has not met the standard of conduct which makes it permissible under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware for HP to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden of proving such defense will be on HP. Neither the failure of HP (including its Board of Directors, Independent Counsel or stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, nor an actual determination by HP (including its Board of Directors, Independent Counsel or stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 
 If a determination is made pursuant to this Section 6.1 that the claimant is entitled to indemnification, HP will be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to the preceding paragraph of this Section 6.1. HP will be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to the third paragraph of this Section 6.1 that the procedures and presumptions of this Article VI are not valid, binding and enforceable and will stipulate in such proceeding that HP is bound by all the provisions of this Article VI. 
 6.2 Indemnification of Others . HP will have the power, to the maximum extent and in the manner permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, to indemnify each of its employees and agents (other than present and former directors and officers, who may be, for the avoidance of doubt, entitled to indemnification pursuant to Section 6.1 of this Article VI) against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred or suffered in connection with any proceeding, and to advance expenses incurred thereby in defending any proceeding (in advance of its final disposition), arising by reason of the fact that such person is or was an employee or agent of HP. For purposes of this Section 6.2, an employee or agent of HP (other than a director or officer) includes any person (i) who is or was an employee or agent of HP, (ii) who is or was serving at the request of HP as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or (iii) who was an employee or agent of a corporation which was a predecessor corporation of HP or of another enterprise at the request of such predecessor corporation. To obtain indemnification or advancement under this Section 6.2, a claimant will submit to the secretary of HP a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the claimant and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the claimant will be granted indemnification or advancement. 
 6.3 Insurance . HP may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of HP, or is or was serving at the request of HP as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not HP would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 23 

6.4 Expenses . HP will advance to any current or former director or officer of HP, or to any person who is or was serving at the request of HP (or any predecessor) as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (or any predecessor of any of such entities), and may advance to any employee or agent of HP (as defined in Section 6.2), prior to the final disposition of the proceeding, all expenses reasonably incurred by any such person in connection with defending such proceeding, upon receipt of a request therefor and an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay such amounts if it should be determined ultimately that such person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article VI or otherwise, such advances to be paid by HP within twenty (20) days after the receipt by HP of a statement or statements from the claimant requesting such advance or advances from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, HP will not be required to advance expenses in connection with any proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by any person unless the proceeding was authorized in advance by the Board of Directors of HP. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, HP will not advance or continue to advance expenses to any person (except by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director of HP in which event this paragraph will not apply) in any proceeding if a determination is reasonably and promptly made (i) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum (ii) if there are no Disinterested Directors or the Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion or (iii) by a majority vote of a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of Disinterested Directors, that the facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted (x) in bad faith or (y) in a manner that such person did not believe to be (A) in the best interest of HP or (B) not opposed to the best interests of HP. 
 6.5 Non-Exclusivity of Rights . The rights conferred on any person by this Article VI will not be exclusive of any other right which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or Disinterested Directors or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office. HP is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 6.6 Survival of Rights . The rights conferred on any person by this Article VI will continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or other agent and will inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 
 6.7 Amendments . Any repeal or modification of this Article VI will only be prospective and will not affect the rights under this Article VI in effect at the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that is the cause of any proceeding against any director, officer, employee or agent of HP. 
 6.8 Severability . If any provision or provisions of this Article VI will be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever (i) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Article VI containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (ii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph of this Article VI containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) will be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 24 

6.9 Notice . Any notice, request or other communication required or permitted to be given to HP under this Article VI will be in writing and either delivered in person or sent by confirmed telecopy, electronic mail, overnight mail or courier service, or certified or registered mail, postage or charges prepaid, return copy requested, to the secretary of HP and will be effective only upon receipt by the secretary. 
 6.10 Definitions . For the purpose of this Article VI, a Change of Control will mean 
 (a) the acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the 1934 Act (a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the 1934 Act) of twenty percent (20 or more of either (i) the then outstanding shares of common stock of HP (the Outstanding Corporation Common Stock or (ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of HP entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Corporation Voting Securities ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of this part (a), the following acquisitions will not constitute a Change of Control (i) any acquisition directly from HP or any acquisition from other stockholders where (A) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Board of Directors of HP, and (B) such acquisition would not constitute a Change of Control under the first sentence of part (a) of this definition, (ii) any acquisition by HP, (iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by HP or any corporation controlled by HP, or (iv) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of the second sentence of part (a) of this definition or 
 (b) individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board of Directors (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors provided , however , that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for election by the stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board will be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board of Directors or 
 (c) consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of HP (a Business Combination ), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, (i) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Corporation Common Stock and Outstanding HP Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of HP resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns HP or all or substantially all of HP s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding HP Common Stock and Outstanding HP Voting Securities, as the case may be, (ii) no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of HP or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, twenty percent (20 or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination, 
 25 

and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of HP resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination or 
 (d) approval by the stockholders of a complete liquidation or dissolution of HP 
 (e) For purposes of this Bylaw 
 Disinterested Director will mean a director of HP who is not and was not a party to the matter in respect of which indemnification is sought by the claimant. 
 Independent Counsel will mean a law firm, a member of a law firm, or an independent practitioner, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and will include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would not have a conflict of interest in representing either HP or the claimant in an action to determine the claimant s rights under this Article VI. 
 ARTICLE VII 
 RECORDS AND REPORTS 
 7.1 Maintenance and Inspection of Records . HP will, either at its principal executive office or at such place or places as designated by the Board of Directors or the secretary, keep a record of its stockholders listing their names and addresses and the number and class of shares held by each stockholder, a copy of these Bylaws as amended to date, accounting books and other records. 
 Any stockholder of record or beneficial owner of shares held either in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such person, in person or by attorney or other agent, will, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose HP s stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records and to make copies or extracts therefrom. In every instance where the stockholder is other than a record holder of stock in HP, the demand under oath will state the person s status as a stockholder, be accompanied by documentary evidence of beneficial ownership of the stock and state that such documentary evidence is a true and correct copy of what it purports to be. A proper purpose will mean a purpose reasonably related to such person s interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent is the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath will be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath will be directed to HP at its registered office in Delaware or to the secretary of HP at HP s principal place of business. For purposes of this Section 7.1, under oath will include statements the declarant affirms to be true under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States or any state thereof. 
 7.2 Inspection by Directors . Any director will have the right to examine HP s stock ledger, a list of its stockholders and its other books and records for a purpose reasonably related to his or her position as a director. The burden of proof will be upon HP to establish that the inspection such director seeks is for an improper purpose. The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with the exclusive jurisdiction to determine whether a director is entitled to the inspection sought. The Court may summarily order HP to permit the director to inspect any and all books and records, the stock ledger, and the stock list and to make copies or extracts therefrom. The Court may, in its discretion, prescribe any limitations or conditions with reference to the inspection, or award such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper. 
 26 

7.3 Representation of Shares of Other Corporations . The chief executive officer or any other officer of HP who serves on the board of directors of another entity at the request of or with the approval of HP or who is otherwise duly authorized may vote, represent, and exercise on behalf of HP all rights incident to any and all shares or other equity interest of any other entity or corporations standing in the name of HP provided , however , that the granting of any proxy in connection with an annual meeting of stockholders of any such entity that is not wholly owned, directly or indirectly, by HP will be subject to prior review by the secretary or assistant secretary of HP, and, provided further , that the granting of any proxy in connection with an annual meeting of stockholders of any entity in which an HP employee benefit plan is a stockholder will be determined by the Investment Review Committee of HP or its delegate. The authority herein granted may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by such person having the authority. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 GENERAL MATTERS 
 8.1 Record Date for Purposes Other Than Notice and Voting . For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which will not be more than sixty (60) days before any such action, and which record date will not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted. In that case, only stockholders of record at the close of business on the date so fixed are entitled to receive the dividend, distribution or allotment of rights, or to exercise such rights, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any shares on the books of HP after the record date so fixed, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, by these Bylaws, by agreement or by law. 
 If the Board of Directors does not so fix a record date, then the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose will be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the applicable resolution. 
 8.2 Checks Drafts Evidences of Indebtedness . From time to time, the Board of Directors or its delegate will determine by resolution which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness that are issued in the name of or payable to HP, and only the persons so authorized will sign or endorse those instruments. 
 8.3 Corporate Contracts and Instruments How Executed . The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of HP such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. 
 8.4 Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of HP will begin on the first day of November of each year and end on the last day of October of the following year. 
 8.5 Stock . There will be issued to each holder of fully paid shares of the capital stock of HP a certificate or certificates for such shares or such shares may be issued in uncertificated form in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Every holder of shares of HP that are represented by certificates will be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of HP by any two authorized officers of HP, including, without limitation, the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer and the secretary of HP, and any president, assistant treasurer, or assistant secretary of HP, representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, 
 27 

transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by HP with the same effect as if he or she were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 
 8.6 Special Designation . If HP is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights will be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that HP will issue to represent such class or series of stock or, in the case of uncertificated shares, will be included in each statement with respect to such shares that may be sent to the stockholder provided , however , that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of any certificate that HP has issued to represent such class or series of stock or, in the case of uncertificated shares, there may be included in each statement with respect to such shares that may be sent to the stockholder, a statement that HP will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights. 
 8.7 Lost Certificates . HP, directly or through its transfer or exchange agent, may issue a new share certificate or new certificate or uncertificated shares in place of a certificate for any other security in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and HP, directly or through its transfer or exchange agent, may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or the owner s legal representative to give HP a bond (or other adequate security) sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it (including any expense or liability) on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or the issuance of uncertificated shares to be issued in place of a certificate. The Board of Directors may adopt such other provisions and restrictions with reference to lost certificates, not inconsistent with applicable law, as appropriate. 
 8.8 Construction Definitions . Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware will govern the construction of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term person includes both a corporation and a natural person. 
 8.9 Provisions Contrary to Provisions of Law . Any article, section, subsection, subdivision, sentence, clause or phrase of these Bylaws which upon being construed in the manner provided in Section 8.8, is contrary to or inconsistent with any applicable provisions of law, will not apply so long as such provisions of law remain in effect, but such result will not affect the validity or applicability of any other portions of these Bylaws, it being hereby declared that these Bylaws would have been adopted and each article, section, subsection, subdivision, sentence, clause or phrase thereof, irrespective of the fact that any one or more articles, sections, subsections, subdivisions, sentences, clauses or phrases is or are illegal. 
 8.10 Notices . Except as otherwise provided in Section 232 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, any reference in these Bylaws to the time a notice is given or sent means, unless otherwise expressly provided, the time a written notice by mail is deposited in the United States mails, postage prepaid or the time any other written notice is personally delivered to the recipient or is delivered to a carrier for transmission, or actually transmitted by the person giving the notice by facsimile, electronic mail or other electronic means, to the recipient or the 
 28 

time any oral notice is communicated, in person or by telephone, to the recipient or to a person at the office of the recipient who the person giving the notice has reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the recipient. 
 8.11 Electronic Transmission . For purposes of these Bylaws, electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved, and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process. 
 8.12 Stockholder Rights Plan . HP will seek stockholder approval prior to its adoption of a Rights Plan, unless the Board of Directors, in the exercise of its fiduciary duties, determines that, under the circumstances existing at the time, it is in the best interests of the stockholders of HP to adopt or extend a Rights Plan without delay. If a Rights Plan is adopted or extended by the Board of Directors without prior stockholder approval, such plan must provide that it will expire unless ratified by the stockholders of HP within one year of adoption. For purposes of this bylaw, the term Rights Plan refers generally to any plan providing for the distribution of preferred stock, rights, warrants, options or debt instruments to the stockholders of HP, designed to assist the Board of Directors in responding to unsolicited takeover proposals and significant stock accumulations in a manner that facilitates the exercise of the Board of Directors fiduciary responsibilities to stockholders of HP by conferring certain rights on them upon the occurrence of a triggering event such as a tender offer or third party acquisition of a specified percentage of stock. 
 8.13 Forum for Adjudication of Disputes . Unless a majority of the Board of Directors, acting on behalf of HP, consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum (which consent may be given at any time, including during the pendency of litigation), the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of HP, (b) any action that is based upon a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of HP to HP or HP s stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against HP or any of its current or former directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws (in each case, as may be amended from time to time), (d) any action asserting a claim against HP or any of its current or former directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware, or (e) any other action asserting an internal corporate claim, as defined in Section 115 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another state court located within the State of Delaware or, if no court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over all indispensable parties named as defendants. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of this Section 8.13 is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce this Section 8.13 (an Enforcement Action and (y) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of HP shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section. 

29 

ARTICLE IX 
 
 AMENDMENTS 
 The Bylaws of HP may be adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote provided , however , that HP may, in its Certificate of Incorporation, confer the power to adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws upon the directors and, provided further , that any proposal by a stockholder to amend these Bylaws will be subject to the provisions of Article II and Article VI of these Bylaws except as otherwise provided by law. The fact that such power has been so conferred upon the directors will not divest the stockholders of the power, nor limit their power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, amendment or deletion of (or the adoption of any provision inconsistent with) all or any portion of Article II, Section 3.2, Section 3.3, Section 3.4, Section 6.1 and 6.4 of these Bylaws or this Article IX by the stockholders of HP will require the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon. 
 Amended and restated effective November 1, 2023. 
 30 

</EX-3.(E)>

<EX-4.(H)>
 3
 hp-103123xex4h.htm
 EX-4.(H)

Document 
 Exhibit 4(h) 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of our securities that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This description also summarizes relevant provisions of Delaware law. The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the applicable provisions of Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, copies of which are incorporated by reference or filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4(h) is a part. We encourage you to read our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and the applicable provisions of Delaware law for additional information. 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 9,600,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 300,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, in one or more series. 
 The holders of common stock as of the applicable record date are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders. Subject to preferences applicable to any outstanding preferred stock, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors out of funds legally available for distribution, and, in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of common stock are entitled to share in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities. The common stock has no preemptive or conversion rights and is not subject to further calls or assessments by us. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions available to the common stock. The common stock currently outstanding is validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 
 The transfer agent and registrar for the common stock is Equiniti Trust Company. 
 Our board of directors has the authority without stockholder consent, subject to certain limitations imposed by Delaware law or our bylaws, to issue one or more series of preferred stock at any time and to fix the rights, preferences and restrictions of the preferred stock of each series, including 
 the number of shares in that series 
 the dividend rate and whether dividends on that series of preferred stock will be cumulative, non-cumulative or partially cumulative 
 the voting rights, if any 
 conversion privileges, if any 
 whether that series will be redeemable 
 whether that series will have a sinking fund for the redemption or purchase of shares of that series 
 the liquidation preference per share of that series, if any and 
 any other relative rights, preferences and limitations. 
 As described above, our board of directors, without stockholder approval, may issue preferred stock with voting and conversion rights, which could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our common stock. If we issue preferred stock, it may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control. 
 1 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 
 (a) prior to such time, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 (b) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding those shares owned 
 by persons who are directors and also officers and 
 by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 (c) at or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 In general, Section 203 defines business combination to include 
 (1) any merger or consolidation involving (i) the corporation or a direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation and (ii) the interested stockholder or any other corporation, partnership or entity if the merger or consolidation is caused by the interested stockholder and as a result of such merger or consolidation any of (a), (b) or (c) above is not applicable to the surviving entity 
 (2) any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets or outstanding stock of the corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation to or with the interested stockholder 
 (3) subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation of any stock of the corporation or such subsidiary to the interested stockholder 
 (4) any transaction involving the corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series, or securities convertible into the stock of any class or series, of the corporation or any such subsidiary which is beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or 
 (5) the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit, directly or indirectly, of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation. 
 In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any person who or which beneficially owns 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation or any person affiliated or associated with or controlling or controlled by the corporation that was the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any time within the three-year period immediately prior to the date of determination if such person is an interested stockholder, and the affiliates and associates of such person. 
 2 

The existence of this provision would be expected to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by our board of directors, including discouraging takeover attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of common stock held by stockholders. 

3 

</EX-4.(H)>

<EX-21>
 4
 hp10-31x23ex21subsidiaries.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 Subsidiaries of HP Inc. 
 
 The registrant s subsidiaries and affiliates as of October 31, 2023 are included in the list below. 
 
 Name Jurisdiction HP Inc Argentina S.R.L. Argentina Polycom Telecomunicacoes do Brasil Ltda. - Argentina Branch Argentina HP PPS Australia Pty Ltd Australia Polycom Australia Pty Ltd Australia Tower Software Engineering Pty Ltd Australia HP Austria GmbH Austria HP Belgium BV Belgium Plantronics Belgium, branch of Plantronics B.V. Belgium HP Onyx Holding L.P. Bermuda HP Brasil Ind stria e Com rcio de Equipamentos Eletr nicos Ltda Brazil HP Brasil Ind stria e Com rcio de Equipamentos Eletr nicos Ltda. - Branch 01 (Tambor Brazil HP Brasil Ind stria e Com rcio de Equipamentos Eletr nicos Ltda. - Branch 2 (Sorocaba) Brazil HP Brasil Ind stria e Com rcio de Equipamentos Eletr nicos Ltda. - Branch 3 (Porto Alegre) Brazil HP Brasil Ind stria e Com rcio de Equipamentos Eletr nicos Ltda. - Branch 4 (Itapo Brazil Polycom Telecomunicacoes do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Simpress Com rcio, Loca o e Servi os Ltda Brazil AOME Holdings Ltd. British Virgin Islands HP Inc Bulgaria EOOD Bulgaria PrinterOn America Corporation California, United States HP Canada Licensing L.P. Canada Plantronics B.V. (Canada Branch) Canada Plantronics Canada Inc. Canada Compaq Cayman Holdings Company Cayman Islands Compaq Cayman Holdings General Partnership II Cayman Islands Hewlett-Packard West Indies Limited Cayman Islands Plantronics International Ltd. Cayman Islands Comercializadora Plantronics Chile Limitada Chile HP Inc Chile Comercial Limitada Chile China HP Co., Ltd Hangzhou Branch China China HP Co., Ltd. China China HP Co., Ltd. Chengdu Branch China China HP Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Branch China China HP Co., Ltd. Nanjing Branch China China HP Co., Ltd. Shanghai Branch China China HP co., Ltd Suzhou Branch China China HP Co., Ltd., Jiangan Branch China China HP Co., Ltd Jinan Branch China China HP Co., Ltd Shenyang Branch China China HP Co., Ltd Shenzhen Branch China China HP Co., Ltd Xian Branch China 

Name Jurisdiction HP (Chongqing) Co., Ltd China HP (Chongqing) Manufacturing, Export, Procurement and Settlement Co., Ltd China HP Information Technology R&D (Shanghai) Co., Ltd China HP Information Technology R&D (Shanghai) Co., Ltd Beijing Branch China HP Information Technology R&D (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Suzhou Branch China HP Supply Chain Management (Shandong) Co., Ltd. China HP Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd China HP Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China HP Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Dalian Branch China HP Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Zhangjiang Branch China HP Trading Kunshan Co., Ltd. China Plantronics BV representative office in Shenzhen China Plantronics Trading (Suzhou) Co., Ltd China Plantronics Trading (Suzhou) Co., Ltd-Shenzhen Branch China Polycom Communication Solutions (Beijing) Co. Ltd. China Polycom Communication Solutions (Beijing) Co., Ltd., - Shanghai Branch China Polycom Communication Solutions (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Branch China Polycom Communication Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. - Suzhou Branch China Polycom Communications Solution (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Chengdu Branch China Polycom Communications Technology (Beijing) Co. Ltd. China HP Colombia SAS Colombia Plantronics BV Sucursal Colombia Colombia HP Inc Costa Rica Limitada Costa Rica HP PPS Costa Rica Limitada Costa Rica HP Computing and Printing d.o.o. (Zagreb) Croatia HP Inc Czech Republic s.r.o. Czech Republic Compaq Information Technologies, LLC Delaware, United States Hewlett-Packard Company Archives LLC (50 owned) Delaware, United States Hewlett-Packard Enterprises, LLC Delaware, United States Hewlett-Packard World Trade, LLC Delaware, United States HP Health Solutions Inc. Delaware, United States HP Hewlett Packard Group LLC (50 owned) Delaware, United States HP Jade Holding LLC Delaware, United States HP Licensing Holding LLC Delaware, United States HP R&D Holding LLC Delaware, United States HP Technology Holdings LLC Delaware, United States HP US Digital LLC Delaware, United States HP USA Manufacturing LLC Delaware, United States HPI Bermuda Holdings LLC Delaware, United States HPI Brazil Holdings LLC Delaware, United States HPI Federal LLC Delaware, United States HPI J1 Holdings LLC Delaware, United States HPQ Holdings, LLC Delaware, United States Indigo America, Inc. Delaware, United States 

Name Jurisdiction Peridot Print LLC Delaware, United States PictureTel LLC Delaware, United States Plantronics, Inc. Delaware, United States Polycom International Corporation Delaware, United States Polycom, LLC Delaware, United States HP Inc Danmark ApS Denmark Polycom (Copenhagen) Aps Denmark Apogee Corporation Limited England & Wales Apogee Europe Limited England & Wales Apogee Group Limited England & Wales Apogee Managed Services International Limited England & Wales Apogee Rentals Limited England & Wales Balreed Digitec (Group) Limited England & Wales Balreed Digitec (North) Limited England & Wales Balreed Digitec (SE) Limited England & Wales Balreed Digitec (UK) Limited England & Wales Bromium UK Limited England & Wales Choose Water Limited England & Wales City Docs Limited England & Wales City Docs Solutions Limited England & Wales Datatron Document Image Archiving Limited England & Wales Digipro Limited England & Wales Direct-Tec Group Limited England & Wales Direct-Tec UK Limited England & Wales F. Smith & Co (Office Equipment) Limited England & Wales HP Inc UK Limited England & Wales HP UK Development Limited England & Wales Manzana Bidco Limited England & Wales Office Perfection Limited England & Wales Perigee Holdco UK Limited England & Wales Perigee Midco UK Limited England & Wales Plantronics Limited England & Wales Printware Limited England & Wales The Danwood Group Limited England & Wales Xact Document Solutions Limited England & Wales Xera-Logic Group Limited England & Wales HP Finland Oy Finland Plantronics BV, Suomen Sivuliike Finland Apogee France Holdings SAS France Apogee France SAS France Apogee International France HP France Holding SAS France HP France SAS France Plantronics B.V., Succursale Francaise France 

Name Jurisdiction Polycom (France), S.A.R.L. France Apogee Deutschland GmbH Germany Apogee Germany Holding UG Germany HP Deutschland GmbH Germany HP Health Solutions Germany GmbH Germany Plantronics Services GmbH Germany HP (HP Printing and Personal Systems Hellas EPE) Greece HP Inc AP Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong HP Inc Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Polycom Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong HP Inc Magyarorsz g Kft. Hungary HP Computing and Printing Systems India Private Limited India HP India Sales Private Limited India HP PPS India Operations Private Limited India HP PPS Services India Private Limited India Polycom Technology (R&D) Center Private Ltd India Plantronics BV - Indonesia Rep Office Indonesia PT Hewlett-Packard Indonesia Indonesia Apogee Corporation (Ireland) Limited Ireland Hewlett-Packard Ireland (Holdings) Ltd. Ireland Hewlett-Packard Ireland 1, Limited Ireland HP Print Services Ireland Limited Ireland HP Production Company Limited Ireland HP Technology Ireland Limited Ireland Poly Communications International Unlimited Company Ireland Argon Business Systems Limited Isle of Man Argon Office Systems Limited Isle of Man HP Indigo Ltd Israel HP Israel Ltd Israel HP Scitex Ltd Israel HP Technology Israel Ltd Israel Polycom Israel Ltd Israel Polycom WebOffice Israel Ltd. Israel HP Italy S.r.l. Italy Polycom (Italy) S.r.l Italy Hewlett-Packard G.K. Japan HP Japan Holdings Nin-I Kumiai Japan HP Japan Inc. Japan Nihon HP Nin-I Kumiai Japan Polycom Japan K.K. Japan Albacore Holdings Jersey Ltd Jersey Apogee Corporation (Jersey) Limited Jersey Manzana Holdings Limited Jersey HP Global Trading B.V., Kazakhstan Branch Kazakhstan 

Name Jurisdiction HP Korea Inc. Korea (the Republic of) HP Printing Korea Co., Ltd. Korea (the Republic of) Poly Korea Limited Korea (the Republic of) HP Luxembourg S.C.A. Luxembourg HP Malaysia Manufacturing Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia HP PPS Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia HP PPS Sales Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Polycom Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd - Malaysia Branch Malaysia Plantronics Europe Limited Malta Computing and Printing Global Services Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Computing and Printing Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Plamex, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Polycom S de RL de CV Mexico HP PPS Maroc Morocco Alpha Holding One B.V. Netherlands Alpha Holding Two B.V. Netherlands Anatolus Holding B.V. Netherlands Arnon Holding B.V. Netherlands Bamberga Holding B.V. Netherlands Eunomia Holding B.V. Netherlands Flame Holding B.V. Netherlands Hewlett-Packard (Japan NK) Holdings C.V. Netherlands Hewlett-Packard Copenhagen B.V. Netherlands Hewlett-Packard Global Holdings B.V. Netherlands Hewlett-Packard Global Investments B.V. Netherlands Hewlett-Packard Japan Holding B.V. Netherlands Hewlett-Packard Lisbon B.V. Netherlands Hewlett-Packard Sunnyvale B.V. Netherlands HP China Holding B.V. Netherlands HP Europe B.V. Netherlands HP Global Trading B.V. Netherlands HP Indigo B.V. Netherlands HP International Trading B.V. Netherlands HP Nederland B.V. Netherlands Iseo Holding B.V. Netherlands Kale Holding B.V. Netherlands Lyra Holding B.V. Netherlands Perseus Holding B.V. Netherlands Plantronics B.V. Netherlands Regor Holding B.V. Netherlands HP New Zealand New Zealand Polycom Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. (New Zealand Branch) New Zealand HP Computing and Printing Nigeria Ltd Nigeria HP Norge AS Norway 

Name Jurisdiction Plantronics Norway Norway HP Canada Co. HP Canada Cie Nova Scotia HP Canada Development Co. Nova Scotia HP Pakistan (Private) Limited Pakistan HP Panama Sales and Distribution, S. de R.L. Panama HP Inc Peru S.R.L. Peru HP PPS Philippines Inc. Philippines Plantronics BV - Philippines Rep Office Philippines HP Inc Polska sp. z o.o. Poland Polycom Poland Sp.z.o.o. Poland HPCP Computing and Printing Portugal, Unipessoal, Lda. Portugal HP International Trading B.V. (Puerto Rico Branch), LLC Puerto Rico HP Puerto Rico LLC Puerto Rico Kale Holding B.V. (Puerto Rico Branch) LLC Puerto Rico Hewlett-Packard KSA Ltd., Qatar Branch Qatar HP Inc Romania SRL Romania Limited Liability Company HP Inc Russian Federation Plantronics Russia LLC Russian Federation Polycom (Russia) LLC Russian Federation HP KSA Ltd. Saudi Arabia HP Middle East and North Africa RHQ (Single Shareholder LLC) Saudi Arabia Polycom Saudi Limited Saudi Arabia HP Computing and Printing d.o.o. (Beograd) Serbia HP International Pte. Ltd. Singapore HP PPS Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. Singapore HP PPS Singapore (Sales) Pte. Ltd. Singapore HP R&D Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore HP Singapore (Private) Limited Singapore HP Singapore Services Pte. Ltd. Singapore Peridot Print Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Polycom Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. Singapore Polycom Global (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore HP Inc Slovakia, s.r.o. Slovakia HP South Africa Proprietary Limited South Africa HP South Africa Trust South Africa Plantronics South Africa, Branch of Plantronics B.V. South Africa HP Health Solutions Spain, Sociedad Limitada Spain HP Printing and Computing Solutions, S.L.U. Spain HP Solutions Creation and Development Services S.L.U. Spain Peridot Print Spain S.L. Spain Polycom Solutions (Spain) SL Spain HP PPS Sverige AB Sweden Plantronics Sweden, filial of Plantronics B.V., the Netherlands Sweden HP Europe BV, Amsterdam, Meyrin Branch Switzerland 

Name Jurisdiction HP International S rl Switzerland HP Schweiz GmbH Switzerland HP Suisse Services Sarl Switzerland HP International Pte. Ltd. Hsinchu Branch Taiwan HP International Pte. Ltd., Taiwan Branch Taiwan HP Taiwan Information Technology Ltd. Taiwan Polycom Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd, Taiwan Branch Taiwan Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P. Texas, United States HP Inc (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand Polycom Global Limited Thailand HP Inc Tunisie SARL Tunisia HP Bilgisayar ve Bask Teknolojileri Limited irketi Turkey Polycom Unified Iletisim Sanayi ve Ticaret Limited Sirketi Turkey HP Computing and Printing Middle East FZ-LLC United Arab Emirates HP Europe B.V. - Abu Dhabi Branch United Arab Emirates HP Europe B.V. Regional Dubai Branch United Arab Emirates HP Inc Gulf United Arab Emirates Polycom (Mena) FZ-LLC United Arab Emirates PictureTel Venezuela S.A. Venezuela Tall Tree Insurance Company Vermont, United States HP Technology Vietnam Company Ltd Vietnam HP Technology Vietnam Company Ltd (Hanoi Branch) Vietnam 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 hp10-31x23exhibit2310k.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-124281) pertaining to the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-114253) pertaining to the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-124282) pertaining to the 2005 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 002-92331) pertaining to the Hewlett-Packard Company 401(k) Plan, 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 033-31496) pertaining to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan and Service Anniversary Stock Plan, 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-142175) pertaining to the PolyServe, Inc. 2000 Stock Plan, 
 (7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-153302) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2003 Incentive Plan of Electronic Data Systems Corporation and the 1997 Nonqualified Stock Option Plan of Electronic Data Systems Corporation, 
 (8) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-166270) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Hewlett-Packard Company 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, 
 (9) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-168101) pertaining to the Palm, Inc. 2009 Stock Plan, as amended, and the Amended and Restated Palm, Inc. 1999 Stock Plan, 
 (10) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-169854) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 3PAR Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, the 3PARDATA, Inc. 2000 Management Stock Option Plan, as amended, and the 3PARDATA, Inc. 1999 Stock Plan, as amended, 
 (11) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-188108) pertaining to the Second Amended and Restated Hewlett-Packard Company 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, 
 (12) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-251265) pertaining to the HP Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 
 (13) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-251266) pertaining to the HP Inc. 401(k) Plan, 
 (14) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-267151) pertaining to the Third Amended and Restated HP Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan and the Plantronics, Inc. 2003 Stock Plan, as amended, 
 (15) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-235474) pertaining to 5,000,000,000 of debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares and warrants, and 
 (16) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-268692) pertaining to 3,000,000,000 of debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares and warrants 
 
 of HP Inc. of our reports dated December 15, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of HP Inc. and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of HP Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of HP Inc. for the year ended October 31, 2023. 

s ERNST & YOUNG LLP 
 
 San Jose, California 
 December 15, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 hp-103123xex31110k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Enrique Lores, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HP Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date December 15, 2023 
 s Enrique Lores Enrique Lores 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 hp-103123xex31210k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Marie Myers, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HP Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date December 15, 2023 
 s Marie Myers Marie Myers 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 hp-103123xex3210k.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 OF 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 AND 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Enrique Lores, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of HP Inc. for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of HP Inc. 
 
 December 15, 2023 
 s ENRIQUE LORES Enrique Lores 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

I, Marie Myers, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of HP Inc. for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of HP Inc. 
 
 December 15, 2023 
 s MARIE MYERS Marie Myers 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-97>
 9
 hpincmandatorycoveredcompe.htm
 EX-97

Document 
 Exhibit 97 

HP INC. MANDATORY COVERED COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 
 The HR and Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of HP Inc. (the Company believes it is appropriate to adopt this HP Inc. Mandatory Covered Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy and adopts this Policy to be effective as of the Effective Date. 
 Section 1. Definitions 
 For purposes of this Policy, the following definitions shall apply 
 a) Administrator means the Committee. 
 b) Authorized Officer means the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief People Officer, or Corporate Secretary. 
 c) Company Group means the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, as applicable. 
 d) Covered Compensation means any Incentive-Based Compensation granted, vested or paid to a person who was an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for the Incentive-Based Compensation and that was Received (i) on or after the effective date of the applicable NYSE listing standards, (ii) after the person became an Executive Officer and (iii) at a time that the Company had a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association. 
 e) Effective Date means October 2, 2023. 
 f) Erroneously Awarded Compensation means the amount of Covered Compensation granted, vested or paid to a person during the fiscal period when the applicable Financial Reporting Measure relating to such Covered Compensation was attained that exceeds the amount of Covered Compensation that otherwise would have been granted, vested or paid to the person had such amount been determined based on the applicable Restatement, computed without regard to any taxes paid (i.e., on a pre-tax basis). For Covered Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in a Restatement, the Administrator will determine the amount of such Covered Compensation that constitutes Erroneously Awarded Compensation, if any, based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Covered Compensation was granted, vested or paid and the Administrator or its authorized delegate shall maintain documentation of such determination and provide such documentation to the NYSE. 
 g) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 h) Executive Officer means any current or former officer of the Company as defined under Rule 16a-1(f) under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, which shall be deemed to include any individuals identified by the Company as executive officers pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 
 i) Financial Reporting Measure means (i) any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures derived wholly or in part from such measures and may consist of GAAP or non-GAAP financial measures (as defined under Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act), (ii) stock price or (iii) total 
 1 

shareholder return. Financial Reporting Measures may or may not be filed with the SEC and may be presented outside the Company s financial statements. 
 j) Home Country means the Company s jurisdiction of incorporation. 
 k) Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 l) Lookback Period means the three completed fiscal years (plus any transition period of less than nine months that is within or immediately following the three completed fiscal years and that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare a Restatement for a given reporting period, with such date being the earlier of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement. Recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy is not dependent on if or when the Restatement is actually filed. 
 m) NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange. 
 n) Received Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed Received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in or otherwise relating to the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if the grant, vesting or payment of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 o) Restatement means a required accounting restatement of any Company financial statement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including (i) to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements (commonly referred to as a Big R restatement) or (ii) to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is not material to the previously issued financial statements but that would result in a material misstatement if the error was corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (commonly referred to as a little r restatement). Changes to the Company s financial statements that do not represent error corrections under the then-current relevant accounting standards will not constitute Restatements. 
 p) SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 q) Subsidiary means any domestic or foreign corporation, partnership, association, joint stock company, joint venture, trust or unincorporated organization affiliated with the Company, that is, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controlling , controlled by or under common control with , the Company. Control for this purpose means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, contract or otherwise. 
 Section 2. Recoupment and Forfeiture of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 
 In the event of a Restatement, any Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received during the Lookback Period prior to the Restatement (a) that is then-outstanding but has not yet been paid shall be automatically and immediately forfeited and (b) that has been paid to any person shall be subject to reasonably prompt repayment to the applicable member of the Company Group in accordance with Section 3 of this Policy. The Administrator must pursue (and shall not have the discretion to waive) the 
 2 

forfeiture and or repayment of such Erroneously Awarded Compensation in accordance with Section 3 of this Policy, except as provided below. For the avoidance of doubt, recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy is not dependent on fraud or misconduct by any person in connection with the Restatement. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator (or, if at any time the Administrator is not a committee of the Board responsible for the Company s executive compensation decisions and composed entirely of independent directors, a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board) may determine not to pursue the forfeiture and or recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation from any person if the Administrator determines that such forfeiture and or recovery would be impracticable due to any of the following circumstances (i) the direct expense paid to a third party (for example, reasonable legal expenses and consulting fees) to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered (following reasonable attempts by one or more members of the Company Group to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, the documentation of such attempts, and the provision of such documentation to the NYSE), (ii) pursuing such recovery would violate the Company s Home Country laws adopted prior to November 28, 2022 (provided that the Company obtains an opinion of Home Country counsel acceptable to the NYSE that recovery would result in such a violation and provides such opinion to the NYSE), or (iii) recovery would likely cause any otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 
 In no event shall any member of the Company Group be required to award any person an additional payment if any Restatement would result in a higher incentive compensation payment. 
 Section 3. Means of Repayment 
 In the event that the Administrator determines that any person shall repay any Erroneously Awarded Compensation, the Administrator or its authorized delegate shall provide written notice to such person by email or certified mail to the physical address on file with the Company Group for such person, and the person shall satisfy such repayment in a manner and on such terms as required by the Administrator. Any member of the Company Group shall be entitled to set off the repayment amount against any amount owed to the person by the applicable member of the Company Group, to require the forfeiture of any award granted by any member of the Company Group to the person, or to take any and all necessary actions to reasonably promptly recoup the repayment amount from the person, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, including without limitation, Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and guidance thereunder. If the written notice described above does not specify a repayment timing, the applicable person shall be required to repay the Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company by wire, cash or cashier s check no later than thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice. 
 Section 4. No Indemnification 
 Notwithstanding anything in Section 6 of this Policy to the contrary, no person shall be indemnified, insured or reimbursed by any member of the Company Group in respect of any loss of compensation by such person in accordance with this Policy, nor shall any person receive any advancement of expenses for disputes related to any loss of compensation by such person in accordance with this Policy, and no person shall be paid or reimbursed by any member of the Company Group for any premiums paid by such person for any third-party insurance policy covering potential recovery obligations under this Policy. For this purpose, indemnification includes any modification to current compensation arrangements or other means that would amount to de facto indemnification (for example, providing the person a new cash award which would be cancelled to effect the recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation). 
 3 

Section 5. Miscellaneous 
 This Policy will be administered and interpreted by the Administrator. The Administrator may delegate authority to one or more Authorized Officers to interpret this Policy and to perform certain ministerial acts contemplated by this Policy. To the extent the Committee delegates authority to one or more Authorized Officers, Administrator shall be deemed to mean the Authorized Officers or any of the Authorized Officers delegates. 
 Any determination by the Administrator with respect to this Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all interested parties. Any discretionary determinations of the Administrator under this Policy, if any, need not be uniform with respect to all persons, and may be made selectively amongst persons, whether or not such persons are similarly situated. 
 This Policy is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as it may be amended from time to time, and any related rules or regulations promulgated by the SEC or the NYSE, including any additional or new requirements that become effective after the Effective Date which upon effectiveness shall be deemed to automatically amend this Policy to the extent necessary to comply with such additional or new requirements. 
 The provisions in this Policy are intended to be applied to the fullest extent of the law. To the extent that any provision of this Policy is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such provision will be applied to the maximum extent permitted and shall automatically be deemed amended in a manner consistent with its objectives to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Policy shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Policy. Recoupment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy is not dependent upon the Company Group satisfying any conditions in this Policy, including any requirements to provide applicable documentation to the NYSE. 
 The rights of the members of the Company Group under this Policy to seek forfeiture or reimbursement are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any rights of recoupment, or remedies or rights other than recoupment, that may be available to any member of the Company Group pursuant to the terms of any law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement or any other policy, code of conduct, employee handbook, employment agreement, offer letter, equity award agreement, or other plan or agreement of any member of the Company Group, including, without limitation, the HP Inc. Applicable Compensation Clawback Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 Section 6. Arbitration 
 Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Policy shall be subject to any Executive Agreement to Arbitrate Claims by and between a given Executive Officer and any member of the Company Group. 
 Section 7. Amendment and Termination 
 To the extent permitted by, and in a manner consistent with applicable law, including SEC and NYSE rules, the Administrator may terminate, suspend or amend this Policy at any time in its discretion. 
 Section 8. Successors 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all persons and their respective beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives with respect to any Covered Compensation granted, vested or paid to or administered by such persons or entities. 
 4 

HP INC. 
 MANDATORY COVERED COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 
 ACKNOWLEDGMENT, CONSENT AND AGREEMENT 
 I acknowledge that I have received and reviewed a copy of the HP Inc. Mandatory Covered Compensation Recovery Policy (as may be amended from time to time, the Policy and I have been given an opportunity to ask questions about the Policy and review it with my counsel. I knowingly, voluntarily and irrevocably consent to and agree to be bound by and subject to the Policy s terms and conditions, including that I will return any Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is required to be repaid in accordance with the Policy. I further acknowledge, understand and agree that (i) the compensation that I receive, have received or may become entitled to receive from the Company Group is subject to the Policy, and the Policy may affect such compensation and (ii) I have no right to indemnification, insurance payments or other reimbursement by or from any member of the Company Group for any compensation that is subject to recoupment and or forfeiture under the Policy. Capitalized terms not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Policy. 
 
 Signed _________________________________________ 
 Print Name _________________________________________ 
 Date _________________________________________ 

HP Private & Confidential 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 hpq-20231031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 hpq-20231031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 hpq-20231031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 hpq-20231031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 hpq-20231031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

