<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231020_10-K_edgar_data_1443089_0001683168-23-007319.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5641894</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>248882</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1188546</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1446232</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1187121</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1435190</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-007319.hdr.sgml : 20231020
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231020162854
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-007319
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231020
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231020

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WEARABLE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001443089
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT, NEC [3669]
		IRS NUMBER:				261280759
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56368
		FILM NUMBER:		231337416

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2901 PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92663
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-270-7460

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2901 PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92663

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081003

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MEDICAL ALARM CONCEPTS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080815

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-007319.txt : 20231020

10-K
 1
 wearable_i10k-063023.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2023 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (Commission 
 File Number) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 . 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, Zip Code
 Telephone Number) 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 None. 

Securities registered
pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common Stock, Par Value
 0.0001 per share 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act 

 Yes

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the
Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to
submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark
if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large Accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 
 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth
company indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None. 
 
 N/A 
 
 None. 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State the aggregate
market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common
equity was sold, or the average bid and asked prices of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed fiscal quarter on June 30,
2023. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of
each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. The number of shares outstanding of the
registrant s only class of common stock, as of October 20, 2023, was shares
of its 0.0001 par value common stock. 

Documents incorporated by reference: None 

Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 
 
 Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 1 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 32 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 37 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 44 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 45 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 72 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 72 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 73 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 75 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 78 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 80 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 82 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 84 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 85 

Signatures 
 86 

2 

Part I 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
INFORMATION 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements are not historical
facts but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections. We may use words such as anticipate, expect, 
 intend, plan, believe, foresee, estimate and variations of these
words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are
subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 

The availability and adequacy of our cash flow to meet our requirements; 

Economic, competitive, demographic, business and other conditions in our local and regional markets; 

Changes or developments in laws, regulations or taxes in our industry; 

Actions taken or omitted to be taken by third parties including our suppliers and competitors, as well as legislative, regulatory, judicial and other governmental authorities; 

Competition in our industry; 

The loss of or failure to obtain any license or permit necessary or desirable in the operation of our business; 

Changes in our business strategy, capital improvements or development plans; 

The availability of additional capital to support capital improvements and development; and 

Other risks identified in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the SEC. 

This report should be read completely and with
the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. The forward-looking statements included
in this report are made as of the date of this report and should be evaluated with consideration of any changes occurring after the date
of this Report. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change in the future and we assume no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

3 

Use of Term 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context,
references in this report to Company , Wearable Health , WHSI, we ,
 us and our are references to Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. All references to USD or
United States Dollars refer to the legal currency of the United States of America. 

Item 1. Business 

Description of the Business 

The following description of our business contains
forward-looking statements relating to future events or our future financial or operating performance that involve risks and uncertainties,
as set forth above under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results could differ materially from
those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors described in this Annual Report, including those
set forth above in the Special Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements or under the heading Risk Factors or
elsewhere. 

Business Overview 

Wearable Health Solutions 

Wearable Health Solutions Inc. (the Company) was
incorporated as Medical Alarm Concepts Holding, Inc. on June 4, 2008, under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company was formed for
the sole purpose of acquiring all of the membership units of Medical Alarm Concepts LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company Medical
LLC ). On May 26, 2016, the Company filed an Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State
of Nevada to change its name from Medical Alarm Concepts, Inc. to Wearable Health Solutions Inc. 

Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. provides mobile
health (mHealth) products and services to approximately 200 dealers and distributors throughout the globe (mostly Canada, United States
and New Zealand). As a provider of personal emergency response devices, in the rapidly growing medical alarm device and eHealth sector,
we provide innovative wearable healthcare products, tracking services, and turn-key solutions that enable our users to be proactive with
their health, as well as safe and protected. According to the QYResearch report on Global PERS devices, MediPendant was the 17 th largest
global PERS company based on revenues in 2021 QYResearch Global PERs Devices Market Report, History and Forecast 2016-2027 ).
Our products and services are always state-of-the-art and cost effective. Through our culture, our drive, and the expertise of each individual
employee, we are uniquely positioned to build shareholder value by setting the highest standards in service, reliability, and safety in
our rapidly growing industry. 

Our flagship products are the iHelp devices,
MediPendant, the iHelp+ 3G , iHelp Mini 4G and the next generation 4G iHelp MAX - personal emergency alarms that
are used to summon help in the event of an emergency at home. As of 2021, approximately 60 of all medical alarms being sold globally,
by sales revenue (or approx. 57 of volume by type), are either Landline type or Standalone type technologies that require the user to
speak and listen through a central base station unit, according to the QYResearch report on PERS QYResearch Global PERs Devices
Market Report, History and Forecast 2016-2027 ). The MediPendant , however, offers a product that, is always connected through
a landline, and has the speaker in the pendant, enabling the user to simply speak and listen directly through the pendant in the event
of an emergency. 

The
Company s revenue decline over the last years because of shut down of the 3G network in the US resulting in the
deactivation of devices and the company experienced lack of product delivery due to shutdowns China with the corona virus whereas it
experienced supply chain issues resulting in a decrease in revenue. Overseas factory delivery normalization now may
result in the return of previous revenue streams and profitability. 

The Company has not yet established an ongoing
source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs for the next fiscal year and allow it to continue as a going concern. The ability
of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it
becomes profitable. As of June 30, 2023, the Company has a net loss of 2,388,467, and if the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital,
it could be forced to cease operations. 

4 

During the twelve months ended June 30, 2023,
Company has net cash used in operating activities of (1,279,472) as well as stock compensation non-cash expenses of 294,361 and a net
loss of 2,388,467. The Company raised 1,354,560 from financing activities, net of repayments, in the twelve months ended June 30, 2023,
which resulted in a negative working capital of (3,379,991) as of June 30, 2023. If the Company is unable to raise additional adequate
capital, it could be forced to cease operations. 

On August 2, 2021, the Company entered into an
agreement with Voice of Things, Inc., in order to embed voice control into the devices. This agreement will provide the Company with cloud-to-cloud
integration between Voice of Things, Inc. and iHelp without requiring any device-level touchpoints. The voice activation feature will
be implemented at an estimated cost of 36,000 and has an approximate integration timeframe of two months, excluding certification time.
This solution will also our products to integrate and function with Alexa/Google smart speakers and their respective apps. The voice control
software has been completed as of February, 2022; however, the Company is currently in the design phase of the medical alert device that
the software will be implemented in. The production of that medical device was supposed to be completed in early 2022, however, due to
factory shutdown, supply chain issues as well as some minor changes to the medical alert device, we now expect the device to be completed
in the third quarter of 2022. 

On August 11, 2021, the Company entered into an
Asset Purchase and Advisory Services Agreement Agreement with Anthony Chetta, owner of mHealth, whereby the Company acquired
100 ownership stake of mHealth.com, the user portal used by the subsidiary customers, all code and related operations, the domain name,
and logos, data, storage and online operations for 50,000. The Company chose to forego the independent valuation of the asset. The Company
also retained Mr. Chetta as the Chief Technology Advisor, by issuing 1,000,000 restricted shares as a stock signing bonus, valued at 10,500
or 0.0105 per share, issued on September 30, 2021, 8,000 per month service agreement, and 1,000,000 shares of common stock every 6 months
for a 30 month period, valued at 52,500 or 0.0105 per share. By acquiring mHealth the Company now owns its backend portal system which
integrates and controls how our dealers interact with our customers, invoicing, and device functionality, which should allow the Company
to better control and improve on the services it provides. 

All of our products are used in conjunction with
our proprietary management and operation platform. The platform is a cloud-hosted service consisting of methods and automation tasks
for accepting data transmission from personal safety and medical devices PS/M and storing, reformatting, and retransmitting
this data to subscribers, monitoring centers, healthcare providers, front-end portal/user interfaces, and API controllers. 

The front-end portal interface provides a friendly,
intuitive, and seamless management and monitoring platform for all of the below listed integrations, coupled with PS/M device fulfillment,
tracking, controlling, and remote reprogramming, along with portal user administration and role/privilege assignment, internal activity/audit
trails, ordering and invoicing, support portal integration, and any other customizations needed based on solution requirements. 

Back-end automation and integration with third-party
providers and services include: 

SMS, email, and smartphone messaging app push notifications for PS/M event/activity/location alerts and subscriber communication with PS/M devices (with locale specific SMS numbers where available) 

Programmatic voice dialing and routing (with locale specific voice numbers where available) 

Integration with SIM card providers for management (activation, suspension, and usage monitoring) of airtime 

Flexible signal relay and reformatting for alarm, activity and health event data to central stations and healthcare providers based on unique communication and transmission protocol, whether via API calls or data transmission to TCP/IP or other types of receivers 

Integration with customer CRM for account details and user activity 

Integration with billing systems for device/equipment ordering and recurring billing 

API endpoints can be exposed for data access and controlling feature-sets in third party environments 

5 

The iHelp MAX device, will operate on 4G
Networks, is anticipated along with our platform to be able to plug into multiple devices to enable remote monitoring and data collection
of essential vital signs in real-time with historical data via Bluetooth, NFC, and Wi-Fi technology, thereby making our devices telehealth
ready. WHSI is considering several wearable technology vendors to produce and implement body-mounted sensors, such as smart watches, heart
monitors, blood pressure sensors that can monitor and transmit biological data for healthcare purposes. At this time, the Company has
not entered into any agreements, is only in preliminary discussions and there is no guarantee that we will come to an agreement with any
of these vendors. If we do not come to an agreement with these vendors, we do not foresee that as materially affecting our business as
there are multiple vendors and manufacturers of these type of products already in the industry. 

The company recently launched the iHelp Mini 4G ,
a small, lightweight, 4G device that includes features and functions such as fall detection, Geo-fencing, medication reminders, GPS, and
SOS alerts. 

We anticipate the launch of the iHelp MAX 
device in the first fiscal quarter of 2024 which offers a customized lone worker program for use with the iHelp MAX . The remaining
steps for completing the launch of our iHelp MAX device are for the manufacturer to obtain CE and FCC certifications on the electronics
and for the Company to review and test the second set of working samples, we have experienced some delays in the production of the samples
due to the city lockdowns and holiday festivals in China, but the Company expects to complete the product reviews by the end of June
2023. The device features a multi-function button for check-in and SOS alerts to ensure that workers in the field can get help in the
event their health or safety is at risk. The small, lightweight device is waterproof and durable enough for use indoors or outdoors. The
loan worker device includes the following features and functions: 

Two-Way Voice - Voice connection to an operator or when an SOS or fall is detected (and optionally missed check-in) 

One-Button Operation - One button to check-in or declare an SOS (monitored 24/7) 

Water-Resistant - IPX7: up to 3.3 ft for 30 min 

GPS Location - Location reporting within 65 ft 

Rechargeable Battery - 72 hours battery life, based on reporting location every 4 hours 

SOS Alerting - With 24/7 monitoring service 

Fall Detection - With three sensitivity settings and built-in cancellation timer to prevent false alarms 

Easy Check-In With user-controlled start/stop of predefined check-in schedule 

Audible Alerts (can be disabled) For SOS, check-in, fall-detection, low battery, and cell signal status 

Protected Phone Number Only designated parties can call your protected number 

Wearable Health Solutions Inc., through its
wholly owned subsidiary Medical Alarm Concepts LLC,(MAC) is currently in operation and works with 15 central monitoring stations with
trained EMT operators on a 24/7 stand-by basis serving a significant number of 200 dealers in the US, Canada, Barbados and New Zealand
with over 7,000 active users providing recurring revenue for the company. 

6 

Asset Purchase Agreement - BOAPIN.com 

On August 3, 2020, effective as of June 30, 2020,
the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Hypersoft Ventures, Inc. Asset Purchase Agreement where the
Company purchased certain assets of Hypersoft Ventures and its international commodities trading portal referenced as BOAPIN.com. As part
of the Asset Purchase Agreement, Hypersoft Ventures, Inc., sold 100 of its online commodities trading portal and certain other assets
including but not limited to: its data, science and files, marketing material, logos, advertising data, subscriber lists, source code,
intellectual property, trade secrets, trademarks, client lists, service markets, supplier data, banking documents, and website registrants
derived from The Federation of Industries from the State of Rond nia (Brazil)( FIERO ), in exchange for 6,700,003 shares
of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, a promissory note in the amount of 425,000 and performance-based fees payable to FIERO. 

At this point of the Comp any s business
evolution, management has decided to focus its efforts on the Personal Emergency Response Systems (PERS) and Telehealth business model,
including the launch of our new iHelp MAX a 4G enabled device and related products in approximately the middle of 2022. As such
the Company is in the process of divesting itself of the BOAPIN.com asset and related business components. The Company is seeking to sell
its BOAPIN.com assets to a third party but has not been actively searching for a buyer. As of this Annual Report, there is no pending
purchaser and the Company has had no offers for the purchase of BOAPIN.com and its assets. 

As of June 30, 2020, the Company impaired the
value of the BOAPIN portal to -0- for lack of revenue generation, resulting in a loss of 800,200. Given the asset was acquired from
a related party and considered to have no value, the cost was recorded as compensation expense, reflected in salaries and wages expense
on the Statement of Operations. 

Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. Products: 

Products 

The Company's efforts are on the sale of its medical
alarm and safety alert devices, which are some of the most advanced systems on the market today as displayed below in schematic form. 

Figure 1: iHelp MAX Monitor 
 Figure 2: iHelp MAX with Wristband 
 Figure 3: iHelp MAX on Charging Station 

iHelp MAX Personal Emergency Response Unit 

7 

iHelp+ 3G Unit and Charging base 

a) MediPendant 

MediPendant is the Company's flagship medical
alarm product and the world s first monitored two-way voice speakerphone pendant for the Personal Emergency Response System (PERS)
industry. It allows the user to speak and listen to the operator directly through the pendant. Wearable Health Solutions' alarm pendant
also offers superior range of radio frequency capabilities and an enhanced communication range that enables the user to move freely in
and about the home up to an extended range that is evolutionary in the PERS industry. Specifically, the MediPendant system, which
is connected through a landline telephone base station, enables the user to move up to 600+ feet (line of sight) away from the main base
station, a distance that far exceeds competitors offerings on the market today. Competitor offerings instead require the user to
be within a much closer proximity to and speaking distance from the base station box, a situation that may not be possible in an emergency
event. As part of the MediPendant product offering, users receive Wearable Health Solutions' two-way communication pendant, base
station unit and a subscription to the Company's around- the-clock personal response service monitoring center. Our MediPendant will
not be affected by the discontinued use of the 3G networks as it operates using landline telephone service. 

Emergency calls made through the Company's MediPendant 
device are always handled by certified operators at a call center who are available 24-hours a day and guaranteed to remain on the call
with MediPendant subscribers until the problem is resolved and/or help arrives. Operators are trained to immediately assess the situation
and can either connect the caller to a loved-one, or dispatch medical personnel to the user's location. All emergency operators are prepared
to bring calm, professional, knowledgeable insight to any situation. Additionally, the call center can also archive a list of personal
information for all MediPendant users that includes an updated list of medications, health information and the subscriber's contact
information including home address for location and dispatch purposes. The personal information and medical history are securely stored
by the monitoring center and can be provided to the dispatched authority and emergency responders, as necessary. 

b) iHelp 

The Company also provides a medical alarm device
called the iHelp . The iHelp is designed to be easy to use, lightweight yet durable, but with multiple features. The company
has invested time, labor, and money into the development and launch of this device which possesses enhanced features and functions including
a GPS system, ability to remotely locate a loved one, voice prompts, and a dealer portal that enables dealers to manage their iHelp 
customer base. The iHelp dealers enjoy significant company benefits in; the ease of ordering our products, activating and deactivating
customers, tracking customer usage, and creating and printing a variety of reports. The iHelp dealer program is turn-key 
and offers the dealer the opportunity to provide his/her customers with the latest products without altering back end systems.
With the introduction of the new and improved iHelp+ 3G unit, the iHelp is no longer being produced; however, we are still
servicing our customers who use our iHelp devices and have no plans of retiring that service. 

8 

c) iHelp + 3G 

The iHelp+ 3G is currently our most complete mPERS compliant
product and is similar to the iHelp . However, the iHelp+ 3G has additional features and functions, including; the ability
to detect falls by the wearer, for example in the shower, Geo-Fencing and tracking ability, operates on the 3G networks;
and can be telehealth enabled via blue tooth low energy 4.0. The unit has superior audio quality, an extended battery life, and operates
on GSM networks for use with cell phone providers both domestically and internationally, therefore enabling extended coverage in most
areas. With the impending shutdown of the 3G network in the United States, by AT T, Verizon, and T-Mobile, approximately 20 of our
customers (all U.S. based) who are on our iHelp+ 3G product will lose access to our services. We are preparing to work with those
customers in order to transition them to our next generation iHelp MAX product, that will operate on 4G Networks and additional
services. However, there is no guarantee that we will be able transition all or some of those customers to our new products. We are not
aware of any other countries where 3G networks are being eliminated. 

d) iHelp Mini 

The iHelp Mini is a 4G medical
alarm device with next generation capabilities. It is small, lightweight, waterproof, and durable. It offers users the ability to summon
help in the event of an emergency. Its features and functions include SOS alarm, fall detection, geo-fencing, medication reminders, alerts
to loved ones, crystal clear audio, and low battery alarm. The offering of a small, lightweight 4G medical alarm device in the industry
is a huge benefit to our dealers and distributors. The iHelp Mini dealers enjoy significant company benefits in; the ease of ordering
our products, activating and deactivating customers, tracking customer usage, and creating and printing a variety of reports. The iHelp 
dealer program is turn-key and offers the dealer the opportunity to provide his/her customers with the latest products
without altering back end systems. 

Small size 2.4 x 1.732 x 0.63 
 
 Lightweight: 1.41 .oz 
 
 Battery: Rechargeable, 3.7V, 800mhAh 
 
 Charging Voltage: 5V DC 
 
 Waterproof: IP67 
 
 4 locating technologies: GPS, BLE, WiFi, LBS 

9 

e) iHelp MAX 

The iHelp MAX our next generation
of devices, which will operate on 4G Networks, is anticipated to be telehealth ready along with the platform that should be able to plug
into multiple devices, such as smart watches, to enable remote monitoring and data collection of essential vital signs in real-time with
historical data via Bluetooth, NFC, and Wi-Fi technology. In order to complete iHelp MAX and get it telehealth ready, the iHelp
MAX device will need to be Bluetooth enabled, and we will need to add the device to our HIPAA compliant servers and backend of
our mHealth operating system. Being telehealth ready means that our devices will be able to connect to other devices such as smart watches,
and body sensors through the use of Bluetooth technology, this will allow our iHelp MAX device to link to our customers 
existing devices and use those sensors to help our iHelp MAX build a more complete picture of the customers health. Our customers
will be able to add other products to their iHelp MAX such as our remote patient monitoring and medication reminder features at
an additional cost to the basic services we provide. We anticipate the launch of the iHelp MAX device in the first fiscal quarter
of 2024 which will offer a customized Lone Worker program for use with the iHelp MAX . The iHelp MAX devices
will run on local mobile networks, such as AT T, Verizon, Bell Canada, T-Mobile, depending on where the customer is located. The device
will feature a multi-function button for check-in and SOS alerts to ensure workers in the field can obtain help in the event their health
or safety is at risk. The small, lightweight device is waterproof and durable enough for use indoors or outdoors. The Loan Worker device
includes the following features and functions: 

Two-Way Voice - Voice connection to an operator or when an SOS or fall is detected (and optionally missed check-in) 

One-Button Operation - One button to check-in or declare an SOS (monitored 24/7) 

Water-Resistant - IPX7: up to 3.3 ft for 30 min 

GPS Location - Location reporting within 65 ft 

Rechargeable Battery - 72 hours battery life, based on reporting location every 4 hours 

SOS Alerting - With 24/7 monitoring service 

Fall Detection - With three sensitivity settings and built-in cancellation timer to prevent false alarms 

Easy Check-In With user-controlled start/stop of predefined check-in schedule 

Audible Alerts (can be disabled) For SOS, check-in, fall-detection, low battery, and cell signal status 

Protected Phone Number Only designated parties can call your protected number 

As a result of the recent emergence of smart mobile
wireless and geographic location solutions, these systems will integrate via Bluetooth low energy 4.0 and other FDA approved medical device
technologies including biosensors. The Company may collect data on vital signs, send data to HIPAA compliant servers in the cloud, and
allow access by caregivers, nurses, doctors, hospitals, and other health organizations. This process can facilitate a low-monthly-cost
environment for the implementation of all day user monitoring for emergency, health, and activity status changes. This evolution will
change the face of the traditional PERS devices into a Wearable Health Alarm Monitoring WHAM market. 

In order for iHelp MAX to become telehealth
ready the Company will need to complete the backend software, including engaging HIPPA compliant servers that are equipped for data collection
and storage. The Company does not foresee this being a problem as it already has engaged servers for its current products and as such
the Company is prepared to extend its server coverage to the new products when ready. 

f) iHelpGo 

The company began to market and sell a personal emergency response system digital wristwatch, using the mark iHelpGo. The company intends
to market and sell a user-friendly device that integrates into the company s IOT backend system were it may provide real-time health
data, and have mobile connectivity for safety in the seniors market 

10 

Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. 

Market Background 

Living arrangements have changed greatly in the
United States among older people and other potentially vulnerable segments of the population, including those with physical disabilities
and/or medical conditions. During the 20th century, one of the most dramatic changes in the lives of the aging in the United States was
the rise of the number of aging people living at home alone. In 1910, for example, only 12 of widows aged 65 or older lived alone. In
1970, this figure was 70 and today it is estimated to be much higher. 

In the 21st century, this trend has gained momentum
with more of the aging and medically at-risk population living alone than at any other time in the past, especially with the rise of the
aging Baby Boomer population. The Baby Boomers, those born between 1946 and 1964, started turning 65 years old in 2011, with the number
of older people set to increase dramatically during 2010 to 2030. According to the U.S. Current Population Survey data, between
2010 and 2030 , the number of people aged 65 and older is projected to grow by 31.7 million or 79.2 . Thus, the older population
in 2030 is projected to be twice as large as in 2000, growing from 35 million to 71.5 million, representing 20 of the total U.S. population
in year 2030. 

This social dynamic of a rising older population
is true in both the United States as well as in many developed nations worldwide. Social change, technological advancements, and general
lifestyle choices have promoted increased independence and the ability to live alone among other potentially vulnerable segments of the
population such as those with physical disabilities or medical conditions. These groups can be especially susceptible to health problems
and concerns for their physical wellbeing. Industry experts agree that in order to help facilitate independence and safety, more help
is needed to provide these people with contact in case of emergency, or the benefit of support in a time of need. It was in response to
this situation that the personal emergency response systems (PERS) industry emerged in the United States and developed the first personal
medical alarm. The common use for personal medical alarms is as a safeguard for the aged and persons with certain medical conditions,
in case of an age or health related incident that requires immediate attention, where the victim is unable to reach out for assistance
via traditional means, including the ability to make a telephone call. 

Effective PERS, with their emergency alert capabilities,
is a key technology solution that can greatly help the vulnerable segment of the population live a more free and active life while maintaining
the security of being able to access immediate assistance as needed. In fact, there has been a boom in the PERS market in recent years
due to the growing aging population worldwide. 

While the PERS industry has been in existence
for some time, much of the technology within the industry has remained stagnant, with the landline and standalone PERS types remaining
a majority of sales. Many of the original PERS solutions are still designed today to provide alerts whereby a push of a button simply
triggers a call center operator to respond by calling the device user at home. QYResearch Global PERs Devices Market Report, History
and Forecast 2016-2027 ). The communication is conducted with two-way voice communication done through a centralized speaker box
and not the actual device itself. Thus, traditional PERS solutions currently on the market offer communication between user and a call
center only through a speaker box. This greatly inhibits the users freedom and limits their mobility to an area near the speaker
box. QYResearch Global PERs Devices Market Report, History and Forecast 2016-2027 

Mobile medical alert devices, such as smart watches,
have recently been introduced to the market. They are designed for the younger and more active person with medical issues, and active
elderly adults. With the emergence of telehealth and biosensor technology, the market is changing again to an even younger age group with
medical issues which require tracking on a regular basis. These new medical alert devices, such as some smart watches, can track blood
pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation and can even sense when a person falls, then these devices are potentially able to reach out to
medical personnel on behalf of the user without any interaction from that user. Wearable Health Solutions currently offers a wide range
of solutions for users from a simple at home medical alarm to a mobile device that enables users to get help in most areas and is working
on adding to its function ability through the use of these other features. 

11 

The iHelp MAX device will be telehealth-ready,
and we plan to have multiple additional devices that can be added on and enabled in remote monitoring, data collection, and threshold
settings of essential vital signs, including blood pressure, oxygen levels, temperature, and more, in real-time and with historical data
via Bluetooth, NFC, and Wi-Fi technology. 

Our Software Platform 

Our platform is a cloud-hosted service consisting
of methods and automation tasks for accepting data transmission from personal safety and medical devices PS/M and storing,
reformatting, and retransmitting this data to subscribers, monitoring centers, healthcare providers, front-end portal/user interfaces,
and API controllers. 

The front-end portal interface provides a user-friendly
management and monitoring platform for all of the integrations listed below, coupled with PS/M device fulfillment, tracking, controlling,
and remote reprogramming, along with portal user administration and role/privilege assignment, internal activity/audit trails, ordering
and invoicing, support portal integration, and any other customizations needed based on solution requirements. 

Back-end automation and integration with third-party
providers and services include: 

SMS, email, and smartphone messaging app push notifications for PS/M event/activity/location alerts and subscriber communication with PS/M devices (with locale specific SMS numbers where available); 

Programmatic voice dialing and routing (with locale specific voice numbers where available); 

Integration with SIM card providers for management (activation, suspension, and usage monitoring) of airtime; 

Flexible signal relay and reformatting for alarm, activity and health event data to central stations and healthcare providers based on unique communication and transmission protocol, whether via API calls or data transmission to TCP/IP or other types of receivers; 

Integration with customer CRM for account details and user activity; 

Integration with billing systems for device/equipment ordering and recurring billing; 

API endpoints can be exposed for data access and controlling feature-sets in third party environments. 

This technology may also be marketed for future
commercial applications in the Internet of Things (IoT) or Machine-to-Machine (M2M) devices in the ecosystem of remote patient monitoring.
Such commercial applications will provide for additional corporate revenue streams and profits. Management believes significant revenues
may be derived from such related industry opportunities . 

The Company is taking a further step into the remote
patient monitoring and biosensing space. Our commitment as a Telehealth ready company is demonstrated by the engagement of Product Development
Corporation MIDI ), to produce our Next Generation Platform, that operates on 4G Networks, which will add updates and upgrades
to the iHelp MAX device and platform. Features, functionalities and tools to be included and currently under development are; adding
the capability of collection and routine measurement of a user s vital signs such as monitoring of blood pressures, oxygen and glucose
levels. The additional features contemplated will allow the iHelp MAX device to compile health data and transmit it to the cloud
for easy storage, access and retrieval. As a result we will expand our services and offerings to customers in such areas as Remote Patient
Monitoring and Medication Reminders for additional fees and revenues. 

12 

Remote Patient Monitoring 

We will routinely add and embed upgrades and updates
to include Remote Patient Monitoring RPM systems and relays into our iHelp MAX device. RPM technology is estimated to
be approximately an 8.5 billion market according to LEX Consulting and is only in the early stages of adoption. We plan on upgrading
the iHelp MAX to connect other blue tooth enabled devices in order to provide further assistance to our users by compiling and
providing health data in an accessible manner. This RPM health data may help our users in obtaining increased support for chronic care
management and allowing for early intervention for health care issues. 

Medication Reminders 

The iHelp MAX will eventually embed an
update module that will allow users to input prescription medication schedules as a reminder to users for consumption based on a doctor s
recommendations. This system will track users progress in maintaining medication consumption schedules as advised by physicians where
necessary prescription intake may be adjusted based on monitored results. 

Market Opportunity 

The healthcare industry is the largest in the
world, with the home healthcare market in developed countries in particular growing rapidly, driven in part by aging baby boomers and
a growing shift toward moving some types of healthcare from the hospital and into the home. 

These trends make the home healthcare sector an
increasingly attractive market for successful companies that offer effective solutions in the PERS industry space. The common use for
personal medical alarms is as a safeguard for the aged and persons with certain medical conditions who are unable to reach out for assistance
via traditional means such as a telephone call. Medical alarms mitigate the potential harm and expensive hospital stays caused by falls
or other accidents where tracking devices, like the iHelp+3G with wearable biosensors will monitor users conditions. 

There has been a boom in the PERS market in recent
years due to the growing aging population worldwide. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the number of people over 65 in the United States
is set to jump from approximately 34 million to approximately 65 million in 2025. By 2050, this statistic is projected to reach 86.7 million,
with many individuals living at home or in an alternative home-type environment. Worldwide, this number is expected to double from some
550 million currently at age 65 years old to over 1.2 billion seniors by 2025. 

Experts in the health care industry expect that
many of these seniors will prefer to continue living independently at home for as long as possible. This population is expected to be
more technology-savvy as consumers of healthcare services and are very interested in playing an active role in personally managing their
health and well-being. They may consider technologies that help them gain access to medical care while remaining independent and outside
a hospital environment. 

Effective PERS with their emergency alert capabilities,
are a key technology solution that may help the vulnerable segment of the population live a more free and active lifestyle while maintaining
the security of immediate assistance access as needed. According to industry statistics users of PERS are typically individuals over the
age of 75 who are predominantly female and live alone. The buyers of PERS are frequently the end users children. 

13 

Lifeline Systems, Inc., the founder of the PERS
industry in the U.S. approximately 35 years ago, served 250,000 users in the United States and Canada in 1992. Today, Philips Medical
Systems' acquisition of Lifeline Medical Alarm has positioned it as the largest provider of traditional PERS systems with over 700,000
monitored accounts, implying that the total market size of users is likely much larger. 

source : Lek Consultings 

Sales and Marketing 

The Company's marketing efforts are focused in three principal areas 

i. 
 Internet sales marketing, 

ii. 
 Wholesale distribution and 

iii. 
 International markets. 

1) Internet Sales Marketing 

The Company markets the MediPendant through
its website at www.1800medalert.com and its iHelp mobile medical alarm to dealers at www.ihelpalarm.com. The sales process for
medical alarms can be complex which often require several phone calls among the end user or customer's family members before a decision
is reached. As a result the MediPendant and iHelp websites are used mainly for informational purposes with the actual sale
typically taking place over the phone with one of our customer service representatives or one of our many dealers. The Company uses a
variety of techniques, such as Internet paid ad campaigns and social media, in order to drive web traffic to the websites, and initiate
potential customer sales calls. 

14 

2) Wholesale Distribution 

The Company currently has several relationships
with wholesalers which resell the MediPendant and the iHelp in conjunction with their own monitoring services. The Company
believes its relationships with its strategic partners is good. The Company is currently in discussions with several other wholesale groups
interested in distributing our products through their independent channels. With the introduction of the iHelp+ 3G , iHelp MAX ,
Wearable Health Solutions will be marketing its offerings only through Wholesale Distribution Centers in International Markets. 

3) International Markets 

The Company also distributes its products on a
wholesale basis to selected international markets. To date, the Company has completed sales in Denmark, Ireland, Bermuda, Brazil, the
Caribbean, and the People's Republic of China. Considerable International interest has been received in the Company's new iHelp+ 3G ,
iHelp MAX offerings and as a result distribution was initiated in Canada, and Europe. Expansion initiatives are also under consideration
for global distribution. 

Manufacturing and Raw Materials 

The Company relies on third parties and suppliers
to provide product raw materials, components and to build and package the finished goods. Third parties also provide order fulfillment,
warehousing, distribution, cloud-hosting and monitoring services. The Company plans to purchase its products in larger production batches
thereby increasing production efficiency for the outsourced suppliers, which will reduce costs. 

The Company uses contracted third parties to manufacture
its products and to monitor our customers. The third-party manufacturers are responsible for receipt and storage of raw material, production
and packaging and labeling of finished goods. At present, the Company is dependent upon manufacturers for the production (manufacturing)
of all of its products. To the extent the manufacturer should discontinue the relationship with the Company; the Company s sales
could be adversely impacted. The Company believes at the present time it will be able to obtain the quantity of products and supplies
it will need to meet orders. 

The Company purchases all of the products from
third party suppliers and manufacturers pursuant to purchase orders without any long-term agreements. In the event that the current manufacturers
are unable to meet supply or manufacturing requirements at some time in the future, the Company may suffer short-term interruptions of
delivery of certain products while it establishes an alternative source. While management believes alternative sources are in most cases
available and it plans to have also established working relationships with several third-party suppliers and manufacturers, none of these
agreements are long-term. The Company also relies on third party carriers for product shipments, including shipments to and from distribution
facilities. The Company also relies on third parties to provide the monitoring of the Company s customers and devices. It is therefore
subject to the risks, including employee strikes and inclement weather, associated with the third parties ability to provide those services
to meet the Company s needs. Failure to deliver products or monitor our customers in a timely and accurate matter would harm the
Company s reputation, business and results of operations. 

Patents, Trademarks and Licenses 

We may rely on a combination of patent, trademark,
copyright, and trade secret laws in the United States as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our
proprietary technology, databases, and our brand. 

15 

The trademarks currently owned by the Company,
and for which it intends to seek federal transaction registration are the marks, Wearable Health Solutions, iHelp+ 3G , iHelp MAX 
and MediPendant . The Company may federally register other trademarks in the future as the need arises. The Company intends to patent
the processes and designs as the need arises; however, the Company currently does not have any federally registered patents. 

Competition 

The market for Personal Emergency Response Systems
(PERS) is highly fragmented with limited information about competitors available. 

The majority of competitors market first generation
PERS systems that rely on a centralized base station (Landline or Standalone type PERS) for communication between the user and the monitoring
center; however, the market for mobile based PERS systems has been increasing, with the ability of mobile devices to replace the central
base station models. The largest market participant is Philips Lifeline, which makes up approximately 32 of all the revenues in the PERS
market, which several years ago purchased Lifeline Medical Alarms. The next two largest market participants, based on revenues, according
to the QYR research is believed to be ADT and Turnstall which have 3.4 and 3.3 of the revenues in the PERS Market, respectively. QYResearch
Global PERs Devices Market Report, History and Forecast 2016-2027 ). ADT s product is a modern medical alert bracelet which
connects to a monitoring platform. Additionally, there are dozens of smaller organizations marketing PERS devices and monitoring services.
The fragmentation of the market means that there are a lot of opportunities to gain market share; however, most of the companies that
are in the PERS market are much larger and better funded than we are, which means that they may be able to come out with new products
and features faster than we can and better integrate those new features into their existing products and networks than we can. 

Mobile Medical Alerts and health monitoring devices,
have recently been introduced into the market and are designed for the adult and younger more active individuals with medical issues.
This market is currently dominated by companies that are currently in the health and fitness markets as well as the cell phone markets,
such as Apple, Samsung, Garmin, and Fitbit. 

Mostly all of our competitors have significantly
greater financial, marketing and other resources, broader product lines outside of medical and health monitoring, and larger customer
bases than we have and are less financially leveraged than we are. As a result, these competitors may be able to: adapt to changes in
customer requirements more quickly; introduce new and more innovative technological products more quickly; better adapt to downturns in
the economy or other decreases in sales; better withstand pressure to accept customer concerns; take advantage of acquisition and other
opportunities more readily; devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their services; and adopt more aggressive pricing policies. 

Employment Agreements 

On May 11, 2020, and effective as of December
21, 2019, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement Mittler Agreement with its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer (now former CFO) and Director, Harrysen Mittler; wherein, Mr. Mittler agreed to serve as an employee of the Company in consideration
of 17,000 and 25,000 restricted common shares per month, modified to 20,000 and 200,000 shares per month plus cash a stock bonus, and
a monthly auto allowance of 2,000 per month, effective December 22, 2021. His duties as an Employee of the Company will be mainly to
provide executive management and corporate finance duties related to the operating and financial reporting for the Company. The term of
the contract is for an initial period of three years, and a renewal option for an additional two-year period. 

16 

On May 11, 2020, and effective as of December
21, 2019, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement Pizzino Agreement with its President and Director, Peter Pizzino;
wherein, Mr. Pizzino agreed to serve as an employee of the Company in consideration of 17,000 and 25,000 restricted common shares per
month, modified to 20,000 and 200,000 shares per month plus cash a stock bonus, and a monthly auto allowance of 2,000 per month, effective
December 22, 2021. His duties as an Employee of the Company will be mainly to provide executive management expertise for the Company.
The term of the contract is for an initial period of three years, and then there is a renewal option for an additional two-year period
as per section 2 of the Pizzino Agreement. 

On August 9, 2021, the Company entered into an
agreement with Mr. Anthony Chetta (Chetta Advisory Agreement that was effective as of August 15, 2021. Mr. Chetta will serve as
our Chief Technical Advisor, where he will provide the customary services as a comparable person in that position. The term of the Chetta
Advisory Agreement is for an initial period of three (3) years, with a renewal option for an additional two (2) year period. The Company
will pay Mr. Chetta 8,000 per month, and a signing bonus of 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock and 1,000,000 shares of Company
common stock every six (6) months thereafter. The Company will also pay Mr. Chetta a bonus upon completion of the 4G software integration
and launch into the market. 

On May 16, 2022, the Company entered into an Employment
Agreement Miceli Agreement with Vincent S. Miceli, that was effective as of May 18, 2022. Mr. Miceli was employed by WHSI
as its Chief Financial Officer. The term of employment is for a period of three (3) years and contains a renewal option for an additional
two (2) year period. Mr. Miceli s base salary will be Eighteen Thousand Dollars 18,000) per month. As per the Miceli Agreement,
Mr. Miceli, was awarded Five Million (5,000,000) shares of restricted stock upon signing the Miceli Agreement, One Hundred Seventy-Five
Thousand (175,000) restricted shares per month, and Seven Million (7,000,000) shares of restricted stock as an annual bonus, per year,
thereafter. The Company will also pay for Mr. Miceli s health insurance. On July 27, 2023,
Mr. Vincent Miceli resigned his employment in the capacity of CFO for the Company. On October 4, 2023, Mr. Miceli filed a breach of contact
complaint in the state of Connecticut against the Company. 

On July
27, 2023, Mr. Eric Sherb, CPA was appointed as the Company interim CFO. 

We plan to have a policy of requiring key employees
and consultants to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of an employment or consulting relationship with us. Our employee
agreements also require relevant employees to assign to us all rights to any inventions made or conceived during their employment with
us. In addition, in the future we will have a policy requiring individuals and entities with which we discuss potential business relationships
to sign non-disclosure agreements. Our agreements with clients include confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions. 

Regulation 

We face extensive government regulation both within
and outside the U.S. relating to the development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of our products, software and services.
Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations, in areas such as consumer protection, labor and
employment, tax, permitting, and other laws and regulations. Most jurisdictions in which we operate have licensing laws directed specifically
toward the health monitoring industry. In certain jurisdictions, we must obtain licenses or permits in order to comply with standards
governing employee selection, training, and business conduct. In addition, we are subject to certain administrative requirements and laws
of the jurisdictions in which we operate. These laws and regulations may include restrictions on the manner in which we promote the sale
of our monitoring services and may require us to provide most purchasers of our services with three-day or longer rescission
rights. 

17 

Some local government authorities have adopted
or are considering various measures aimed at reducing false alerts. Such measures include requiring permits for individual monitoring
systems, revoking such permits following a specified number of false calls, imposing fines on customers or monitoring companies for false
notifications, limiting the number of times ambulance or police personnel will respond to alerts at a particular location after a specified
number of false alerts, requiring additional verification of an alert notice before the ambulance services or police respond, or providing
no response to medical monitoring alerts. 

The Company has received all necessary approvals
to operate in the jurisdictions it is operating. The Company does not expect the costs and effects of compliance with environmental laws
to be a significant issue. 

The following sections describe certain significant
regulations that we are subject to. These are not the only regulations that our businesses must comply with. For a description of risks
related to the regulations that our businesses are subject to, please refer to the section entitled Risk Factors Risks Related
to Our Businesses. 

Our operations are potentially subject to a complex
web of Federal and state regulations that are evolving at a rapid rate. The USDA and FDA may change rules or enforcement proceedings at
any time. 

Seasonality 

We do not expect any seasonality in our business. 

Property 

Our mailing address is 2901 W. Coast Highway,
Suite 200, Newport Beach, CA 92663. Our main telephone number is (949) 270-7460. The Company currently pays 175 a month for its office
space and the term is month to month, with a thirty-day written notice of termination. The Company entered into a new three-year lease
agreement on September 9, 2022 for new warehouse space located in Mequon, Wisconsin. The monthly rent for this new warehouse space is
currently 1,325 per month for the first twelve months of the lease agreement. Our website is www.wearablehealthsolutions.com and our
email address is info@wearablehealthsolutions.com. 

Employees 

Including our Officers and Directors we have 5
full-time employees of our business or operations who are employed at will by Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. We anticipate adding additional
employees in the next 12 months, as needed. We do not feel that we would have any unmanageable difficulty in locating needed staff in
large part because of our corporate structure that allows for location and time flexibility. 

Bankruptcy or Similar Proceedings 

There has been no bankruptcy, receivership, or
similar proceeding. 

18 

WHERE YOU CAN GET ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

We file annual, quarterly, and current reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy our reports or other filings made with the SEC at the SEC s
Public Reference Room, located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549. You can obtain information on the operations of the Public
Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. You can also access these reports and other filings electronically on the SEC s
web site, www.sec.gov . 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

An investment in the Company s common stock
involves a high degree of risk. One should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating an investment in the Company s
common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations
or cash flow could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, the price of the Company s common stock could decline, and
one could lose all or part of one s investment. One should also refer to the other information set forth in this report, including
the Company s consolidated financial statements and the related notes. 

The Accompanying Financial Statements Have Been Prepared Assuming
the Company Will Continue As A Going Concern. 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of its assets and the liquidation
of its liabilities in the normal course of business. However, the Company has generated 745,093 in revenues for the year ended June 30,
2023, and has accumulated a loss since formation and currently lacks the capital to effectively pursue its business plan. This raises
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from this uncertainty. 

Our business plan is speculative. 

Our planned businesses are speculative
and subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. The burden of government regulation on technology, medical, and commodities related industry
participants, including manufacturers, distributors, retailers, suppliers and consumers, is uncertain and difficult to quantify. There
is no assurance that we will ever earn enough revenue to make a net profit. 

There are doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company is an early-stage enterprise and
has commenced principal operations. The Company had revenues of 745,093 and has incurred an operating loss of 2,388,466 for the year
ended June 30, 2023. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

There can be no assurance that sufficient funds
required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will be available from external sources, such
as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash
flow from operations, or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and
would, therefore, have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any such required funds,
if available, will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company s existing
stockholders. 

19 

The Company intends to overcome the circumstances
that impact its ability to remain a going concern through a combination of the growth of revenues, with interim cash flow deficiencies
being addressed through additional equity and debt financing. The Company anticipates raising additional funds through public or private
financing, strategic relationships, or other arrangements in the near future to support its business operations; however, the Company
may not have commitments from third parties for a sufficient amount of additional capital. The Company cannot be certain that any such
financing will be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and its failure to raise capital when needed could limit its ability to continue
its operations. The Company s ability to obtain additional funding will determine its ability to continue as a going concern. Failure
to secure additional financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial
performance, results of operations and stock price and require it to curtail or cease operations, sell off its assets, seek protection
from its creditors through bankruptcy proceedings, or otherwise. Furthermore, additional equity financing may be dilutive to the holders
of the Company s common stock, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants, and strategic relationships,
if necessary, to raise additional funds, and may require that the Company relinquish valuable rights. Please see Financial Statements
 Note 3. Going Concern for further information. 

We have limited existing brand
identity and customer loyalty; if we fail to market our brand to promote our products and service offerings, our business could suffer. 

We believe that establishing and maintaining
brand identity and brand loyalty is critical to attracting customers. In order to attract customers to our Wearable Health Solutions products,
we may be forced to spend substantial funds to create and maintain brand recognition among consumers. We believe that the cost of our
sales campaigns could increase substantially in the future. If our branding efforts are not successful, our ability to earn revenues and
sustain our operations will be harmed. 

In the event we are not successful
in reaching our revenue targets, additional funds may be required. 

We may not be able to proceed with our
business plan for the development and marketing of our core products and services. Should this occur, we may be forced to suspend or cease
operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering. While we believe in the viability of
our strategy to increase revenues and in our ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. Our ability
to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to further implement our business plan, raise additional money, and generate
sufficient revenues. 

Due to shutdown of 3G networks
in the United States and because our iHelp MAX is not expected to be available until the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, there
is a risk that our customers may purchase competitors products, instead of our iHelp MAX product. 

Our current customers that are using
the iHelp +3G devices in the United States will no longer be able to use these devices after the 3G networks have been shut down. As of
this filing we have replaced most of our older 3G units in the United States with our iHelp Mini 4G units as the 3G networks have
been shut down. We plan to have our iHelp MAX product ready for distribution during the first quarter of 2024 and we may lose U.S.
customers to competitors products because we are not able to transfer them to our newer iHelp Mini 4G product before those
customers choose to upgrade their devices. As such there is a material risk that we will not be able to retain our United States customers
after the 3G networks are shut down and that our current United States customers may chose a competitor s product. 

20 

We have to keep up with rapid
technological change to continue offering our client s competitive products and services or we may lose clients and be unable to
compete. 

Our future success will depend on our
ability to continue delivering to our medical alert and monitoring clients a better experience, with more technologically advanced products,
that are easier to use, can be used more remotely and have longer battery lives. In order to do so, we will need to adapt to rapidly changing
technologies, to adapt our services to evolving industry standards and to improve the performance of our services. Our failure to adapt
to such changes would likely lead to a loss of clients or a substantial reduction in the fees we would be able to charge versus competitors
who have more rapidly adopted improved technology. Any loss of clients or reduction of fees would adversely impact our revenue. In addition,
the widespread adoption of new health monitoring technologies, Internet technologies or other technological changes could require substantial
expenditures by us to modify or adapt our products, services or infrastructure. If we are unable to pass all or part of these costs on
to our clients, our margins and, therefore, profitability will be reduced. 

We may not be able to compete
with other medical alert products and related software developers, almost all of whom have greater resources and experience than we do. 

Mostly all of our competitors have significantly
greater financial, marketing and other resources, broader product lines outside of medical and health monitoring, and larger customer
bases than we have and are less financially leveraged than we are. As a result, these competitors may be able to: adapt to changes in
customer requirements more quickly; introduce new and more innovative technological products more quickly; better adapt to downturns in
the economy or other decreases in sales; better withstand pressure to accept customer concerns; take advantage of acquisition and other
opportunities more readily; devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products and services; and adopt more aggressive
pricing policies. 

Our ability to adapt to industry
changes in technology, or market circumstances, may drastically change the business environment in which we operate. 

If we are unable to recognize these
changes in good time, are late in adjusting our business model, or if circumstances arise such as pricing actions by competitors, then
this could have a material adverse effect on our growth ambitions, financial condition and operating results. 

The global increase in security
threats and higher levels of professionalism in computer crime have increased the importance of effective IT security measures, including
proper identity management processes to protect against unauthorized systems access. 

Our systems, networks, products, solutions
and services remain potentially vulnerable to attacks, which could potentially lead to the leakage of confidential information, improper
use of our systems and networks, which could in turn materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

We rely on the attraction and retention of talented
employees . 

Attracting and retaining talented employees
in sales and marketing, research and development, finance and general management, as well as of specialized technical personnel, is critical
to our success and could also result in business interruptions. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in attracting and
retaining all the highly qualified employees and key personnel needed in the future. 

21 

We may from time to time be subject
to warranty and product liability claims with regard to product performance and effects. 

We could incur product liability losses
as a result of repair and replacement costs in response to customer complaints or in connection with the resolution of contemplated legal
proceedings relating to such claims. Successful claims for damages may be made that are in excess of our potential insurance coverage.
Our insurance could become more expensive and there is no assurance that insurance will still be available on acceptable terms. In addition
to potential losses arising from claims and related legal proceedings, product liability claims could affect our reputation and relationships
with key customers. As a result, product liability claims could materially impact our financial condition and operating results. 

In order to develop additional
revenues and further our current products, we have plans to invest in product(s) that are synergistic with our current products. 

Investing in these products adaptive
technologies or business models may or may not be successful. They may not be timely nor cost-effective, and there is no assurance the
desired results will be achieved. We may need to increase our inventory levels, increase our accounts receivables, and be exposed to bad
debt and obsolete inventory, and this would negatively impact our operations and balance sheet. 

We may not be able to successfully
compete against companies with substantially greater resources . 

The industries in which we operate in
general are subject to intense and increasing competition. Some of our competitors may have greater capital resources, facilities, and
diversity of product lines, which may enable them to compete more effectively in this market. Our competitors may devote their resources
to developing and marketing products that will directly compete with our product lines. Due to this competition, there is no assurance
that we will not encounter difficulties in obtaining revenues and market share or in the positioning of our products. There are no assurances
that competition in our respective industries will not lead to reduced prices for our products. If we are unable to successfully compete
with existing companies and new entrants to the market this will have a negative impact on our business and financial condition. 

Certain of the Company s
products are dependent on consumer discretionary spending. 

Certain of our medical and health products
as well at technology platforms may be susceptible to unfavorable changes in economic conditions. Decreases in consumer discretionary
spending could negatively affect the Company's business and result in a decline in sales and financial performance. 

We face extensive government regulation
both within and outside the U.S. relating to the development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of our products, software
and services. 

Our operations are subject to numerous
federal, state, and local laws and regulations, in areas such as consumer protection, labor and employment, tax, permitting, and other
laws and regulations. Most jurisdictions in which we operate have licensing laws directed specifically toward the health monitoring industry.
In certain jurisdictions, we must obtain licenses or permits in order to comply with standards governing employee selection, training,
and business conduct. In addition, we are subject to certain administrative requirements and laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate.
These laws and regulations may include restrictions on the manner in which we promote the sale of our monitoring services and may require
us to provide most purchasers of our services with three-day or longer rescission rights. 

22 

Some local government authorities have
adopted or are considering various measures aimed at reducing false alerts. Such measures include requiring permits for individual monitoring
systems, revoking such permits following a specified number of false calls, imposing fines on customers or monitoring companies for false
notifications, limiting the number of times ambulance or police personnel will respond to alerts at a particular location after a specified
number of false alerts, requiring additional verification of an alert notice before the ambulance services or police respond, or providing
no response to medical monitoring alerts. 

Our business is dependent upon suppliers. 

We plan on entering into supply agreements
with manufacturers. Nevertheless, we remain dependent upon a limited number of suppliers for our products. Currently we have two manufacturers
for our iHelp MAX , iHelp Mini 4G and iHelp+ 3G products, if we were to lose either of those manufacturers, we anticipate
that it would take us several months to replace them and have a new manufacturer that was capable of producing our products. Although
we do not anticipate difficulty in obtaining adequate inventory at competitive prices, we can offer no assurance that such difficulties
will not arise. The extent to which supply disruption will affect us remains uncertain. Our inability to obtain sufficient quantities
of products at competitive prices would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We also rely on third parties to monitor our devices, currently there are over a dozen companies that are capable of delivering this service
to our customers and as such we do not believe that having to switch medical alert monitoring services will have a material adverse effect
on our business or financial condition. 

We cannot assure that we will
earn a profit or that consumers will accept our products. 

Our business is speculative and dependent
upon acceptance of our products by consumers. Our operating performance will be heavily dependent on whether or not we are able to earn
a profit on the sale of our products. We cannot assure that we will be successful or earn enough revenue to make a profit, or that investors
will not lose their entire investment. 

Inventories maintained by the
Company, the manufacturers and its customers may fluctuate from time to time. 

The Company relies in part on its dealer
and customer relationships and predictions of the manufacturer and customer inventory levels in projecting future demand levels and financial
results. These inventory levels may fluctuate, and may differ from the Company s predictions, resulting in the Company s projections
of future results being different than expected. These changes may be influenced by changing relationships with the dealers and customers,
economic conditions and customer preference for particular products. There can be no assurance that the Company s manufacturers
and customers will maintain levels of inventory in accordance with the Company s predictions or past history, or that the timing
of customers inventory build or liquidation will be in accordance with the Company s predictions or past history. 

New online store features could
fail to attract new customers, retain existing customers, or generate revenue. 

Our business strategy is partially dependent
on our ability to develop online store features to attract new customers and retain existing ones. Staffing changes, changes in customer
behavior or development of competing networks may cause customers to switch to competing brands or decrease our customer retention through
our online store. To date, our online retail platform, is only in its early-stages and it has begun to generate some revenue for the Company.
There is no guarantee that individual customers will use these features and as a result, we may fail to generate greater revenue. Additionally,
any of the following events may cause decreased use of our online store: 

23 

Emergence of competing mPERS and competitors online retail stores; 

Inability to convince potential customers to shop at our online store; 

A decrease or perceived decrease in the quality of products at our online store(s); 

An increase in content/products that are irrelevant to our users; 

Technical issues on certain platforms or in the cross-compatibility of multiple platforms; 

An increase in the level of advertisements by competitors may lower traffic acquisition rates; 

A rise in safety or privacy concerns; and 

An increase in the level of spam or undesired content on the sites. 

We have limited or no control
over the manufacturing and quality of the products we sell. 

We do not directly manufacture any of
the products that we sell or we currently plan to sell. Consequently, we have limited or no control over manufacturing practices at the
suppliers from whom we procure the products we sell. We put forth considerable efforts to ensure that the products we sell are safe and
comply with all applicable regulations. In spite of these efforts, there is a risk that we could inadvertently resell products which fail
to comply with applicable regulations or have other quality defects. If this were to occur, we could be forced to conduct a product recall,
defend regulatory or civil claims, or take other actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect upon our business. 

Increases in the cost of shipping,
postage or credit card processing could harm our business. 

We ship our products to customers by
United States mail and other overnight delivery and surface services. We generally invoice the costs of delivery and parcel shipments
directly to customers as separate shipping and handling charges. Any increases in shipping, postal or credit card processing rates could
harm our operating results as we may not be able to effectively pass such increases on to our customers. Similarly, strikes or other service
interruptions by these shippers could limit our ability to market or deliver our products on a timely basis. 

We face an inherent risk of exposure
to product liability claims in the event that the products we manufacture or sell allegedly cause personal injury. 

We face an inherent risk of exposure
to product liability claims in the event that the products we sell allegedly cause personal injury. Although we have not experienced any
significant losses due to product liability claims, we may experience such losses in the future. While our suppliers maintain insurance
against product liability claims but cannot be certain that such coverage will be adequate to cover any liabilities that we may incur,
or that such insurance will continue to be available on acceptable terms. A successful claim brought against us in excess of available
insurance coverage, or any claim that results in significant adverse publicity, could have a material adverse effect upon our business. 

24 

Capacity limits on some of our
planned technology, monitoring and payment processing systems and network hardware and software may be difficult to project and we may
not be able to expand by hiring additional employees and upgrade our systems in a timely manner to meet significant unexpected increased
demand. 

As the number of possible customers
we potentially serve increases and if our customer base grows, the traffic on our planned monitoring and payment processing systems and
network hardware and software will rise. In our capacity planning processes, we may be unable to accurately project the rate of increase
in the use of our medical monitoring and payment processing systems and network hardware and software. In addition, we may not be able
to expand our employee base and upgrade our systems and network hardware and software capabilities to accommodate significant unexpected
increased or peak use. If we are unable to appropriately hire more employees, upgrade our systems and network hardware and software in
a timely manner, our operations and processes may be temporarily disrupted. 

We may be unable to keep pace
with changes in the industries that we serve and advancements in technology as our business and market strategy evolves. 

As changes in the industries we serve
occur or macroeconomic conditions fluctuate we may need to adjust our business strategies or find it necessary to restructure our operations
or businesses, which could lead to changes in our cost structure, the need to write down the value of assets, or impact our profitability.
We will also make investments in existing or new businesses, including investments in technology and expansion of our business plans.
These investments may have short-term returns that are negative or less than expected and the ultimate business prospects of the business
may be uncertain. 

As our business and market strategy
evolves, we also will need to respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards in a cost-effective and timely manner
in order to remain competitive, better and more interactive products and web accessibility standards. The need to respond to technological
changes may require us to make substantial, unanticipated expenditures. There can be no assurance that we will be able to respond successfully
to technological change. 

Acquisitions, strategic investments,
partnerships, or alliances could be difficult to identify, pose integration challenges, divert the attention of management, disrupt our
business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We have in the past and may in the future
seek to acquire or invest in businesses, joint ventures, and platform technologies that we believe could complement or expand our platform,
enhance our technology, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. Further, our anticipated proceeds from future offerings increase the
likelihood that we will devote resources to exploring larger and more complex acquisitions and investments than we have previously attempted.
Any such acquisitions or investments may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating,
and pursuing suitable opportunities, whether or not the transactions are completed, and may result in unforeseen operating difficulties
and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products, personnel,
or operations of any acquired companies, particularly if the key personnel of an acquired company choose not to work for us, their software
is not easily adapted to work with our platform, or we have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business due to changes
in ownership, management, or otherwise. Any such transactions that we are able to complete may not result in the synergies or other benefits
we expect to achieve, which could result in substantial impairment charges. These transactions could also result in dilutive issuances
of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

25 

We are subject to anti-corruption,
anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, and similar laws, and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal or civil liability
and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA), U.S. domestic bribery laws, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other anti-corruption and anti-money
laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct business. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in
recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees, and their third-party intermediaries from authorizing,
offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. As we increase
our international sales and business and sales to the public sector, potentially to hospitals, insurance companies, or medical providers,
we may engage with business partners and third-party intermediaries to market our wearable health products and to obtain necessary permits,
licenses, and other regulatory approvals, if necessary. In addition, we or our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect
interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities, such as hospitals, insurance companies,
or medical providers. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, our employees,
representatives, contractors, partners, and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. 

While we plan to have policies and procedures
to address compliance with such laws, there is a risk that our employees and agents will take actions in violation of our policies and
applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. As we expand internationally, our risks under these laws may increase. 

Detecting, investigating, and resolving
actual or alleged violations of anti-corruption laws can require a significant diversion of time, resources, and attention from senior
management. In addition, noncompliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery, or anti-money laundering laws could subject us to whistleblower
complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, other civil or criminal penalties
or injunctions, suspension or debarment from contracting with certain persons, reputational harm, adverse media coverage, and other collateral
consequences. If any subpoenas or investigations are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail
in any possible civil or criminal proceeding, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 

Our intellectual property rights
may not protect our business or provide us with a competitive advantage. 

To be successful, we must protect our
technology and brand in all jurisdictions through trademarks, trade secrets, patents, copyrights, service marks, invention assignments,
contractual restrictions, and other intellectual property rights and confidentiality procedures. Despite our efforts to implement these
protections, they may not protect our business or provide us with a competitive advantage for a variety of reasons, including: 

the failure by us to obtain patents and other intellectual property rights for important innovations or maintain appropriate confidentiality and other protective measures to establish and maintain our trade secrets; 

uncertainty in, and evolution of, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights; 

potential invalidation of our intellectual property rights through administrative processes or litigation; 

any inability by us to detect infringement or other misappropriation of our intellectual property rights by third parties; and 

other practical, resource, or business limitations on our ability to enforce our rights. 

Further, the laws of certain foreign
countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not provide the same level of protection of corporate proprietary information
and assets, such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, and records, as the laws of the United States. As a result,
we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property or proprietary rights abroad. Additionally,
we may also be exposed to material risks of theft or unauthorized reverse engineering of our proprietary information and other intellectual
property, including technical data, data sets, or other sensitive information. Our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights
in such foreign countries may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, if we are unable
to prevent the disclosure of our trade secrets to third parties, or if our competitors independently develop any of our trade secrets,
we may not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could seriously harm our business. 

Litigation may be necessary to enforce
our intellectual property or proprietary rights, protect our trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights
claimed by others. Any litigation, whether or not resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us, divert the efforts
of our technical and management personnel, and result in counterclaims with respect to infringement of intellectual property rights by
us. If we are unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property or are required to incur
substantial expenses defending our intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially
adversely affected. 

26 

We may become subject to intellectual
property disputes, which are costly and may subject us to significant liability and increased costs of doing business. 

We compete in markets where there are
a large number of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual and proprietary rights, as well as disputes regarding
infringement of these rights. In addition, many of the holders of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual
and proprietary rights have extensive intellectual property portfolios and greater resources than we do to enforce their rights. As compared
to our large competitors, our patent portfolio is currently non-existent, as we are just embarking on the phases of our iHelp MAX 
devices and patents may not provide a material deterrent to such assertions or provide us with a strong basis to counterclaim or negotiate
settlements. Further, to the extent assertions are made against us by entities that hold patents but are not operating companies, our
future patent portfolio may not provide deterrence because such entities are not concerned with counterclaims. We have currently trademarked
or registered our following brands iHelp MAX , MediPendant , Wearable Health Solutions, iHelp Mini 4G and iHelp+ 3G . 

Any intellectual property litigation
to which we become a party may require us to do one or more of the following: 

cease selling, licensing, or using products or features that incorporate the intellectual property rights that we allegedly infringe, misappropriate, or violate; 

make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments, or other costs or damages, including indemnification of third parties; 

obtain a license or enter into a royalty agreement, either of which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, in order to obtain the right to sell or use the relevant intellectual property; or 

redesign the allegedly infringing products to avoid infringement, misappropriation, or violation, which could be costly, time-consuming, or impossible. 

Intellectual property litigation is
typically complex, time consuming, and expensive to resolve and would divert the time and attention of our management and technical personnel.
It may also result in adverse publicity, which could harm our reputation and ability to attract or retain customers. As we grow, we may
experience a heightened risk of allegations of intellectual property infringement. An adverse result in any litigation claims against
us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Any future litigation against
us could be costly and time-consuming to defend. 

We may become subject to legal proceedings
and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, such as claims brought by our customers in connection with commercial disputes
or employment claims made by our current or former employees. Litigation might result in substantial costs and may divert management s
attention and resources, which might seriously harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Insurance might not
cover such claims, might not provide sufficient payments to cover all the costs to resolve one or more such claims, and might not continue
to be available on terms acceptable to us (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements).
A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could result in unanticipated costs, potentially harming our business, financial
position, and results of operations. In addition, we cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions
will continue to be available on acceptable terms or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 

If we use open-source software
inconsistent with our policies and procedures or the license terms applicable to such software, we could be subject to legal expenses,
damages, or costly remediation or disruption to our business. 

We plan to use some open-source software
in our products and platform. While we plan to have policies and procedures in place governing the use of open-source software, there
is a risk that we incorporate open-source software with onerous licensing terms, including the obligation to make our source code available
for others to use or modify without compensation to us. If we receive an allegation that we have violated an open-source license, we may
incur significant legal expenses, be subject to damages, be required to redesign our product to remove the open-source software, or be
required to comply with onerous license restrictions, all of which could have a material impact on our business. Even in the absence of
a claim, if we discover the use of open-source software inconsistent with our planned policies, we could expend significant time and resources
to replace the open-source software or obtain a commercial license, if available. All of these risks are heightened by the fact that the
ownership of open-source software can be uncertain, leading to litigation, and many of the licenses applicable to open-source software
have not been interpreted by courts, and these licenses could be construed to impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability
to commercialize our products. Any use of open-source software inconsistent with our future policies or licensing terms could harm our
business and financial position. 

27 

Unfavorable conditions in our
industry or the global economy, or reductions in cloud spending, could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our
results of operations. 

Our results of operations may vary based
on the impact of changes in our industry or the global economy on us or our customers and potential customers. Negative conditions in
the general economy both in the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from changes in gross domestic product growth,
financial and credit market fluctuations, international trade relations, pandemic (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), political turmoil,
natural catastrophes, warfare, and terrorist attacks on the United States, Europe, the Asia Pacific region, Japan, or elsewhere, could
cause a decrease in business investments, including spending on cloud technologies, and negatively affect the growth of our business.
Competitors, many of whom are larger and have greater financial resources than we do, may respond to challenging market conditions by
lowering prices in an attempt to attract our customers. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown,
instability, or recovery, generally or within any particular industry. 

Our planned operations are international
in scope, creating a variety of operational challenges. 

A component of our growth strategy involves
the expansion of our operations and customer base internationally. We expect that our international activities will grow as we expand
our Medical Alarm Concept s business and as we continue to pursue opportunities in existing and new international markets, which
will require significant dedication of management attention and financial resources. 

Our current and future international
business and operations involve a variety of risks, including: 

slower than anticipated public cloud adoption by international businesses; 

changes in a specific countries or region s political, economic, or legal and regulatory environment, pandemics, tariffs, trade wars, or long-term environmental risks; 

the need to adapt and localize our platform for specific countries; 

greater difficulty collecting accounts receivable and longer payment cycles; 

unexpected changes in trade relations, regulations, or laws; 

new, evolving, and more stringent regulations relating to privacy and data security and the unauthorized use of, or access to, commercial and personal information, particularly in Asia; 

differing and potentially more onerous labor regulations; 

challenges inherent in efficiently managing, and the increased costs associated with, an increased number of employees over large geographic distances, including the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, benefits, and compliance programs that are specific to each jurisdiction; 

difficulties in managing a business in new markets with diverse cultures, languages, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, and regulatory systems; 

increased travel, real estate, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with international operations; 

currency exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue and expenses, and the cost and risk of entering into hedging transactions if we chose to do so in the future; 

limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries; 

laws and business practices favoring local competitors or general market preferences for local vendors; 

limited or insufficient intellectual property protection or difficulties obtaining, maintaining, protecting, or enforcing our intellectual property rights, including our trademarks and patents; 

political instability or terrorist activities; 

COVID-19 or any other pandemics or epidemics that could result in decreased economic activity in certain markets, decreased use of our products and services, or in our decreased ability to import, export, or sell our products and services to existing or new customers in international markets; 

exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the FCPA, U.S. bribery laws, the UK Bribery Act, and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions; 

burdens of complying with laws and regulations related to taxation; and 

regulations, adverse tax burdens, and foreign exchange controls that could make it difficult to repatriate earnings and cash. 

28 

If we invest substantial time and resources
to further expand our international operations and are unable to do so successfully and in a timely manner, our business and results of
operations will suffer. 

Changes in the economy could have a detrimental impact. 

Changes in the general economic climate,
both in the United States and internationally, could have a detrimental impact on consumer expenditure and therefore on the Company s
revenue. Recessionary pressures and other economic factors (such as declining incomes, future potential rising interest rates, higher
unemployment, and tax increases) may decrease the disposable income that customers have available to spend on products and services like
those of the Company and may adversely affect customers confidence and willingness to spend. Any of such events or occurrences
could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial results and your investment. 

We have a limited operating history, and we may not
succeed. 

The Company has a limited operating
history and there can be no assurance that the Company s proposed plan of business can be realized in the manner contemplated and,
if it cannot be, investors may lose all or a substantial part of their investment. There is no guarantee that the Company will ever realize
any significant operating revenues or that its operations will ever be profitable. 

Management s current estimates
and expectations for its prospective business operations that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties. 

Sentences or phrases that use such words
as believes, anticipates, plans, may, hopes, can, 
 will, expects, is, designed to, with the intent, potential and others
indicate forward-looking statements, but their absence does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

An investor should read this presentation
with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what the Company expects. 

Although such statements are based on
the Management s current estimates and expectations, and currently available competitive, financial, and economic data, forward-looking
statements are inherently uncertain. A variety of factors could cause business conditions and results to differ materially from what is
contained in any such forward-looking statements. Actual results from the operation of the Company may be different than the returns anticipated
by the Management and/or that these returns may not be realized in the timeframe projected by Management, if at all. 

You should further consider, among
other factors, our prospects for success considering the risks and uncertainties encountered by companies that, like us, are in their
early stages. 

For example, unanticipated expenses,
problems, and technical difficulties may occur and they may result in material delays in the operation of our business, concerning our
new products. We may not successfully address these risks and uncertainties or successfully implement our operating strategies. If we
fail to do so, it could materially harm our business to the point of having to cease operations where investors may lose their entire
investment. 

29 

The success of the Company depends
on management s abilities. 

The Company will be dependent upon the
efforts, experience, contacts, and skills of its officers and certain members of the board of directors and officers. The loss of any
such individuals could have a material, adverse effect on the Company, and such loss could occur at any time due to death, disability,
resignation, or other reasons. 

Conflicts of interest may arise
between the Board of Directors and the Company. 

Potential conflicts may exist between
the Directors and the Company. These conflicts are not limited to the following: Our Board members, of which any or all may be involved
in similar investments or have interests in similar entities, may raise capital for others, may serve on the board of other companies
that may be a conflict of interest to the Company, may hire affiliates, contractors, vendors or suppliers to provide services to the Company
on its behalf. 

Further, there is a potential for a
conflict of interest between BOAPIN.com, the Company, Mr. Mittler and Mr. Pizzino. Mr. Mittler and Mr. Pizzino are significant shareholders
in BOAPIN.com and have the ability to effect decisions over the BOAPIN.com s operations through contractual arrangements and shareholder
approvals. As, Mr. Mittler is also our Chief Executive Officer and Director, and Mr. Pizzino is also our President and Director, there
is the potential for a conflict of interest between the Company, Mr. Mittler, Mr. Pizzino and BOAPIN.com. 

Although dependent upon certain
key personnel, the Company does not have any key person life insurance policies on any such people. 

The Company is dependent upon management
to conduct its operations and execute its business plan; however, the Company has not purchased any insurance policies for those individuals
in the event of their death or disability. Therefore, should any of these key personnel, management, or founders die or become disabled,
the Company will not receive any compensation that would assist with such a person s absence. The loss of such a person could negatively
affect the Company and its operations. 

The Company has incurred and will likely incur additional
debt. 

The Company has incurred debt and will
likely further incur debt (including secured debt) in the future with the continuing operations of its business. Complying with obligations
under such indebtedness may have a material adverse effect on the Company and your investment. 

The success of our new products and services is uncertain. 

We have committed, and expect to continue
to commit, significant resources and capital to develop and market existing product enhancements and medical alert products. We cannot
assure you that we will achieve market acceptance for all our products, or of new products that we may offer in the future. 

Moreover, these new products may be
subject to significant competition with offerings by new and existing competitors. Also, new products and enhancements may pose a variety
of challenges and require us to attract additional qualified employees. The failure to successfully develop and market these new products
or enhancements could seriously harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

30 

Consequently, our results of operations
may decline quickly and significantly in response to changes in order patterns or rapid decreases in demand for our products. 

We anticipate that fluctuations in operating
results will continue in the future. The Company's operating results may vary. We may continue to incur net losses. The Company expects
to experience variability in its revenues and net profit. While we fully intend to implement our business plan, we may experience net
losses. Factors expected to contribute to this variability include, among other things: 

The general economy 

The regulatory environment affecting our products. 

Consumer demand 

Transportation costs 

Competition in products 

The Company s expenses could
increase without a corresponding increase in revenues. 

The Company s operating and other
expenses could increase without a corresponding increase in revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial results and your investment. Factors which could increase operating and other expenses include, but are not limited to (1) increases
in the rate of inflation, (2) increases in taxes and other statutory charges, (3) changes in laws, regulations or government policies
which increase the costs of compliance with such laws, regulations or policies, (4) significant increases in insurance premiums, (5) increases
in borrowing costs, and (6) unexpected increases in costs of supplies, goods, materials, construction, equipment or distribution. 

Future acquisitions or strategic investments
and partnerships could be difficult to identify and integrate with our business, disrupt our business, and adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations. 

We may seek to acquire or invest in businesses
and product lines that we believe could complement or expand our product offerings, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit
of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating,
and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not the acquisitions are completed. Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances
of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. In addition,
if an acquired business or product line fails to meet our expectations, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may
be adversely affected. 

Failure to successfully integrate acquired
businesses and their products and other assets into our Company, or if integrated, failure to further our business strategy, may result
in our inability to realize any benefit from such an acquisition. 

We expect to grow by acquiring relevant businesses,
including other PERS related businesses. The consummation and integration of any acquired business, product or other assets into our Company
may be complex and time consuming and, if such businesses and assets are not successfully integrated, we may not achieve the anticipated
benefits, cost-savings or growth opportunities. Furthermore, these acquisitions and other arrangements, even if successfully integrated,
may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose our Company to increased competition or other challenges with respect
to our products or geographic markets, and expose us to additional liabilities associated with an acquired business, technology or other
asset or arrangement. 

Our business is dependent upon
continued market acceptance by consumers. 

We are substantially dependent on continued
market acceptance of our services, and products by consumers. Although we believe that our services and products are gaining increasing
consumer acceptance, we cannot predict that this trend will continue in the future. 

The Company s computers,
website, or information system breakdown could affect the Company s business. 

The Company s computers, website,
and/or information system breakdowns, as well as cybersecurity attacks, could impair the Company s ability to service its customers
leading to reduced revenue from sales and/or reputational damage, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial
results as well as your investment. 

31 

Our prior operating results may
not be indicative of our future results. 

You should not consider prior operating
results concerning revenues, net income, or any other measure to be indicative of our future operating results. The timing and amount
of future revenues will depend almost entirely on our ability to sell our services and products to new customers. Our future operating
results will depend upon many other factors, including: 

The level of product and price competition, 

Our success in expanding our distribution network and managing our growth, 

Our ability to develop and market product enhancements and new products, 

The timing of product enhancements, activities of and acquisitions by competitors, 

The ability to hire additional qualified employees, and 

The timing of such hiring and our ability to control costs. 

Going concern risk 

The Company is an early-stage enterprise and
has commenced principal operations. The Company had revenues of 745,093 and has an accumulated deficit of 41,811,849 as of June 30,
2023. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

There can be no assurance that sufficient funds
required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will be available from external sources, such
as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash
flow from operations, or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and
would, therefore, have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any such required funds,
if available, will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company s existing
stockholders. 

The Company intends to overcome the circumstances
that impact its ability to remain a going concern through a combination of the growth of revenues, with interim cash flow deficiencies
being addressed through additional equity and debt financing. The Company anticipates raising additional funds through public or private
financing, strategic relationships, or other arrangements in the near future to support its business operations; however, the Company
may not have commitments from third parties for a sufficient amount of additional capital. The Company cannot be certain that any such
financing will be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and its failure to raise capital when needed could limit its ability to continue
its operations. The Company s ability to obtain additional funding will determine its ability to continue as a going concern. Failure
to secure additional financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial
performance, results of operations and stock price and require it to curtail or cease operations, sell off its assets, seek protection
from its creditors through bankruptcy proceedings, or otherwise. Furthermore, additional equity financing may be dilutive to the holders
of the Company s common stock, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants, and strategic relationships,
if necessary, to raise additional funds, and may require that the Company relinquish valuable rights. Please see Financial Statements
 Note 3. Going Concern for further information. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

Property 

Our mailing address is 2901 W. Coast Highway,
Suite 200, Newport Beach, CA 92663. Our main telephone number is (949) 270-7460. The Company currently pays 175 a month for its office
space and the term is month to month, with a thirty-day written notice of termination. Our website is www.wearablehealthsolutions.com
and our email address is info@wearablehealthsolutions.com. 

32 

The Company entered into a new three-year lease
agreement on September 9, 2022 for new warehouse space located in Mequon, Wisconsin. The monthly rent for this new warehouse space is
currently 1,325 per month for the first twelve months of the lease agreement. Expenditures for the years ending June 30, 2023 and 2022
are as follows: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Rent expense 
 20,350 
 16,605 

We do not own any real property or significant
assets. Management believes that this office space will meet our needs for the next 12 months. 

We do not have any investments or interests in
any real estate. We do not invest in real estate mortgages, nor do we invest in securities of, or interests in, persons primarily engaged
in real estate activities. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an
adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. 

1) Legal Proceedings Involving Aqualaro Corp 

On October 24, 2022, Aqualaro Corp.
filed a lawsuit against the Company and its transfer agent in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York. Aqualaro
sought monetary damages and an injunction to transfer 56 million shares of common stock to an individual. An amended complaint was filed
on October 26, 2022. On December 5, 2022, the Company moved to dismiss the amended complaint. On April 13, 2023, the Court granted the
Company s motion but allowed the plaintiff to refile. On April 26, 2023, a second amended complaint was filed against the Company,
adding Mr. Pizzino as a defendant. On May 8, 2023, Acqualaro filed a notice of appeal regarding the decision to dismiss the first amended
complaint. On August 3, 2023, Aqualaro filed a third amended complaint. On August 14, 2023, the Company moved to dismiss the Third Amended
Complaint. 

2) Settlement Agreements on July 21, 2023 

The Company entered into a
Settlement Agreement related to two litigations: 

- Benza Pharma, LLC, et al. v. Wearable Health Solutions, Inc., et al. in Clark County Nevada. 

- GRQ Consultants, Inc. v. Wearable Health Solutions Inc. in the Supreme Court of the State of New York. 

In the Nevada Lawsuit, the Company agreed
to settle for 345,000, with 145,000 paid upon signing and 200,000 due within 6 months. The Settlement Agreement allows for an increased
payment of 600,000 if the Second Nevada Settlement Payment isn t made within six months. 

In the New York Lawsuit, the Company
will pay 80,000, with 10,000 due upon execution of the Settlement. Payments received by the Company will be applied first to the Second
New York Payment. 

3) Medical Alarm Concepts LLC v. MCA Cure, LLC 

The Company sought the return of payments for non-performance,
attorney fees, and court costs. An initial settlement was reached where MCA Cure would pay 10,000 upfront and 6,500 monthly until the
debt was paid off in 2023. 

The defendants breached the settlement
agreement, leading to a reopened case. A judgment of 148,875.00, including punitive damages for fraud, was entered against all three
defendants on August 25th. Pre-judgment interest of 1,066.60 and costs were 

 also awarded to the plaintiffs. 

4) On October 4, 2023, Mr. Miceli
filed a breach of contact complaint in the state of Connecticut against the Company. 

Other than the aforementioned, we are not presently
a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business.
Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources
and other factors. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

33 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Common Equity and Related
Stockholder Matters 

The shares of our common stock are not currently listed for sale on any exchange, although we do plan to attempt to have our shares quoted
for sale or the OTC Bulletin Board. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in having our shares quoted or traded
on any public market. 

The following table sets forth the high and low
bid prices for our Common Stock per quarter for the past two years as reported by the OTC Markets, based on our fiscal year end June
30. These prices represent quotations between dealers without adjustment for retail markup, markdown or commission and may not represent
actual transactions. 

Fiscal Year Ended 

Bid Prices 

June 30, 
 
 Period 
 
 High 

Low 

2023 
 
 First Quarter 

.032 

0.012 

Second Quarter 

.0129 

.00034 

Third Quarter 

.009 

.002 

Fourth Quarter 

.0048 

.0006 

2022 
 
 First Quarter 

.0249 

0.0069 

Second Quarter 

.016 

.0101 

Third Quarter 

.0409 

.0068 

Fourth Quarter 

.032 

.012 

There were approximately 134 holders of record of our common stock.
This number does not include stockholders for whom shares were held in nominee or street name . 

Our transfer agent is EQ Shareowner Services,
whose address is 1110 Centre Point Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights MN 55120, telephone number is (800) 401-1957, and website is equiniti.com/us/. 

The transfer agent is registered under the Exchange
Act and operates under the regulatory authority of the SEC and FINRA. 

Record Holders 

As of June 30, 2023, there were 1,566,255,108
shares of the registrant s 0.0001 par value common stock issued and outstanding and were owned by approximately 134 holders of
record and 580,094,228 shares in the public float. 

34 

Penny Stock Regulation 

Shares of our common stock will probably be subject
to rules adopted by the SEC that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks . Penny
stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities
exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in those securities
is provided by the exchange or system). The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise
exempt from those rules, deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, which contains the following: 

a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; 

a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to violation to such duties or other requirements of securities laws; 

a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; 

a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; 

definitions of significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and 

such other information and is in such form (including language, type, size, and format), as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 

Prior to effecting any transaction in penny stock, the broker-dealer
also must provide the customer the following: 

the bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; 

the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; 

the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and 

monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. 

In addition, the penny stock rules require that
prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt
of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability
statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that
becomes subject to the penny stock rules. Holders of shares of our common stock may have difficulty selling those shares because our common
stock will probably be subject to the penny stock rules. 

Description of Registrant s Securities 

We have authorized capital stock consisting of
3,000,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Common Stock ), and no shares of preferred stock. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

The Company does not have any Equity Compensation
Plans, at this time. 

35 

Stock Options 

We have not issued and do not have outstanding
any options to purchase shares of our Common Stock. We do not have any stock option plans. 

Share Purchase Warrants 

We have not issued and do not have outstanding
any share purchase warrants to purchase shares of our Common Stock. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company
received proceeds totaling 739,500 in connection with the issuance of 170,262,500 shares of common stock. Of the total proceeds received,
 325,000 in proceeds was received from the issuance of 37,812,500 common shares that were issued under the terms of subscription agreements
at the contract price of 0.008. Proceeds of 304,500 were received from the issuance of 30,450,000 common shares that were issued under
the terms of subscription agreements at the contract price of 0.01. Proceeds of 10,000 were received from the issuance of 2,000,000
common shares that were issued under the terms of a subscription agreement at the contract price of 0.005 and proceeds of 100,000
was received from the issuance of 100,000,000 common shares that were issued under the terms of a subscription agreement at the contract
price of 0.01. These shares are yet to be issued as of June 30, 2023. 

The above securities were issued in reliance on the exemption under
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. These securities qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) since the issuance by us did not
involve a public offering. The offerings were not public offerings as defined in 4(a)(2) due to the insubstantial number
of persons involved in the transactions, manner of the issuance and number of securities issued. We did not undertake an offering in
which we sold a high number of securities to a high number of investors. In addition, the investors had the necessary investment intent
as required by Section 4(a)(2) since they agreed to and received securities bearing a legend stating that such securities are restricted
pursuant to Rule 144 of the Act. This restriction ensures that these securities would not be immediately redistributed into the market
and therefore not be part of a public offering. Based on an analysis of the above factors, we have met the requirements
to qualify for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act for these transactions. 

Repurchase of Equity Securities 

None. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business,
and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion
of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon then existing conditions, including our financial condition and results of operations,
capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects, and other factors that the board of directors considers relevant. 

36 

Section Rule 15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

The Company s shares are covered by Section
15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended that imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker/dealers who sell
such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally institutions with assets in excess of
 5,000,000 or individuals with net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouses).
For transactions covered by the Rule, the broker/dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase and have received
the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction prior to the sale. Consequently, the Rule may affect the ability of broker/dealers
to sell our securities and also may affect your ability to sell your shares in the secondary market. 

Section 15(g) also imposes additional sales practice
requirements on broker/dealers who sell penny securities. These rules require a one page summary of certain essential items. The items
include the risk of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary marketing; terms important to in understanding of
the function of the penny stock market, such as bid and offer quotes, a dealers spread and broker/dealer
compensation; the broker/dealer compensation, the broker/dealers duties to its customers, including the disclosures required by any other
penny stock disclosure rules; the customers rights and remedies in causes of fraud in penny stock transactions; and, FINRA s toll
free telephone number and the central number of the North American Administrators Association, for information on the disciplinary history
of broker/dealers and their associated persons. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements are not historical
facts but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections. We may use words such as anticipate, expect, 
 intend, plan, believe, foresee, estimate and variations of these
words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are
subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause
actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted. You should read this report completely and with the understanding
that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. The forward-looking statements included in this report are
made as of the date of this report and should be evaluated with consideration of any changes occurring after the date of this Report.
We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change in the future and we assume no obligation to update
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

37 

Results for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared
to the year ended June 30, 2022 

Working Capital 
 
 June 30, 2023 

June 30, 2022 

Cash 

136,151 

70,505 

Current Assets 

152,326 

297,409 

Current Liabilities 

3,532,317 

2,431,287 

Working Capital (Deficit) 

(3,379,991) 

(2,133,878) 

Cash Flows 
 June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 Cash Flows used in Operating Activities 
 (1,279,472 
 (3,107,177 
 
 Cash Flows used in Investing Activities 
 (9,442 
 (50,000 
 
 Cash Flows provided by Financing Activities 
 1,354,560 
 2,380,252 
 
 Net (Decrease) increase in Cash During Period 
 65,646 
 (776,925 

Operating Revenues 

The Company had revenues of 745,093 and 1,045,890
for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Revenues decreased due to cash restraints in 2023, which limited hardware activities
and abilities to scale up operations. 

Cost of Revenues 

The Company s cost of revenues for the years
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were 477,430 and 568,409, respectively. Cost of revenues decreased accordingly with the decrease in revenue. 

Gross Profit 

The Company s gross profit for the years
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were 267,663, and 477,481, respectively. Gross profit decreased accordingly with the decrease in revenue. 

Operating expenses 

Operating expenses consisted primarily of consulting
fees, professional fees, and legal and accounting expenses. For the year ended June 30, 2023, Operating expenses were 2,561,805 compared
to 13,522,061 for the year ended 2022. The primary expenses for 2023 were salaries and wages totaling 1,530,511; the primary expenses
for 2022 were salaries and wages totaling 11,375,405. 

Other Income (Expense) 

The Company had other income (expense) for the
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 of (94,325) and (4,575), respectively. Other income (expense) consisted primarily of interest expense
of 115,325 and 80,283, respectively. 

38 

Net loss 

The net loss for the year ended June 30, 2023,
was 2,388,467 compared to 13,049,155 for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern is dependent on the Company s ability to raise additional capital and implement its business plan. Since its inception,
the Company has been funded by related parties through capital investment and borrowing of funds. 

At June 30, 2023, the Company had total current
assets of 152,326 compared to 297,409 at June 30, 2022. Current assets consisted primarily of cash and prepaid inventory in 2023, and
in 2022. At June 30, 2023, the Company had total current liabilities of 3,532,317 compared to 2,431,287 at June 30, 2022. Current liabilities
consisted primarily of accounts payable, accrued liabilities, notes payable, and convertible notes payable with derivative liabilities.
The increase in our current liabilities was primarily attributed to the increase in accounts payable and notes payable. 

We had negative working capital of 3,379,991
as of June 30, 2023. 

Cash flow from Operating Activities 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, cash used
in operating activities was (1,279,472) compared to (3,107,177) for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease in the amounts of cash
used in operating activities was primarily due to decreased operating expenses and the increase of accounts payable in 2023 as compared
to 2022. 

Cash flow from Investing Activities 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, cash used
in investing activities was (9,442) compared to (50,000) for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Cash flow from Financing Activities 

For the year ended June 30, 2023, cash provided
by financing activities was 1,354,560 compared to 2,380,252 provided during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Going Concern 

We have not attained profitable operations and
are dependent upon obtaining financing to pursue any extensive business activities. For these reasons, we have included in our audited
financial statements that there is substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern without further financing. 

The Company is a going concern, which contemplates
continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

As reflected in the accompanying financial statements,
the Company had a shareholders deficit at June 30, 2023 of 3,327,613 as its liabilities exceeded its assets. These factors among
others raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

39 

The Company has not yet established an
ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs for the next fiscal year and allow it to continue as a going
concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund
operating losses until it becomes profitable. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company has a net loss of 2,388,467, and if the
Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations. 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, Company has
net cash used in operating activities of 1,279,472 as well as stock compensation non-cash expenses of 294,360 and a net loss of 2,388,467.
The Company raised 1,354,560 from financing activities in the year ended June 30, 2023, which resulted in a negative working capital
of 3,379,991 as of June 30, 2023. If the Company is unable to raise additional adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations. 

Future Financings 

We will continue to rely on equity sales of the
Company s common shares in order to continue to fund business operations. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution
to existing shareholders. There is no assurance that the Company will achieve any additional sales of the equity securities or arrange
for debt or other financing to fund our business plan of selling the iHelp MAX . 

Since inception, we have financed our cash flow
requirements through issuance of common stock and loans from third parties. As we expand our activities, we may, and most likely will,
continue to experience net negative cash flows from operations, pending receipt of revenues. Additionally, we anticipate obtaining additional
financing to fund operations through common stock offerings, to the extent available, or to obtain additional financing to the extent
necessary to augment our working capital. In the future we will need to generate sufficient revenues from sales in order to eliminate
or reduce the need to sell additional stock or obtain additional loans. There can be no assurance we will be successful in raising the
necessary funds to execute our business plan. 

We anticipate that we will incur operating losses
in the next twelve months. Our minimal operating history makes predictions of future operating results difficult to ascertain. Our prospects
must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development,
particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. Such risks for us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and unpredictable
business model and the management of growth. 

To address these risks, we must, among other things,
obtain a customer base, implement and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy, continually develop and upgrade our products,
business model and website, respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. There can be no
assurance that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so can have a material adverse effect on our business
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders. 

40 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
Leases (Topic 842), which supersedes the current accounting for leases and while retaining two distinct types of leases, finance and operating,
(1) requires lessees to record a right of use asset and a related liability for the rights and obligations associated with a lease,
regardless of lease classification, and recognize lease expense in a manner similar to current accounting, (2) eliminates most real
estate specific lease provisions, and (3) aligns many of the underlying lessor model principles with those in the new revenue standard.
Leases with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases today. For public companies,
the new standard is effective for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. For all other entities,
including emerging growth companies, this standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim
periods within fiscal years beginning after December 2020. Earlier application is permitted. The Company evaluated the impact on the financial
statements and implemented the provisions of ASU 2016-02 for the annual financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2019. 

The Company reviewed all recent accounting pronouncements
issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force), the AICPA and the SEC, and they did not or are not believed by management
to have a material impact on the Company s present or future financial statements. 

The Company has implemented all new accounting
pronouncements that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise
disclosed, and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have
a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

In the ordinary course of our business, we are
not exposed to market risk of the sort that may arise from changes in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates, or that may otherwise
arise from transactions in derivatives. 

Contingencies 

Certain conditions may exist as of the date the
financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company, but which will only be resolved when one or more future events
occur or fail to occur. The Company s management, in consultation with its legal counsel as appropriate, assesses such contingent
liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings
that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company, in consultation with legal
counsel, evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims, as well as the perceived merits of the amount of
relief sought or expected to be sought therein. If the assessment of a contingency indicates it is probable that a material loss has been
incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s financial
statements. If the assessment indicates a potentially material loss contingency is not probable, but is reasonably possible, or is probable,
but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss, if determinable
and material, would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in
which case the guarantees would be disclosed. 

Contractual Obligations 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to
provide tabular disclosure obligations. 

41 

Inflation 

Inflation and changing prices have not had a material
effect on our business and we do not expect that inflation or changing prices will materially affect our business in the foreseeable future. 

Seasonality 

Our operating results and operating cash flows
historically have not been subject to seasonal variations. This pattern may change, however, in the event that we succeed in bringing
our planned products to market. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our financial statements
and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent
basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. 

We regularly evaluate
the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. A complete summary of these policies is included
in the notes to our financial statements. In general, management s estimates are based on historical experience, on information
from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances.
Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

For purposes of reporting within the statement
of cash flows, our company considers all cash on hand, cash accounts not subject to withdrawal restrictions or penalties, and all highly
liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents. 

Revenue Recognition 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). ASU 2014-09 establishes a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting
for revenue arising from outside contracts with customers and supersedes most of the existing revenue recognition guidance and notes that
lease contracts with customers are a scope exception. ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods
or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those
goods or services and also requires certain additional disclosures. On August 12, 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14 to defer the effective
date of ASU 2014-09. Public business entities may elect to adopt the amendments as of the original effective date; however, adoption is
required for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company has adopted this pronouncement. 

42 

The Company s revenues are derived principally
from utilizing new technology in the medical alarm industry to provide 24-hour personal response monitoring services and related products
to subscribers with medical- or age-related conditions. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. For
hardware sales, the Company recognizes revenues when the product is shipped. Customers are billed on Net 30 terms. For service revenue,
the Company recognizes revenues when the time period for service is current. For customers who pay several months at a time, the Company
records revenues for the month s services and the balance of funds to deferred revenues and records the balance of revenues as they
become current. 

Share-based Compensation 

Our company follows the provisions of FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 718, Share-Based Payment which requires all share-based payments to employees,
including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. Equity instruments issued
to non-employees for goods or services are accounted for at either the fair market value of the goods and services rendered or on the
instruments issued in exchange for such services, whichever is more readily determinable, using the measurement date guidelines enumerated
in ASC 505-50-30. 

Loss per Common Share 

Basic loss per share is computed by dividing the
net loss attributable to the common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.
Fully diluted loss per share is computed similar to basic loss per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number
of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common
shares were dilutive. As our company has a loss for the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022 the potentially dilutive shares are anti-dilutive
and therefore they are not added into the earnings per share calculation. 

Income Taxes 

Our company accounts for income taxes pursuant
to ASC 740. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the bases of certain assets and
liabilities for income tax and financial reporting purposes. The deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified according to the financial
statement classification of the assets and liabilities generating the differences. Our company maintains a valuation allowance with respect
to deferred tax assets. Our company establishes a valuation allowance based upon the potential likelihood of realizing the deferred tax
asset and taking into consideration our financial position and results of operations for the current year. Future realization of the deferred
tax benefit depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carry forward year under the Federal tax laws. Changes in
circumstances, such as our company generating taxable income, could cause a change in judgment about the realization of the related deferred
tax asset. Any change in the valuation allowance will be included in income in the year of the change in estimate. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting
Standards Codification (ASC) 820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (ASC 820) defines fair value as the exchange price
that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the
asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value
hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources
(observable inputs) and (2) a reporting entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best
information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives
the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority
to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below: 

43 

Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included
within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets
or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs
other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally
from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 

Level 3 - Inputs that are both significant to
the fair value measurement and unobservable. Our company estimates the fair value of financial instruments using the available market
information and valuation methods. Considerable judgment is required in estimating fair value. Accordingly, the estimates of fair value
may not be indicative of the amounts our company could realize in a current market exchange. As of June 30, 2023, and 2022, the carrying
value of accounts payable and loans that are required to be measured at fair value, approximated fair value due to the short-term nature
and maturity of these instruments. 

Patent and Intellectual Property 

Our company expenses the costs associated with
obtaining a patent or other intellectual property purchased for research and development and has no alternative future use. For the periods
ended June 30, 2023, and 2022, no events or circumstances occurred for which an evaluation of the alternative future use of patent or
intellectual property was required. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

Our company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived
assets and the related estimated remaining lives when events or circumstances lead management to believe that the carrying value of an
asset may not be recoverable. For the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022, no events or circumstances occurred for which an evaluation
of the recoverability of long-lived assets was required. 

Estimates 

The consolidated financial statements are prepared
on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

Contractual Obligations 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

44 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data 

Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. 

Index to Financial Statements 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 2023
 (PCABO No. 587) 
 
 47 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 2022 (PCAOB No. 5036) 
 
 48 
 
 Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 49 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 50 
 
 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 51 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 53 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 54 

45 

New York Office: 

805 Third Avenue 

 New York, NY 10022 

 212.838-5100 

 www.rbsmllp.com 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and the related consolidated statements
operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023, and the consolidated results of its operations and its
cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The
Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and will require additional capital
to continue as a going concern. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect
the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters
are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2)
involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

October 20, 2023 
 PCAOB ID Number 

46 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2022, and the related consolidated statement of operations,
changes in shareholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2022, and the consolidated related notes (collectively
referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2022, and the consolidated results of its operations and its
cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph- Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company
had a working capital deficit and shareholders' deficit of 2,133,878 and 2,092,227, respectively, as of June 30, 2022. The Company has
net losses of 13,049,155 and net cash used in operations of 3,107,177, for the year ended June 30, 2022, respectively. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans regarding these matters are also
described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

We did not identify any critical audit matters that need to be communicated. 

/s/ Assurance Dimensions 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

 Margate, Florida 

 October 13, 2022 

47 

Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 As at June 30, 2023 and 2022 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Due from related parties 

Accounts receivable, other 

Inventory 

Prepaid inventory 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment 

Right-of-use assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Short-term lease liability 

Related party debt, net 

Deferred revenue 

Line of credit 

Notes payable 

Notes payable - other 

Notes payable - related party 

Convertible notes - Leonite 

Convertible notes - other 

Stock subscription liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-term lease liability 

Total Liabilities 

SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock: par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of both June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock: par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of both June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Series C Preferred Stock: par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Series D Preferred Stock: par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of both June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Series E Preferred Stock: par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively 

Common stock: par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Common stock to be issued and shares as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders' Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Deficit 

The footnotes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

48 

Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 For the Year Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling expense 

Depreciation 

Research and development expense 

Consulting and professional fees 

Insurance 

Rent 

Salaries and wages 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income / (expense), net 

Other income 

Interest income 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

Gain on settlement of accounts payable 

Change in fair value of derivative instrument 

Interest expense 

Total other income (expense), net 

Net loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net loss 

Net loss per common share - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

The footnotes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

49 

Wearable Healthcare Solutions, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Series
 A 
 Series
 B 
 Series
 C 
 Series
 D 
 Series
 E 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 

Balance at June 30, 2021 

Loss for the period 

Common stock for debt conversion 

Issuance of Shares for Cash 

Common stock for compensation 

Common stock for officer compensation 

Preferred stock for compensation 

Stock for services 

Shares sold for cash 

Subscriptions receivable 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Loss for the period 

Common stock for compensation 

Common stock for officer compensation 

Shares issued for services 

Commitment shares - Leonite convertible notes 

Shares sold for cash 

Fees incurred in connection with equity offering 

Payment of subscription receivable 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

(continued) 

50 

Series
 E to be issued 
 Common
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock to be issued 
 Additional
 Paid in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total
 Shareholders' Deficit 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 

Balance at June 30, 2021 

Loss for the period 

Common stock for debt conversion 

Issuance of Shares for Cash 

Common stock for compensation 

Common stock for officer compensation 

Preferred stock for compensation 

Stock for services 

Shares sold for cash 

Subscriptions receivable 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Loss for the period 

Common stock for compensation 

Common stock for officer compensation 

Shares issued for services 

Commitment shares - Leonite convertible notes 

Shares sold for cash 

Fees incurred in connection with equity offering 

Payment of subscription receivable 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

The footnotes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

51 

Wearable Healthcare Solutions, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

 For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flow from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustment for non-cash charges and other items: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs 

Amortization of debt discount 

Stock compensation expense 

Change in fair value of derivative instrument 

Gain on settlement of accounts payable 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

Total adjustments 

Changes in working capital 

Decrease / (increase) in accounts receivables 

Decrease / (increase) in inventory 

Decrease / (increase) in prepaid inventory 

Decrease / (increase) in prepaid expenses 

(Decrease) / increase in trade and other payables 

(Decrease) / increase in accrued expenses 

(Decrease) / increase in accrued expenses - related party 

(Decrease) / increase in deferred revenue 

Total changes in working capital 

Cash flow used in operating activities 

Cash flow used in investing activities 

Purchase of property, plant equipment 

Cash flow used in investing activities 

Cash flow provided by financing activities 

Proceeds received from related parties 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes 

Repayments of note payable 

Proceeds from issuance of stock (net of subscriptions receivable) and stock subscription liability 

Fees incurred in connection with equity offering 

Cash flow from financing activities 

Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid during the periods for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

The footnotes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

52 

WEARABLE HEALTHCARE SOLUTIONS INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

and in
accounts receivables net of allowances of 
and 
at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Service revenue 

TOTAL REVENUES 

ASC 740, Income Taxes, requires a company to first
determine whether it is more likely than not (which is defined as a likelihood of more than fifty percent) that a tax position will be
sustained based on its technical merits as of the reporting date, assuming that taxing authorities will examine the position and have
full knowledge of all relevant information. A tax position that meets this more-likely-than-not threshold is then measured and recognized
at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely to be realized upon effective settlement with a taxing authority. 

The Federal and state income tax returns of the
Company for 2023, 2022 and 2021 are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities for three (3)
years from the date filed. 

and during the
fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Basic and Diluted Loss per Common Share - Basic
loss per common share excludes dilution and is computed by dividing loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the period of computation. Diluted loss per share gives effect to all potential dilutive common shares
outstanding during the period of compensation. Diluted income (loss) per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities
or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that
would then share in the net income of the Company, subject to anti-dilution limitations. 

Series B Convertible 

Series C Convertible 

Series D Convertible 

Series E Convertible 

Because the Company incurred losses for the past
two years, the basic and diluted share bases will be presented as the same. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred
losses of 0.00156) and 0.01202) per basic share and diluted share, respectively. 

 and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, Company has
net cash used in operating activities of as well as stock compensation non-cash expenses of and a net loss of .
The Company raised from financing activities in the year ended June 30, 2023, which resulted in a negative working capital
of as of June 30, 2023. If the Company is unable to raise additional adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations. 

Management believes that the Company s capital
requirements will depend on many factors, including the success of the Company s development efforts and its efforts to raise capital.
Management also believes the Company needs to raise additional capital for working capital purposes. There can be no assurance that the
Company will be able to obtain the additional capital resources necessary to implement its business plan or that any assumptions relating
to its business plan will prove accurate. 

These factors raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be
necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Prepaid inventory 

in furnishings, 
in office computers and equipment, and capitalized software development costs of which are fully depreciated. On August 30, 2021,
the Company purchased its dealer portal for for internal use, amortized over months. On September 26, 2022, the Company purchased
used furniture for for office, amortized over months. 

As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the Company
recorded and 
 in net Property, Plant, and Equipment, respectively: 

Office computers, equipment, software 

Software development costs 

Dealer portal 

Furniture 

Property, plant, and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Net property, plant, and equipment 

Depreciation expense was 12,404 and 8,349 for
the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 respectively. 

and directly related to operating costs, including credit cards used in operations, as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
are expenses that have been incurred but not yet paid and primarily include legal fees, audit fees, and other professional fees, as well
as interest accrued in connection with credit lines and notes payable. The Company recorded and in accrued expenses
and other current liabilities as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Notes payable - Reg A deposits 

Short term bridge loan 

Total Notes Payable 

Notes Payable - Subsidiary 

The Company has various loans and credit lines
outstanding. The credit line carries an interest rate of . The bank loans carry interest rates varying between . 

On Deck Loan 

Susquehanna Salt Loan 

Prosper Loans 

Marcus Loan 

Notes payable - subsidiary 

Short term bridge loan - COHEN 

On July 31, 2020, the Company secured a 
short term bridge loan from an unaffiliated individual COHEN ), 12 interest, due and payable October 20, 2020. The loan
is currently in default and continues to accrue interest at . 

At June 30, 2021, the Company recorded short term
note payable of , expensed in interest and accrued the same in interest liability for the year ended June 30, 2021. On
August 19, 2021, the Company repaid of principal. In November 2021, the Company repaid an additional in principal. 

At June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded
a short term note payable of , respectively. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company expensed and 
in interest, respectively. Accrued interest payable as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

Note payable stock purchases under
Reg A 

At
June 30, 2023 and 2022 the Company has recorded 
and 
in notes payable for stock purchases under Reg A, respectively. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. the Company recorded
interest expense of 
and ,
respectively. The accrued interest payable at June, 2023 and 2022 was 
and ,
respectively. These notes are included in the Notes payable total on the Company s balance sheet. 

Note Payable Other 

In November 2016, the Company secured a 
loan from a party related to a former CEO of the company, the note bearing interest, maturing after a successful money raise of 
through the acquisition of convertible notes payable (See BENZA, D2CF). The 1,000,000 fundraising was never completed, and the Company
has been accruing interest on the original principal amount at 4 since inception. The Company has filed suit for damages resulting from
the party, and the party has filed a countersuit. There has been no resolution to this situation, and we continue to accrue interest at
the face amount. 

During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, accrued interest payable was 
and , respectively. 

Convertible note payable BENZA,
D2CF 

On March 1, 2016 and March 3, 2016, the Company
closed a private placement of debt and received an aggregate of by issuing B2CF and BENZA unsecured convertible notes convertible notes and warrants to two investors, net of original issue discount of 61,250
per the subscription agreements, maturity at March 1, 2017 and March 3, 2017, respectively, bearing 0 interest and 18 default interest.
The notes are currently in default, and all outstanding warrants have expired. 

On July 21, 2023, the Company entered into settlement
agreements with the principals of the company. In the Nevada Lawsuit (see Note 10), the Company agreed to settle for 345,000, with 145,000
paid upon signing and 200,000 due within 6 months. The Settlement Agreement allows for an increased payment of 600,000 if the Second
Nevada Settlement Payment isn t made within six months. In the New York Lawsuit (see Note 10), the Company will pay 80,000, with
 10,000 due upon execution of the Settlement. Payments received by the Company will be applied first to the Second New York Payment. 

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company reported
 and in convertible notes payable, respectively. 

Convertible note payable - Leonite Capital,
LLC 

2022 Note 

On December
5, 2022, the Company received on
issuing the first tranche of senior
secured convertible note Leonite 2022 Convertible Note from Leonite, net of an original issue discount of .
The term of the convertible note is fifteen months from the date of closing and matures on . The Company is required to only pay interest expense on a monthly basis
for the first six months of the term. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company accrued of
interest expense related to the convertible notes. As of June 30, 2023, the company reported 246,148 as Convertible notes Leonite
payable. 

The
Company will begin making nine equal amortization payments of commencing
in the month of July 2023. The Company is required to issue commitment
shares valued at to
Leonite of which was
charged to common stock to be issued. In addition, the Company also paid Leonite for
legal fees incurred by Leonite related to this transaction. The commitment shares and the legal fees have been recorded as deferred
debt issuance costs totaling .
The Company amortized 
of the deferred debt issuance costs during the year ended June 30, 2023, and the Company also amortized of
the original issue discount during the year ended June 30, 2023. The Leonite Convertible Note bears annual interest at the greater
of 
or the Prime Rate plus three percent (3 ). The Leonite Convertible Note is convertible into shares of the Company s common
stock at a conversion price equal to per
share with anti-dilution features. 

2019 Note 

On November 19, 2019, the Company, together with
Hypersoft Ventures (collectively, the Borrower ), received on issuing the first tranche of (prorated original
issue discount of of a unsecured convertible note Leonite Convertible Note from Leonite Capital, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company Leonite ), net of an aggregate original issue discount of up to 77,778. The Leonite
Convertible Note bears annual interest at the Prime Rate plus eight percent (8 ), not to exceed twelve percent (12 per annum, computed
on a 365/360 basis, and is due nine months from the date of issuance. The Leonite Convertible Note is convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price equal to 0.02 per share with anti-dilution features. In connection with its purchase of the Leonite
Convertible Note, the Company issued to Leonite shares of common stock, prorated for the initial tranche. On June 4, 2021, the
Company and Leonite amended the convertible note to which included interest and penalties and extended the due date to June 4,
2023. 

The Company has determined that the conversion
feature embedded in the Leonite Convertible Note constitutes a derivative and has been bifurcated from the Leonite Convertible Note and
recorded as a derivative liability, with a corresponding discount recorded to the associated debt, on the accompanying balance sheet,
and revalued to fair market value at each reporting period. The initial issuance yielded a derivative liability of 94,225, with a discount
of 150,000 to be amortized over the 9-month life of the Leonite Convertible Note. 

Significant assumptions used in calculating fair
value of conversion feature of Leonite Convertible Note at issuance date are as follows. 

On June 4, 2021, the Company and Leonite renegotiated
the convertible note for two years, face value of 260,000. At June 30, 2021, the Company recorded 281,845 in derivative liabilities. 

On July 29, 2021, Leonite converted in
debt plus in fees to shares, and on August 27, 2021, Leonite converted and in fees to shares. 

On October 6, 2021, Leonite converted 
in debt and interest plus in fees to shares, and on October 26, 2021, Leonite converted the remaining balance of 
in debt and interest, and in fees, to shares, collectively resulting in a gain on debt extinguishment. 

Accrued interest 

Leonite Convertible Note converted 

Total 

Less: debt discount 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

The resulting derivative valuation is calculated as follows: 

Change in fair value 

Write off due to conversions 

Gain on extinguishment 

Derivative as of June 30, 2022 

Significant assumptions used in calculating fair
value of conversion feature of Leonite convertible Note as of June 30, 2022 are as follows. 

Credit line MediPendant New York
Inc. 

On September 30, 2014, the subsidiary received
a line of credit with Medi Pendant New York, Inc. MNY). Under the original terms of the line of credit agreement, the Company
was able to borrow up to with the rate of interest of per annum. The maturity date of the line of credit was with a one-year extension to September 30, 2018. On January 31, 2015, the limit on the line of credit was increased to with
the same interest rate and due date, in consideration of the Company s issuance of shares of common stock to one of the
owners of MNY, which was memorialized on October 20, 2015. Interest accrued of and were accrued as of June 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the balance due on the line of credit was and , respectively. 

Debt settlement On Deck, Susquehanna,
MCA Cure 

In 2019, our subsidiary engaged MCA CURE to negotiate
settlements with two creditors: On Deck and Susquehanna Salt, noted in the table above. The Company ceased paying the loan payments and
paid to MCA Cure in 2019 and in 2020, at which point the Company was contacted and MCA Cure assured they had enough funds
to negotiate with the creditors. In 2020, the Company discovered MCA Cure had not performed when bank accounts were levied for 33,705
by the creditors. 18,705 was subsequently refunded by the collection firm. On September 30, 2020, the bank accounts were again levied
for additional funds. Currently the Company has a settlement agreement in place with Susquehanna Salt Loan, and has booked a reserve against
the funds paid to MCA Cure. The Company has hired an attorney and is making every effort to recover funds and damages from MCA
Cure. To date, there has been no resolution to the situation. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded - - and - - in prepaid
fund to MCA Cure, and and in indebtedness to On Deck. The Company negotiated a settlement with Susquehanna Salt for
the loan balance, and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded indebtedness to Susquehanna Salt of and , respectively. 

shares
of preferred stock, par value of . 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock :
The Company is currently authorized to issue up to 100,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share,
convertible at a ratio of 1 share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for 2 shares of common stock. These shares have no voting rights.
As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, 688 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock :
The Company is currently authorized to issue up to 62,500 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share,
convertible at a ratio of 1 share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock for 2 shares of common stock. These shares have voting rights
and vote on an as converted basis in actions required to have Series B Preferred Stockholder approval. As of June 30, 2023
and 2022, 9,938 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Series C Convertible Preferred Stock :
The Company is currently authorized to issue up to 6,944,445 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share,
convertible at a ratio of 1 share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock for 10 shares common stock. These shares have voting rights
and vote on an as converted basis on all matters submitted to our Stockholders for approval. 

The Company issued 6,700,003 shares for the BOAPIN
asset purchase; these shares were issued on September 1, 2020. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, 6,838,889 shares of Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Series D Convertible Preferred Stock : 
The Company is currently authorized to issue up to 500,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share,
convertible at a ratio of 1 share of Series D Convertible Preferred stock for 10 shares of common stock. These shares have voting rights
and vote on an as converted basis in actions required to have Series D Preferred Stockholder approval. As of June 30, 2023
and 2022, 425,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Series E Convertible Preferred Stock : 
The Company is currently authorized to issue up to 4,000,000 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share,
convertible at a ratio of 1 share of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock for 100 shares of common stock. Each of these shares carries
a voting right equivalent to 10,000 shares of common stock. The Company may not issue any other shares with extended voting rights. 

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, shares
of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Common Stock : 

The Company is currently authorized to issue 
shares of common stock, par value of per share. 

During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company 

issued a total of 409,650,000 shares of common stock
 for a total value of 6,556,845 resulting in an average price of 0.016 per share, 

issued 66,418,431 for 260,000 in debt, 9,954 in
 interest, and 9,000 in fees, valued at 677,707, which represents the fair value of shares issued, 

issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock for services, valued at
 48,300 or 0.0161 per share, 

sold 360,000,000 shares of common stock to unaffiliated
 individuals and groups at 0.01 under the Reg A filing, of which 10,000,000 are yet to be issued, 

accrued 7,262,500 shares of common stock for officer s
 compensation and bonuses, valued at 104,126 or 0.0143 shares, and 

accrued 6,840,000 shares of common stock for employee
 compensation and bonuses, valued at 88,551 or 0.0129 shares. 

All shares were recorded at the stock price of
the date of agreement or grant. 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company 

issued shares of common stock to its officers as compensation (of which 8,825,000 shares were
granted in a prior period), valued at or .0129 per share; 
 
 issued shares of common stock to its employees as compensation, valued at or 0.0129
per share; 
 
 issued shares of common stock to its investors, valued at or 0.0085 per share; 
 
 issued shares of common stock for services, valued at or 0.0082 per share. 

All shares were recorded at the stock price of
the date of agreement or grant. 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company
also recorded shares to be issued of to its officers as compensation, valued at or .0067 per share, and shares to
be issued of to an employee as compensation, valued at or 0.0100 per share. In addition, the Company recorded commitment
shares to be issued of 15,000,000 valued at 49,936 or 0.0033 per share to Leonite Capital LLC in connection with the issuance of convertible
notes on December 5, 2022. All shares were recorded at the stock price of the date of agreement or grant. 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the
Company received proceeds totaling in connection with the issuance of shares of common stock and shares to be
issued. Of the total proceeds received, in proceeds was received from the issuance of common shares that were
issued under the terms of subscription agreements at the contract price of 0.008. Proceeds of were received from the
issuance of common shares that were issued under the terms of subscription agreements at the contract price of 0.01.
Proceeds of were received from the issuance of common shares that were issued under the terms of a subscription
agreement at the contract price of 0.005 and proceeds of was received from the issuance of common shares that
were issued under the terms of a subscription agreement at the contract price of 0.01. These shares are yet to be issued as of June
30, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, these proceeds included 249,500 in subscriptions for which 24,950,000 shares will be issued in the
second quarter of 2023. This amount is included in stock subscription liability on the consolidated balance sheet. 

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had
 and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

and , respectively. During the year ended June 3023 and 2023, the Company recorded interest expense
of and , respectively. The accrued interest balance at June 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

Related party debt 

From time to time, the Company received funds
from related parties for day-to-day operations. These are short-term loans which bear no interest, and the Company expects to repay these
loans by the end of the fiscal year following the year in which the short-term loan was made. 

At June 30, 2022, the Company had a receivable
from certain management employees totaling 155,800. The total receivable balance was subsequently collected by the Company on September
27, 2022. 

Due from related parties 

Accrued salaries, bonus, fees 

Total loans from related parties, net 

Settlement agreement with former officer 

On May 10,
2023, the Company entered into a severance and settlement agreement with Jennifer Loria, the Company s former Chief Operating Officer
of its wholly-owned subsidiary Medical Alarm Concepts LLC. The severance and settlement agreement includes payments totaling for
accrued bonus which will be paid in seven (7) monthly installments at per installment. In addition, the Company will also pay severance
of over a three (3) month period of 5,000 per month and in legal fees also payable in three monthly installments of .
Lastly, the Company will reimburse Ms. Loria on a monthly basis for her medical insurance premiums for a period of twelve months which
approximates in aggregate for the twelve months. 

If the assessment of a contingency indicates that
it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would
be accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not
probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate
of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered remote are generally
not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon
information available at this time that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results
of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s
business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. 

Office lease 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
Leases (Topic 842), which supersedes the current accounting for leases and while retaining two distinct types of leases, finance and operating,
(1) requires lessees to record a right of use asset and a related liability for the rights and obligations associated with a lease, regardless
of lease classification, and recognize lease expense in a manner similar to current accounting, (2) eliminates most real estate specific
lease provisions, and (3) aligns many of the underlying lessor model principles with those in the new revenue standard. Leases with a
term of 12 months or less will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases today. For public companies, the new
standard is effective for annual and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. For all other entities, including
emerging growth companies, this standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods
within fiscal years beginning after December 2020. 

The Company maintains its corporate office at
2901 W. Coast Highway, Suite 200, Newport Beach, CA 92663. The Company currently pays 175 a month for its office space and the term
is month-to-month. The Company s subsidiary maintained a warehouse office in Pennsylvania to facilitate inventory arrival and product
shipment. The three-year lease at 1,100 per month expired on September 30, 2021, and was renewed for 12 months at 1,300 per month beginning
October 1, 2021 and expiring on September 30, 2022. The subsidiary subsequently entered into a month-to-month arrangement with this office
warehouse and then terminated the arrangement and vacated the facility as of December 31, 2022. The Company entered into a new three-year
lease agreement on September 9, 2022 for new warehouse space located in Mequon, Wisconsin. The monthly rent for this new warehouse space
is currently per month for the first twelve
months of the lease agreement. Expenditures for the year ending June 30, 2023 and 2022 are as follows: 

The Company leased a fulfillment center in the
U.S., which was classified as an operating lease which subsequently expired on September 30, 2022. The Company determines if an arrangement
qualifies as a lease at the lease inception. Operating lease liabilities are recorded based on the present value of the future lease payments
over the lease term, assessed as of the commencement date. The Company s real estate leases, which are for a fulfillment center,
generally have a lease term between 3 and 5 years. The Company s leases are comprised of fixed lease payments
and also include executory costs such as common area maintenance, as well as property insurance and property taxes. The Company has elected
to account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for its real estate leases. Lease payments, which may include
lease components and non-lease components, are included in the measurement of the Company s lease liabilities to the extent that
such payments are either fixed amounts or variable amounts based on a rate or index (fixed in substance) as stipulated in the lease contract.
Any actual costs in excess of such amounts are expensed as incurred as variable lease cost. 

The Company s lease agreements generally
do not specify an implicit borrowing rate, and as such, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate by lease term, in order to
calculate the present value of the future lease payments. The discount rate represents a risk-adjusted rate on a secured basis, and is
the rate at which the Company would borrow funds to satisfy the scheduled lease liability payment streams commensurate with the lease
term. The Company s lease agreement for its warehouse space located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania expired on September 30, 2022.
The Company has terminated the month-to-month arrangement and has vacated the warehouse located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania as of
December 31, 2022. As a result, the Company entered into a new three-year lease agreement on September 9, 2022 for new warehouse space
located in Mequon, Wisconsin. The monthly rent which commenced in September 2022 is per month and increases approximately annually
thereafter. The discount rate used was determined based on the available data as of the lease commencement date. The Right-of-use ROU asset value added as a result of this new lease agreement was . The Company s ROU asset and lease liability accounts reflect
the inclusion of this new lease agreement on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2023. 

Certain of the Company s lease agreements,
primarily related to real estate, include options for the Company to either renew (extend) or early terminate the lease. Leases with renewal
options allow the Company to extend the lease term typically between and years. Renewal options are reviewed at lease commencement
to determine if such options are reasonably certain of being exercised, which could impact the lease term. When determining if a renewal
option is reasonably certain of being exercised, the Company considers several factors, including but not limited to, significance of
leasehold improvements incurred on the property, whether the asset is difficult to replace, or specific characteristics unique to the
particular lease that would make it reasonably certain that the Company would exercise such option. In most cases, the Company has concluded
that renewal and early termination options are not reasonably certain of being exercised by the Company (and thus not included in the
Company s ROU asset and lease liability) unless there is an economic, financial or business reason to do so. 

For the year ended
June 30, 2023, total operating lease cost was 
and is recorded in general and administrative expenses, dependent on the nature of the leased asset. The operating lease cost is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The following summarizes (i) the future minimum undiscounted lease payments
under non-cancellable lease for each of the next four years and thereafter, incorporating the practical expedient to account for
lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for our existing real estate leases, (ii) a reconciliation of the
undiscounted lease payments to the present value of the lease liabilities recognized, and (iii) the lease-related account balances
on the Company s consolidated balance sheet, as of June 30, 2023: 

2025 

July August 2025 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total present value of future minimum lease payments 

As of June 30, 2023 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Accrued lease liability 

Long-term lease liability 

As of June 30, 2023 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term 
 years

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

. In 2020, the Company discovered MCA Cure had not performed when
bank accounts were levied for 33,705 and 18,705, being subsequently refunded, and engaged an attorney to recover funds. Currently the
Company has a settlement agreement in place with Susquehanna Salt Loan and has hired an attorney to recover funds and damages from MCA
Cure. In February 2022, a settlement was reached with MCA Cure for fees and attorney costs of , amortized at 1.5 , by which the
Company would receive an initial payment of 10,000, and 6,500 monthly until the debt is satisfied, with stipulations for
any potential default. See Note 10 for further update. 

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company has recorded
 and to other income, respectively. 

PA state corporate tax 

Less valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

The significant components of deferred tax assets
and liabilities are as follows, expiring in 2024 and 2025, on net operating losses of 
 and for fiscal years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively: 

Less valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset - net valuation allowance 

The valuation allowance increased by 648,964
for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Uncertain Tax Positions. The Company did
not take any uncertain tax positions and had no adjustments to unrecognized income tax liabilities or benefits pursuant to the provisions
of Section 740-10-25 for the years ended June 30, 2023 or 2022. 

71 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

In connection with the preparation of this annual
report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was carried out by the Company s management, who also serves as the Chief Executive Officer/Chief
Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act )) as of June 30, 2023. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
Based on the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer concluded disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of June 30, 2023. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Company s Board
of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

The Company s management assessed the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. In making this assessment, it used the criteria
set forth in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). Based on its assessment, management concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, the Company s internal control over financial reporting
is not effective based on those criteria due to the material weaknesses as described below. 

72 

The matters involving internal controls and procedures
that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were inadequate
segregation of duties consistent with control objectives, and lack of an audit committee and limited expertise with complex debt and equity
transactions. These material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Financial Officer in connection with the above annual evaluation. 

Management s Remediation Initiatives 

In an effort to remediate the identified material
weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: 

We will create a position to segregate duties
consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting
function when funds are available to us. And we plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed
to an audit committee resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring
of required internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management when funds are
available to us. 

Management believes that the appointment of more
outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee
and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board. 

We will work as quickly as possible to implement
these initiatives; however, the lack of adequate working capital and positive cash flow from operations will likely slow this implementation. 

Changes in Internal Control 

As of the end of the period covered by this report,
there have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the
year ended June 30, 2023, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC
that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

Resignation of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

On April 4, 2023, Assurance
Dimensions, Inc. (the Auditor) informed Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. (the Company of their formal resignation
as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

73 

The accounting reports
of the Auditor on the Company s consolidated financial statements for fiscal years FY ended June 30, 2021 2021 and June 30, 2022 2022 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified
as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principle, except that each report on the Company s consolidated financial statements
contained an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern based on the Company s significant
working capital deficiency, significant losses and needs to raise additional funds in FY ended 2021 and 2022. 

During FY ended 2021
and 2022 and the subsequent interim period through April 4, 2023, the effective date of the Auditors dismissal, there were (i) no disagreements
(as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) between the Company and the Auditor on
any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which, if not resolved
to the satisfaction of the Auditors would have caused the Auditor to make reference thereto in its reports on the consolidated financial
statements of the Company for such years, and (ii) no reportable events (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of
Regulation S-K). 

The Company provided
the Auditor a copy of this Report prior to its filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and requested
the Auditor to furnish the Company with a letter addressed to the SEC, stating whether or not it agrees with the statements made in this Item
4.01. A copy of the Auditor s letter dated May 8, 2023, confirming its agreement with the disclosures in this Item 4.01 is
attached as Exhibit 16.1 to our current report on Form 8-K that was filed on May 8, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

New Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

On April 27, 2023, the
Company engaged RBSM, LLP RBSM as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, effective April,
27, 2022 (the Engagement Date ). The Company s Board of Directors approved the engagement with RBSM on April, 27, 2022. 

During the two most recent
fiscal years and through the Engagement Date, the Company did not consult with RBSM regarding either: 

1. application of accounting principles to any specified transaction,
either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements, and neither
a written report was provided to the Company nor oral advice was provided that RBSM concluded was an important factor considered by the
Company in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue; or 
 
 2. any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined
in Regulation S-K, Item 304(a)(1) (iv) and the related instructions) or reportable event (as defined in Regulation S-K, Item 304(a)(1)(v)). 

74 

Part III 

Item 10. Director and Executive Officer 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth information regarding
our executive officers, directors, and significant employees, including their ages as of June 30, 2023. 

As of June 30, 2023, Wearable Health
Solutions, Inc. had five full-time employees, and no part-time employees. The directors and executive officers of the Company as of
June 30, 2023, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Age 
 
 Date of Appointment 
 
 Approx. Hours Per Week 
 
 Harrysen Mittler 
 
 CEO, Director 
 
 71 
 
 12.6.2019 
 
 40 
 
 Peter Pizzino 
 
 President, Director 
 
 48 
 
 12.6.2019 
 
 40 
 
 Eric Sherb 
 
 CFO 
 
 37 
 
 7.27.2023 
 
 40 

Harrysen Mittler, Age 71 : Harrysen Mittler
has over thirty years of experience in corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, business administration and commerce. He served in
the audit division of Deloitte Haskins and Sells, the predecessor to Deloitte Touche LLP. Mr. Mittler from 2016 to 2020, served
as Chairman, CEO and CFO of Pacific Software Inc. a public company, (symbol PFSF) as a designer, developer and acquirer of enterprise
solutions in the emerging e-commerce technology sectors. He served as director and CFO of Nortia Capital Partners Inc., a publicly traded
merchant banking company, as well as for Autoworks International Ltd. a company quoted on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 

Peter Pizzino, Age 48 : Peter
Pizzino had a career in the securities and investment industry with financial experience spanning over 25 years. Since 2015, Mr. Pizzino
held positions in Capital Markets at Spartan Capital, then with J. Streicher Capital on the New York Stock Exchange Floor where he financed
both public and private client companies. He later, in 2018, served as president of Pacific Software Inc, PFSF on the OTC Markets, which
is a software development and acquisition company, where he helped develop a commodities trade platform for the international markets.
Mr. Pizzino extensive international business and Non-Profit experience. He studied Finance and held several securities licenses. 

Eric Sherb
Age 37 . Mr. Sherb, graduated with a BBA from Emory University in Accounting and Finance. He is a CPA with over 15 years
experience in accounting advisory, auditing and mergers and acquisitions. Over the last five years Mr. Sherb has been the owner of EMS
Consulting Services, LLC, where he specializes in accounting advisory and outsourcing CFO services for startups and small companies. Mr. Sherb
has extensive experience in financial reporting for pre-revenue startups to large public entities, including bookkeeping, consolidation,
SEC reporting, financial statement preparation and analysis, management and investor reporting, financial modeling and audit and IPO readiness. 

75 

None of our officers or directors in the last
five years has been the subject of any conviction in a criminal proceeding or named as a defendant in a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
traffic violations and other minor offenses), the entry of an order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
by a court of competent jurisdiction that permanently or temporarily enjoined, barred, suspended or otherwise limited such person s
involvement in any type of business, securities, commodities, or banking activities; a finding or judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction
(in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or a state securities regulator
of a violation of federal or state securities or commodities law, which finding or judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated;
or the entry of an order by a self-regulatory organization that permanently or temporarily barred, suspended or otherwise limited such
person s involvement in any type of business or securities activities. 

There are no family relationships among and between
our directors, officers, persons nominated or chosen by the Company to become directors or officers, or beneficial owners of more than
five percent (5 of the any class of the Company s equity securities. 

Significant Employees 

Other than the foregoing named officers and directors,
we have five full-time employees whose services are materially significant to our business and operations who are employed at will
by Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between any
of our directors, executive officers and proposed directors or executive officers. 

Term of Office 

Directors are appointed to hold office until the
next annual meeting of our stockholders or until a successor is elected and qualified, or until they resign or are removed in accordance
with the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes. Officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until removed by
the Board. The Board of Directors has no nominating, auditing, or compensation committees. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years no director, executive officer, promoter,
or control person of the Company has been involved in the following: 

(1) 
 A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law which was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

(2) 
 Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

(3) 
 Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

76 

i. 
 Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 

ii. 
 Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

iii. 
 Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

(4) 
 Such person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

(5) 
 Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

(6) 
 Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

(7) 
 Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i. 
 Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

ii. 
 Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

iii. 
 Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

(8) 
 Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

77 

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

The Company does not have an audit committee or
an audit committee financial expert (as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K) serving on its Board of Directors. The current member of
the Board of Directors lacks sufficient financial expertise for overseeing financial reporting responsibilities. The Company has not yet
employed an audit committee financial expert on its Board due to the inability to attract such a person. 

The Company intends to establish an audit committee
of the Board of Directors, which will consist of independent directors. The audit committee s duties will be to recommend to the
Company s Board of Directors the engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm to audit the Company s financial
statements and to review the Company s accounting and auditing principles. The audit committee will review the scope, timing and
fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the internal auditors and independent registered public accounting
firm, including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal controls. The audit committee will at all times
be composed exclusively of directors who are, in the opinion of the Company s Board of Directors, free from any relationship which
would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a committee member and who possess an understanding of financial statements
and generally accepted accounting principles. 

Code of Ethics 

Our board of directors has not adopted a code
of ethics due to the fact that we presently only have four directors and we are in the development stage of our operations. We anticipate
that we will adopt a code of ethics when we increase either the number of our directors and officers or the number of our employees. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
directors and executive officers, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities, to file
with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership. These reporting persons are required by SEC regulations
to furnish us with copies of all such reports they file. To our knowledge, based solely on our review of the copies of such reports furnished
to us and written representations from certain insiders that no other reports were required, we believe there were no applicable reporting
persons based on all applicable Section 16(a) filing requirements with respect to transactions during the fiscal years ended June 30,
2022 and 2021. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following summary compensation table sets
forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive Officer paid by us during the years ended June 30, 2023 and
2022, in all capacities for the accounts of our executives, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO): 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

There are no employment contracts, compensatory
plans or arrangements, including payments to be received from the Company with respect to any executive officer, that would result in
payments to such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or other termination of employment with the Company, or its subsidiaries,
any change in control, or a change in the person s responsibilities following a change in control of the Company. 

78 

Name and Principal 

Salary 
 
 Bonus 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Option Awards 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 
 All Other Compensation 
 
 Totals 
 
 Position 
 
 Year 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 1 
 
 ) 

Harrysen Mittler, 
 
 2023 
 
 243,000 
 
 0 
 
 16,180 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 36,726 
 
 295,906 
 
 CEO, Director 
 
 2022 
 
 315,000 
 
 120,000 
 
 4,746,098 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 30,350 
 
 5,211,448 
 
 Peter Pizzino, 
 
 2023 
 
 243 ,000 
 
 0 
 
 16,180 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 36,726 
 
 295,906 
 
 President, Director 
 
 2022 
 
 315,000 
 
 120,000 
 
 4,746,098 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 14,000 
 
 5,195,098 
 
 Ronald Adams, 
 
 2023 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Former, EVP Sales, President MAC 
 
 2022 
 
 127,023 
 
 0 
 
 30,000 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 157,023 
 
 Jennifer Loria, 
 
 2023 
 
 50,000 
 
 0 
 
 36,000 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 34,579 
 
 112,115 
 
 Former COO, MAC 
 
 2022 
 
 172,082 
 
 0 
 
 61,50 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 233,582 
 
 Vincent S. Miceli, 
 
 2023 
 
 216,000 
 
 0 
 
 61,349 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 18,862 
 
 277,349 
 
 Former CFO 
 
 2022 
 
 27,000 
 
 0 
 
 70,00 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 1,881 
 
 98,881 
 
 Gail Rosenthal 
 
 2023 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Eric Sherb, CFO 
 
 2023 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 

1. This column includes such things as medical reimbursements, and auto
 allowances. 

79 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End: Include
the following language and chart: 

The table below summarizes the outstanding equity awards to our executive
officers as of June 30, 2023. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY
 AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 
 
 OPTION AWARDS 

STOCK AWARDS 

Name 
 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 (#) 
 Exercisable 
 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options 
 (#) 
 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 ) 
 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 

Number 
 of 
 Shares 
 or Units 
 of 
 Stock That 
 Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 (#) 
 
 Market 
 Value 
 of 
 Shares 
 or 
 Units 
 of 
 Stock 
 That 
 Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 ) 
 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number 
 of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights 
 That Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 (#) 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards:
 Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 

Long-Term Incentive Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans in which we
provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. 

Compensation Committee 

We currently do not have a compensation committee
of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors as a whole determines executive compensation. 

Compensation of Directors 

Our directors receive no extra compensation for
their service on our Board of Directors. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of June 30, 2023 of: (i) each person (including any group)
known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) our director, and or (iii) our officer. Unless
otherwise indicated, the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

80 

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance
with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Beneficial ownership generally means having sole or shared voting or investment power with respect
to securities. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table, each shareholder named in the table has sole voting and investment
power with respect to the shares of common stock set forth opposite the shareholder s name. We have based our calculation of the
percentage of beneficial ownership on 1,776,255,108 shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on October 9, 2023. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 

Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership (1) 

Percentage of 
 Class Ownership 
 
 Percentage of Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock Assuming Conversion of all Preferred Shares 
 
 Percentage of Voting Power Based on Voting Privileges of Common and Preferred Shares without Conversions 
 
 Directors and Officers: 

Harrysen Mittler (CEO, Secretary, Director) 
 
 303,175,000 Common Stock 
 
 17.2 Common Stock 
 
 526,437,500 shares of common stock 

20,326,437,500 
 Total Votes 

2,326,250 Series C Preferred 
 
 34.0 Series C Preferred 

2,000,000 Series E Preferred (4) 
 
 50 Series E Preferred 

Peter Pizzino (President, Director) 
 
 303,175,000 Common Stock 
 
 17.2 Common Stock 
 
 514,651,250 shares of common stock 

20,314,651,250 
 Total Votes 

1,147,625 Series C Preferred 
 
 16.8 Series C Preferred 

2,000,000 Series E Preferred (4) 
 
 50 Series E Preferred 

Eric Sherb (CFO) 
 
 0 
 
 0 

0 Total Votes 

Vincent S. Miceli 
 Former CFO 
 
 6,312,500 Common Stock 
 
 >1 Common Stock 

6,312,500 Total Votes 

Aqualaro Corp. (3) 
 
 28,000,000 Common Stock 
 
 0.76 Common Stock 

28,000,000 Total Votes 

Pacific Software, Inc. 
Harrysen Mittler 
 
 1,250,000 Series C Preferred 
 
 18.3 Series C Preferred 
 
 11,250,000 shares of Common Stock 
 
 1,250,000 Total Votes 

Hypersoft Ventures, Inc. 
Robert Johnson 
 
 1,162,500 Series C Preferred 
 
 17 Series C Preferred 
 
 11,625,000 shares of Common Stock 
 
 1,162,500 Total Votes 

Sandor Capital, Master Fund 
 
 400,000 Series D Preferred 
 
 94 Series D Preferred 
 
 40,000,000 shares of Common Stock 
 
 400,000 Total Votes 

JEBL Holdings LP 
 
 25,000 Series D Preferred 
 
 6 Series D Preferred 
 
 2,500,000 shares of Common Stock 
 
 25,000 Total Votes 

Venture Group Capital 
 
 72,500,000 Common stock 
 
 4.1 Common Stock 

72,500,000 Total Votes 

All executive officers and directors 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 34.2 Common Stock (2) 

as a group (3 persons) 
 
 Series C Preferred 
 
 69 Series C Preferred 

Series E Preferred 
 
 100 Series E Preferred 

Total Common Vote 
 
 98 (5) 

81 

(1) 
 The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined under rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of any stock option or other right. The persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable and the information contained in the footnotes to this table. 

(2) 
 Based upon 1,766,255,108 shares outstanding as of October 9, 2023. 

(3) 
 Company Aqualaro Corp. is controlled by Miro Zecevic. 

(4) 
 Reflects Series E Preferred Stock. Series E Preferred Stock converts at a ratio of 1 Series E Preferred Share into 100 Shares of Common Shares. Series E Preferred Stock has voting rights of 10,000 votes of common stock per share of Series E Preferred. 

(5) 
 Based upon the voting preferences included in all of the classes of stock of the Company, which amounts to 41,604,252,750 votes. 

Changes in Control 

There are no present arrangements or pledges of
the Company s securities, which may result in a change in control of the Company. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
Director Independence. 

Director Independence 

The Board of Directors is currently composed of
2 members. Harrysen Mittler, and Peter Pizzino, who do not qualify as independent Directors in accordance with the published listing requirements
of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the Director is not,
and has not been for at least three years, one of the Company s employees and that neither the Director, nor any of his family members
has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, the Board of Directors has not made a subjective determination
as to each Director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of
independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a Director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ
rules. Had the Board of Directors made these determinations, the Board of Directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided
by the Directors and the Company with regard to each Director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate
to the Company and its management. 

Related Party Transactions 

Note payable BOAPIN purchase 

In August 2020, and effective as of June 30, 2020,
the Company purchased the BOAPIN portal, including all software, licensing, and ownership rights from Hypersoft Ventures, Inc., a related
party through common ownership, for 800,200, which includes six million seven hundred thousand three (6,700,003) shares of Series C Convertible
Preferred stock, valued at 375,200 or 0.056 per share, based on the conversion of one share of Series C Preferred stock for 10 shares
of common stock and the stock price on the date of the transaction, and a note payable for 425,000, bearing twelve percent (12 interest
with no prepayment or delinquency clauses. 

82 

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded
Note payable-BOAPIN of 170,000 and 170,000, accrued interest of 63,015 and 49,415, and expensed 13,600 and 21,190 in interest, respectively. 

Related party debt 

From time to time, the Company received funds
from related parties for day-to-day operations. These are short-term loans which bear no interest, and the Company expects to repay these
loans by the end of the fiscal year following the year in which the short-term loan was made. 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Related parties subsidiary 
 177,320 
 202,875 
 
 Due from related parties 
 
 (155,800 
 
 (Net Advances) Accrued salaries, bonus, fees 
 621,812 
 166,765 
 
 Total loans from related parties, net 
 799,132 
 58,040 

Other than the aforementioned related party transactions,
during the last two full fiscal years and the current fiscal year or any currently proposed transaction, there are no other transactions
involving the Company, in which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of the Company s
total assets at year-end for its last three fiscal years. 

Other than the foregoing, neither the director
nor executive officer of the Company, nor any person who owned of record or was known to own beneficially more than 5 of the Company s
outstanding shares of its Common Stock, nor any associate or affiliate of such persons or companies, has any material interest, direct
or indirect, in any transaction that has occurred during the past fiscal year, or in any proposed transaction, which has materially affected
or will affect the Company. 

With regard to any future related party transaction, we plan to fully
disclose any and all related party transactions in the following manor: 

Disclosing such transactions in reports where required; 

Disclosing in any and all filings with the SEC, where required; 

Obtaining disinterested directors consent; and 

Obtaining shareholder consent where required. 

Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related
Persons 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

83 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, we
incurred approximately 54,000 in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with the
audit and reviews of our financial statements for fiscal years ended June 30, 2023. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, we
incurred approximately 80,650 in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with
the audit and reviews of our financial statements for fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 

Audit-Related Fees 

All Other Fees 

The aggregate fees billed during the fiscal years
ended June 30, 2023, and 2022 for products and services provided by our principal independent accountants (other than the services reported
in Items 9(e)(1) through 9(e)(3) of Schedule 14A was 0 and 0, respectively. 

84 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits 

(a) Exhibits 

Exhibit 
Number 

Exhibit 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Exchange Act pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 EX-101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 EX-101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 EX-101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 EX-101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 EX-101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 EX-101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

85 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. 

/s/ Harrysen Mittler 
 
 October 20, 2023 
 
 Harrysen Mittler, CEO, Principal Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Date 

/s/ Peter Pizzino 
 
 October 20, 2023 
 
 Peter Pizzino, President, Director 
 
 Date 

/s/ Eric Sherb 
 
 October 20, 2023 
 
 Eric Sherb, CFO, Principal Accounting Officer 

Date 

86 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 wearable_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 

I, Harrysen Mittler, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Wearable Health Solutions, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 20, 2023 

/s/ Harrysen Mittler 

By: Harrysen Mittler 

Its: Principal Executive Officer 

1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 

I, Eric Sherb, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Wearable Health Solutions, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 20, 2023 

/s/ Eric Sherb 

By: Eric Sherb 

Its: Principal Executive Officer 

2 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 wearable_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Wearable
Health Solutions, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Harrysen Mittler, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Harrysen Mittler 

By: Harrysen Mittler 

Principal Executive Officer 

Dated: October 20, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Wearable
Health Solutions, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric Sherb, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Eric Sherb 

By: Eric Sherb 

Principal Financial Officer 

Dated: October 20, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 whsi-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 whsi-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 whsi-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 whsi-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

