<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231114_10-K_edgar_data_1414932_0001414932-23-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>47944812</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>516081</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3449452</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>23690995</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6612500</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>12820201</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001414932-23-000018.hdr.sgml : 20231114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231113181101
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001414932-23-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Oaktree Specialty Lending Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001414932
		IRS NUMBER:				261219283
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00755
		FILM NUMBER:		231400547

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 SOUTH GRAND AVENUE
		STREET 2:		28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LOS ANGLES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90071
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(213) 830-6300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 SOUTH GRAND AVENUE
		STREET 2:		28TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LOS ANGLES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90071

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fifth Street Finance Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130926

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Fifth Street Finance Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071012

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001414932-23-000018.txt : 20231114

10-K
 1
 ocsl-20230930.htm
 10-K

ocsl-20230930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER) 
 
 (State or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive office) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: 
 ) 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 31, 2023 was million. For the purposes of calculating the aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates, the registrant has excluded shares held by its current directors and officers. The registrant had shares of common stock outstanding as of November 10, 2023. 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 22 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 48 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 48 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 50 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 57 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 59 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 76 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 78 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in the Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 164 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 164 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 165 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 165 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 165 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 165 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transaction, and Director Independence 
 165 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 165 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 165 
 Signatures 
 171 

1 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation, a Delaware corporation, or together with its subsidiaries, where applicable, the Company, which may also be referred to as we, us or our , is a specialty finance company dedicated to providing customized, one-stop credit solutions to companies with limited access to public or syndicated capital markets. We were formed in late 2007 and currently operate as a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a Business Development Company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. In addition, we have qualified and elected to be treated as a regulated investment company, or RIC, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, for tax purposes. As a RIC, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or net realized capital gains that we distribute to our stockholders if we meet certain source-of-income, income distribution and asset diversification requirements. 
 We are externally managed by Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC, which we also refer to as Oaktree or our Adviser, pursuant to an investment advisory agreement, as amended from time to time, or the Investment Advisory Agreement, between the Company and Oaktree. Oaktree is an affiliate of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P., or OCM, the Company's external investment adviser from October 17, 2017 through May 3, 2020, and is under common control of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC, or OCG. In 2019, Brookfield Corporation (f/k/a Brookfield Asset Management Inc.), which we refer to as "Brookfield," acquired a majority economic interest in OCG. OCG operates as an independent business within Brookfield, with its own product offerings and investment, marketing and support teams. Oaktree Fund Administration, LLC, which we refer to as Oaktree Administrator, a subsidiary of OCM, provides certain administrative and other services necessary for us to operate. 
 Our investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation by providing companies with flexible and innovative financing solutions, including first and second lien loans, unsecured and mezzanine loans, bonds, preferred equity and certain equity co-investments. We may also seek to generate capital appreciation and income through secondary investments at discounts to par in either private or syndicated transactions. Our portfolio may also include certain structured finance and other non-traditional structures. We invest in companies that typically possess resilient business models with strong underlying fundamentals. We intend to deploy capital across credit and economic cycles with a focus on long-term results, which we believe will enable us to build lasting partnerships with financial sponsors and management teams, and we may seek to opportunistically take advantage of dislocations in the financial markets and other situations that may benefit from our Adviser s credit and structuring expertise. Sponsors may include financial sponsors, such as an institutional investor or a private equity firm, or a strategic entity seeking to invest in a portfolio company. 
 Our Adviser is generally focused on middle-market companies, which we define as companies with enterprise values of between 100 million and 750 million. We expect our portfolio to include a mix of first and second lien loans, including asset backed loans, unitranche loans, mezzanine loans, unsecured loans, bonds, preferred equity and certain equity co-investments. Our portfolio may also include certain structured finance and other non-traditional structures. We generally invest in securities that are rated below investment grade by rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. Below investment grade securities, which are often referred to as high yield and junk, have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. 
 Our portfolio totaled 2.9 billion at fair value as of September 30, 2023 and was composed of 143 portfolio companies. These included debt investments in 129 companies, equity investments in 42 companies and our investments in Senior Loan Fund JV I, LLC, or SLF JV I, a joint venture through which we and Trinity Universal Insurance Company, a subsidiary of Kemper Corporation, or Kemper, co-invest in senior secured loans of middle-market companies and other corporate debt securities, and OCSI Glick JV LLC, or the Glick JV, a joint venture through which we and GF Equity Funding 2014 LLC, or GF Equity Funding, co-invest primarily in senior secured loans of middle-market companies. 30 of our equity investments were in companies in which we also had a debt investment. At fair value, 94.0 of our portfolio consisted of debt investments, including our debt investments in SLF JV I and Glick JV, and 86.5 of our portfolio consisted of senior secured loans as of September 30, 2023. The weighted average annual yield of our debt investments at fair value as of September 30, 2023, including the return on our debt investments in SLF JV I and Glick JV, was approximately 12.7 , including 11.2 representing cash payments. The weighted average annual yield of our debt investments is determined before the payment of, and therefore does not take into account, our expenses and the payment by an investor of any stockholder transaction expenses, and does not represent the return on investment for our stockholders. See Investments SLF JV I and Investments Glick JV below for additional information regarding our investments in SLF JV I and Glick JV. 
 We are permitted to, and expect to continue to, finance our investments through borrowings. However, as a Business Development Company, subject to certain limited exceptions, we are currently only allowed to borrow amounts in accordance 
 2 

with the asset coverage requirements in the Investment Company Act. We generally expect to target a long-term debt to equity ratio of 0.90x to 1.25x (i.e., one dollar of equity for each 0.90 to 1.25 of debt outstanding). As of September 30, 2023, we had a net debt to equity ratio of 1.01x (i.e., one dollar of equity for each 1.01 of debt outstanding). At a special meeting of stockholders held on June 28, 2019, our stockholders approved the application of the reduced asset coverage requirements in Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act to us, effective as of June 29, 2019. As a result of the reduced asset coverage requirement, we can incur 2 of debt for each 1 of equity. 
 On March 19, 2021, we acquired Oaktree Strategic Income Corporation, or OCSI, pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, or the OCSI Merger Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2020, by and among OCSI, us, Lion Merger Sub, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary, and, solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, Oaktree. Pursuant to the OCSI Merger Agreement, OCSI was merged with and into us in a two-step transaction, with us as the surviving company, or the OCSI Merger. 
 On January 23, 2023, we acquired Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc., or OSI2, pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, or the OSI2 Merger Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2022, by and among OSI2, us, Project Superior Merger Sub, Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, and, solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, Oaktree. Pursuant to the OSI2 Merger Agreement, OSI2 was merged with and into us in a two-step transaction, with us as the surviving company, or the OSI2 Merger and, together with the OCSI Merger, the Mergers. 
 Our Adviser 
 We are externally managed and advised by Oaktree, a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or the Advisers Act. Oaktree, subject to the overall supervision of our Board of Directors, manages our day-to-day operations, and provides investment advisory services to us pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 Our Adviser is an affiliate of OCM, a leading global investment management firm headquartered in Los Angeles, California, focused on less efficient markets and alternative investments. A number of the senior executives and investment professionals of our Adviser and its affiliates have been investing together for over 35 years and have generated impressive investment performance through multiple market cycles. Our Adviser and its affiliates emphasize an opportunistic, value-oriented and risk-controlled approach to investments in distressed debt, corporate debt (including high-yield debt and senior loans), control investing, real estate, convertible securities and listed equities. 
 In 2019, Brookfield acquired a majority economic interest in OCG. OCG operates as an independent business within Brookfield, with its own product offerings and investment, marketing and support teams. Brookfield is a leading global alternative asset manager with over a 100 year history and approximately 850 billion of assets under management (inclusive of OCG) across a broad portfolio of real estate, infrastructure, renewable power, credit and private equity assets. OCG's founders, senior management and current and former employee-unitholders of OCG are able to sell their remaining OCG units to Brookfield over time pursuant to an agreed upon liquidity schedule and approach to valuing such units at the time of liquidation. Pursuant to this liquidity schedule, the earliest year in which Brookfield could own 100 of the OCG business is 2029. 
 The primary firm-wide goal of our Adviser and OCM is to achieve attractive returns while bearing less than commensurate risk. Our Adviser believes that it can achieve this goal by taking advantage of market inefficiencies in which financial markets and their participants fail to accurately value assets or fail to make available to companies the capital that they reasonably require. 
 Our Adviser and its affiliates believe that their defining characteristic is adherence to the highest professional standards, which has yielded several important benefits. First and foremost, this characteristic has allowed our Adviser and its affiliates to attract and retain an extremely talented group of investment professionals, or the Investment Professionals, as well as accounting, valuation, legal, compliance and other administrative professionals. As of September 30, 2023, our Adviser and its affiliates had more than 1,200 professionals in 21 cities and 16 countries, including a deep and broad credit platform drawing from more than 390 highly experienced investment professionals with significant origination, structuring and underwriting expertise. Specifically, the Strategic Credit group that is primarily responsible for implementing our investment strategy consists of 38 Investment Professionals led by Armen Panossian, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer, who focus on the investment strategy employed by our Adviser and certain of its affiliates. Second, it has permitted the investment team to build strong relationships with brokers, banks and other market participants. These institutional relationships have been instrumental in strengthening access to trading opportunities, to understanding the current market, and to executing the investment team s investment strategies. OCM aims to attract, motivate and retain talented employees (both Investment Professionals and accounting, valuation, legal, compliance and other administrative professionals) by making them active participants in, and beneficiaries of, the platform s success. In addition to competitive base salaries, all OCM employees share in the discretionary bonus pool. An employee s participation in the bonus pool is based on the overall success of our Adviser and its affiliates and the individual employee s performance and level of responsibility. 
 3 

Our Adviser and its affiliates provide discretionary investment management services to other managed accounts and investment funds, which may have overlapping investment objectives and strategies with our own and, accordingly, may invest in asset classes similar to those targeted by us. The activities of such managed accounts and investment funds may raise actual or potential conflicts of interest. 
 Strategic Credit 
 Our Adviser's affiliates officially launched the Strategic Credit strategy in early 2013 as a step-out from the Distressed Debt strategy, to capture attractive investment opportunities that appear to offer too little return for distressed debt investors, but may pose too much uncertainty for high-yield bond creditors. The strategy seeks to achieve an attractive total return by investing in public and private revenue-generating, performing debt. 
 Strategic Credit focuses on U.S. and non-U.S. investment opportunities that arise from pricing inefficiencies that occur in the primary and secondary markets or from the financing needs of healthy companies with limited access to traditional lenders or public markets. Typical investments will be in high yield bonds and senior secured loans for borrowers that are in need of direct loans, rescue financings, or other capital solutions or that have had challenged or unsuccessful primary offerings. 
 The Investment Professionals employ a fundamental, value-driven opportunistic approach to credit investing, which seeks to benefit from the resources, relationships and proprietary information of the global investment platform of our Adviser and its affiliates. 
 Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance 
 Oaktree takes account of environmental, social and corporate governance, or ESG, considerations as part of its investment process. In September 2019, Oaktree became a signatory to the Principles for Responsible Investment, or PRI. Oaktree believes that the tenets of the PRI are well-aligned with Oaktree s mission of delivering superior investment results with risk under control, and complementary to not in conflict with its investment philosophy. Oaktree s adoption of the PRI reflects broad-based support for incorporating environmental, social and corporate governance considerations when making investments. OCM s ESG policy, or the ESG Policy, was first adopted and published in 2014, and since then Oaktree has continued to refine its approach. The firm recognizes that material ESG issues can directly impact investment performance. Accordingly, Oaktree s Strategic Credit team follows Oaktree s ESG Policy and regularly assesses ESG-related factors as part of the team s investment process in a manner it believes is consistent with relevant regulatory requirements and its fiduciary obligations to maximize profits for its funds and accounts. 
 The ability of Oaktree s Strategic Credit team to assess and influence material ESG issues varies by investment. Situations where Oaktree has access to full due diligence and where it obtains control allow Oaktree to better detect and address material ESG issues relative to situations where it may be limited to public information or have a non-controlling investment. In evaluating an existing or prospective investment, Oaktree s Strategic Credit investment professionals generally seek to (a) identify material ESG issues that may affect the investment, (b) analyze the relative importance of, and risk posed by, any identified material ESG issue, (c) consider the costs and benefits of potential remedial measures, and (d) assess its ability to influence change to mitigate material ESG-related risks and/or meet relevant regulatory obligations. Based on the foregoing analysis, Oaktree may seek to foster change in some circumstances or even forgo investments in others. Oaktree s Strategic Credit team seeks to, where possible, advance ESG practices through the interactions of its investment professionals with the management of existing and prospective portfolio companies and their advisers. Oaktree seeks to ensure that, where possible, portfolio company management appreciates the financial ramifications of such issues and has the benefit of Oaktree s insight with respect to the approaches being taken across a wide variety of industries and companies. 
 Our Administrator 
 We entered into an administration agreement, as amended from time to time, or the Administration Agreement, with Oaktree Administrator, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of OCM. The principal executive offices of Oaktree Administrator are located at 333 South Grand Avenue, 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, Oaktree Administrator provides services to us, and we reimburse Oaktree Administrator for costs and expenses incurred by Oaktree Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement and providing personnel and facilities thereunder. 
 Business Strategy 
 
 Our investment objective is to generate current income and capital appreciation by providing companies with flexible and innovative financing solutions, including first and second lien loans, unsecured and mezzanine loans, bonds, preferred equity and certain equity co-investments. We may also seek to generate capital appreciation and income through secondary 
 4 

investments at discounts to par in either private or syndicated transactions. We invest in companies across a variety of industries that typically possess resilient business models with strong underlying fundamentals. We deploy capital across credit and economic cycles with a focus on long-term results, which we believe will enable us to build lasting partnerships with financial sponsors and management teams, and we may seek to opportunistically take advantage of dislocations in the financial markets and other situations that may benefit from our Adviser s deep credit and structuring expertise. Our Adviser intends to implement the following business strategy to achieve our investment objective: 
 
 Emphasis on Proprietary Deals. Our Adviser is focused on proprietary opportunities as well as partnering with other lenders as appropriate. Dedicated sourcing professionals of our Adviser and its affiliates are in continuous contact with financial sponsors and corporate clients to originate proprietary deals and seek to leverage the networks and relationships of Oaktree s Investment Professionals with management teams and corporations to originate non-sponsored transactions. Since 2005, our Adviser and its affiliates have invested more than 45 billion in over 650 directly originated loans, and the platform has the capacity to invest in large deals and to solely underwrite transactions. 
 
 Focus on Quality Companies and Extensive Diligence. Our Adviser seeks to maintain a conservative approach to investing with discipline around fundamental credit analysis and downside protection. Our Adviser intends to focus on companies with resilient business models, strong underlying fundamentals, significant asset or enterprise value and seasoned management teams, although not all portfolio companies will meet each of these criteria. Our Adviser intends to leverage its deep credit and deal structuring expertise to lend to companies that have unique needs, complex business models or specific business challenges. Our Adviser conducts diligence on underlying collateral value, including cash flows, hard assets or intellectual property, and will typically model exit scenarios as part of the diligence process, including assessing potential work-out scenarios. 
 
 Disciplined Portfolio Management. Our Adviser monitors our portfolio on an ongoing basis to manage risk and take preemptive action to resolve potential problems where possible. Our Adviser intends to seek to reduce the impact of individual investment risks by diversifying portfolios across industry sectors and generally limiting positions to no more than 5 of our portfolio. 
 
 Manage Risk Through Loan Structures. Our Adviser seeks to leverage its experience in identifying structural risks in prospective portfolio companies and developing customized solutions to enhance downside protection where possible. Our Adviser has the expertise to structure comprehensive, flexible and customized solutions for companies of all sizes across numerous industry sectors. Our Adviser employs a rigorous due diligence process and seeks to include covenant protections designed to ensure that we, as the lender, can negotiate with a portfolio company before a debt investment reaches impairment. The platform of our Adviser and its affiliates can address a wide range of borrower needs, with capability to invest across the capital structure and to fund large loans, and our Adviser pays close attention to market trends. Our Adviser provides certainty to borrowers by seeking to provide fully underwritten financing commitments and has expertise in both performing credit as well as restructuring and turnaround situations, which allows us to lend at times of market stress when our competitors may halt or reduce investment activity. 
 
 Our Adviser s emphasis is on fundamental credit analysis, consistency and downside protection, all of which are key tenets of its investment philosophy and important in times of market dislocation. We believe this philosophy strongly aligns with the interests of our stockholders. Our Adviser controls primarily for risk, rather than return. Although this may lead us to underperform in bullish markets, we expect that prudence across the economic cycle and limiting losses will allow us to achieve our investment objectives. 
 Identification of Investment Opportunities 
 Our primary focus is on identifying differentiated private lending opportunities, with a secondary emphasis on identifying opportunities in the public markets. 
 Private Lending Opportunities. We believe that the market for lending to private companies is underserved and presents a compelling investment opportunity. We intend to focus on private lending opportunities in the following key areas: 
 
 Non-Sponsor Situational Lending. Certain businesses (including those with complex business models or specific business challenges) may present challenges for traditional lenders to understand or value, thus presenting attractive lending opportunities for the Company. Prospective borrowers with little-to-no revenue or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, may be unable to secure financing from traditional lenders. In these instances, a debt-to-EBITDA approach may not be appropriate, instead requiring a value-oriented approach that 
 5 

involves targeting low loan-to-value ratios and negotiating highly-structured investments with bespoke covenants, contingencies and terms that help mitigate business-specific risks. Examples of these opportunities may include life sciences companies that are unable to access traditional bank financing to commercialize their product pipelines. 
 
 Select Sponsor-Related Financings. Financing for portfolio companies backed by private equity firms is one the most active areas of opportunity, including those opportunities related to leveraged buyouts and refinancings. The Investment Professionals have many longstanding relationships with established, reputable sponsors and generally favor those that view their portfolio companies as long-term partners and those that specialize in certain industries where they have significant subject matter expertise. In addition, the Investment Professionals have historically favored borrowers backed by sponsors that have demonstrated a willingness to invest large amounts of equity, which provides enhanced downside protection. Examples of these opportunities may include financings for software- or healthcare-focused borrowers backed by private equity firms. 
 
 Stressed Sector/Rescue Lending . Individual businesses or sectors experiencing stress or reduced access to capital can create attractive private lending opportunities. Broad market weakness or sector-specific issues can constrain borrowers access to capital. Further, certain factors such as regulation may cause entire industries (e.g., energy) to be rebuffed by more traditional lenders (e.g., commercial banks) such that all borrowers in the industry lose access to capital, regardless of their individual financial condition. Oftentimes, by sifting through an industry issuer-by-issuer, the Investment Professionals can identify attractive investment opportunities that are over-secured by valuable assets. Examples of these opportunities may include debtor-in-possession loans or loans to companies in sectors temporarily impacted by COVID-19 headwinds or other macro events. 
 
 Opportunities in Public Markets. Certain factors may also drive opportunities for us in the public market and will allow us to leverage broader credit platform and decades of credit investing experience of Oaktree and its affiliates. These factors may include: 
 
 Macro Factors. Macro factors that drive market dislocations can ripple through the global economy and include sovereign debt crises, political elections, global pandemics and other unexpected geopolitical events. These factors drive highly correlated risk on and risk off market swings and frequently result in the indiscriminate selling of securities and obligations at prices that the Investment Professionals believe are well below their intrinsic values. 
 
 Industry Headwinds . Select industries may face secular challenges or may fall out of favor due to a variety of factors such as evolving technology or regulation. These headwinds can cause the debt of healthy and unhealthy companies alike to trade lower, potentially allowing the Investment Professionals to identify mispriced opportunities. 
 
 Company Characteristics. Company-specific factors that drive market dislocations include overleveraged balance sheets, near-term liquidity or maturity issues, secular pressures, acute shock to company operations, asset-light businesses and new or relatively small issuers. These factors may result in mispriced securities or obligations or require a highly structured direct loan. 
 
 The securities we may purchase in the public markets include broadly syndicated loans, high yield bonds and structured credit products. We generally expect to have smaller positions in these securities, and to hold such securities for a shorter period of time, relative to securities purchased in private lending opportunities. 
 Investment Criteria and Guidelines 
 Once the Investment Professionals have identified a potential investment opportunity, they will evaluate the opportunity against the following investment criteria and guidelines. However, not all of these criteria will be met by each prospective portfolio company in which we invest. 
 
 Covenant Protections. We generally expect to invest in loans that have covenants that may help to minimize our risk of capital loss and meaningful equity investments in the portfolio company. We intend to target investments that have strong credit protections, including default penalties, information rights and affirmative, negative and financial covenants, such as limitations on debt incurrence, lien protection and prohibitions on dividends. 
 
 Sustainable Cash Flow. Our investment philosophy places emphasis on fundamental analysis from an investor s perspective and has a distinct value orientation. We intend to focus on companies with significant asset or enterprise value in which we can invest at relatively low multiples of normalized operating cash flow. Additionally, we anticipate 
 6 

investing in companies with a demonstrated ability or credible plan to de-lever. Typically, we will not invest in start-up companies or companies having speculative business plans or structures that could impair capital over the long-term although we may target certain earlier stage companies that have yet to reach profitability. 
 
 Experienced Management Team. We generally will look to invest in portfolio companies with an experienced management team and proper incentive arrangements, including equity compensation, to induce management to succeed and to act in concert with our interests as investors. 
 
 Strong Relative Position in Its Market. We intend to target companies with what we believe to be established and leading market positions within their respective markets and well-developed long-term business strategies. 
 
 Exit Strategy. We generally intend to invest in companies that we believe will provide us with the opportunity to exit our investments in three to eight years, including through (1) the repayment of the remaining principal outstanding at maturity, (2) the recapitalization of the company resulting in our debt investments being repaid or (3) the sale of the company resulting in the repayment of all of its outstanding debt. 
 
 Geography. As a Business Development Company, we will invest at least 70 of our total assets in U.S. companies. To the extent we invest in non-U.S. companies, we intend to do so only in jurisdictions with established legal frameworks and a history of respecting creditor rights. 
 
 Investment Process 
 
 Our investment process consists of the following five distinct stages. 
 Source 
 Our Adviser has several resources for originating new opportunities that grant the Investment Professionals a comprehensive view of the actionable investment universe. From this universe, our Adviser can then select the most attractive opportunities for us. In addition to its dedicated group of sourcing professionals, our Adviser also leverages its strong global market presence and relationships with affiliates, advisers, sponsors, banks, management teams, capital-raising advisers, trading desks and other sources to gain access to opportunities that are consistent with our investment strategy. Our Adviser is a trusted partner to financial sponsors and management teams based on its best-in-class market reputation, relationship-based approach, long-term investment orientation and focus on lending across economic cycles. Our Adviser believes that this gives us access to proprietary deal flow and first looks at investment opportunities and that we are well-positioned for difficult and complex transactions. 
 Screen 
 We expect to be highly selective in making new investments. The initial screening process will typically include a review of the proposed capital structure of the prospective portfolio company, including level of assets or enterprise value coverage, an assessment by our Adviser of the company s management team and its equity ownership levels as well as the viability of its long-term business model, the target's performance against certain ESG considerations and a review of forecasted financial statements and liquidity profile. In addition, our Adviser may assess the prospect of industry or macroeconomic catalysts that may create enhanced value in the investment as well as the potential ability to enforce creditor rights, particularly where collateral is located outside of the United States. 
 Research 
 Once the Investment Professionals have identified a potential investment opportunity and prior to making any new investment, our Adviser will complete an extensive due diligence process led by investment analysts assigned to each transaction. The analysts will examine various elements of the prospective investment to assess its risks and ensure that it meets our investment criteria and guidelines. Throughout the underwriting process, the analysts typically consider the following to evaluate the opportunity: the company s management team, suite of products/services, competitive position in its markets, barriers to entry, valuation, operating and financial performance, organic and inorganic growth prospects, as well as the expansion potential of its markets. In performing this evaluation, the analysts may use financial, qualitative and other due diligence materials provided by the target company, commissioned third-party reports and internal sources, including our Adviser s relationships derived from the Investment Professionals, industry participants and experts. As part of their research, our Adviser s analysts will typically perform a what-if analysis that explores a range of values for each proposed investment and a range of potential credit events to understand how the investment may perform under several different scenarios. Our 
 7 

Adviser conducts diligence on underlying collateral value, including cash flows, hard assets or intellectual property, and will typically model exit scenarios as part of the diligence process, including assessing potential work-out scenarios. 
 Decide 
 The Investment Professionals will propose investments along with all due diligence findings to an investment committee of the Adviser, or the Investment Committee. The Investment Committee is a collaborative and consensus-driven body that employs a rigorous process to weigh the merits and risks of each prospective investment, make investment decisions and appropriately size investments within the portfolio on our behalf. The Investment Committee generally strives for full consensus, but ultimately requires majority approval to move forward with an investment. No single committee member has veto rights for an investment. Investment Committee members are appointed and serve at the sole discretion of Armen Panossian. 
 Monitor 
 Risk management is our Adviser's utmost priority. In managing our portfolio, our Adviser monitors each portfolio company to be well-positioned to make hold and exit decisions when credit events occur, our collateral becomes overvalued or opportunities with more attractive risk/reward profiles are identified. Investment analysts are assigned to each investment to monitor industry developments, review company financial statements, attend company presentations and regularly speak with company management. Based on their monitoring, the Investment Professionals seek to determine the optimal time and strategy for exiting and maximizing the return on the investment, typically when prices or yields reach target valuations. In circumstances where a particular investment is underperforming, our Adviser intends to employ a variety of strategies to maximize its recovery based on the specific facts and circumstances of the underperforming investment, including actively working with the management to restructure all or a portion of the business, explore the possibility of a sale or merger of all or a portion of the assets, recapitalize or refinance the balance sheet, negotiate deferrals or other concessions from existing creditors and arrange new liquidity or new equity contributions. We believe that our Adviser s experience with restructurings and our access to our Adviser s deep knowledge, expertise and contacts in the distressed debt area will help us preserve the value of our investments. 
 
 Investments 
 Debt Investments 
 At fair value, 94.0 of our portfolio consisted of debt investments and 86.5 of our portfolio consisted of senior secured loans as of September 30, 2023. Our debt investments generally consist of the following: 
 
 First Lien Loans. Our first lien loans generally have terms of three to seven years, provide for a variable or fixed interest rate, contain prepayment penalties and are secured by a first priority security interest in all existing and future assets of the borrower. Our first lien loans may take many forms, including revolving lines of credit, term loans and acquisition lines of credit. 
 
 Unitranche Loans. Our unitranche loans generally have terms of five to seven years and provide for a variable or fixed interest rate, contain prepayment penalties and are generally secured by a first priority security interest in all existing and future assets of the borrower. Our unitranche loans may take many forms, including revolving lines of credit, term loans and acquisition lines of credit. Unitranche loans typically provide a borrower with all of its capital except for common equity, often with higher interest rates than those associated with traditional first lien loans. 
 
 Second Lien Loans. Our second lien loans generally have terms of five to eight years, provide for a variable or fixed interest rate, contain prepayment penalties and are secured by a second priority security interest in all existing and future assets of the borrower. 
 
 Mezzanine Loans. Our mezzanine loans generally have maturities of five to ten years. Mezzanine loans may take the form of a second priority lien on the assets of a portfolio company and have interest-only payments in the early years with cash or PIK payments with amortization of principal deferred to the later years. In some cases, we may invest in debt securities that, by their terms, convert into equity or additional debt securities or defer payments of interest for the first few years after our investment. 
 
 8 

Unsecured Loans. Our unsecured investments generally have terms of five to ten years and provide for a fixed interest rate. We may make unsecured investments on a stand-alone basis, or in connection with a senior secured loan, a junior secured loan or a one-stop financing. 
 
 Bonds. We may selectively invest in high yield corporate bonds issued by middle-market companies that are rated below investment grade by rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. The bonds in which we may invest are expected to have terms of five to eight years and provide for fixed interest rate payments. We do not expect that these bonds would be secured by any assets of the issuer. 
 Equity Investments 
 When we make a debt investment, we may also be granted equity, such as warrants to purchase common stock in a portfolio company. To a lesser extent, we may also make preferred and/or common equity investments, which may be in conjunction with a concurrent debt investment or the result of an investment restructuring. For non-control equity investments, we generally seek to structure our non-control equity investments to provide us with minority rights provisions and event-driven put rights. We also seek to obtain limited registration rights in connection with these investments, which may include piggyback registration rights. 
 SLF JV I 
 We and Kemper co-invest through SLF JV I, an unconsolidated Delaware limited liability company, or LLC. SLF JV I was formed in May 2014 to invest in middle-market and other corporate debt securities. As of September 30, 2023, we and Kemper had funded approximately 190.5 million to SLF JV I, of which 166.7 million was from us. As of September 30, 2023, we had aggregate commitments to fund SLF JV I of 13.1 million, of which approximately 9.8 million was to fund additional subordinated notes issued by SLF JV I, or the SLF JV I Notes, and approximately 3.3 million was to fund LLC equity interests in SLF JV I. Additionally, SLF JV I has a revolving credit facility with Bank of America, N.A., or the SLF JV I Facility, which permitted up to 270.0 million of borrowings (subject to borrowing base and other limitations) as of September 30, 2023. Borrowings under the SLF JV I Facility are secured by all of the assets of a special purpose financing subsidiary of SLF JV I. SLF JV I is managed by a four-person Board of Directors, two of whom are selected by us and two of whom are selected by Kemper. SLF JV I is generally capitalized as transactions are completed and all portfolio decisions must be approved by its investment committee consisting of one representative selected by us and one representative selected by Kemper (with approval of each required). As of September 30, 2023, our investment in SLF JV I was approximately 141.5 million at fair value. We do not consolidate SLF JV I in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Glick JV 
 On March 19, 2021, as a result of the consummation of the OCSI Merger, we became party to the LLC agreement of the Glick JV. The Glick JV invests primarily in senior secured loans of middle-market companies. Approximately 84.0 million in aggregate commitments was funded to the Glick JV as of September 30, 2023, of which 73.5 million was from us. As of September 30, 2023, we had aggregate unfunded commitments to Glick JV of approximately 14.0 million, of which approximately 12.4 million was to fund additional subordinated notes issued by the Glick JV, or the Glick JV Notes, and approximately 1.6 million was to fund LLC equity interests in the Glick JV. The Glick JV has a revolving credit facility with Bank of America, N.A., or the Glick JV Facility, which permitted borrowings of up to 80.0 million (subject to borrowing base and other limitations) as of September 30, 2023. Borrowings under the Glick JV Facility are secured by all of the assets of a special purpose financing subsidiary of Glick JV. The Glick JV is managed by a four-person Board of Directors, two of whom are selected by us and two of whom are selected by GF Equity Funding. The Glick JV is generally capitalized as transactions are completed and all portfolio decisions must be approved by its investment committee consisting of one representative selected by us and one representative selected by GF Equity Funding (with approval of each required). As of September 30, 2023, our investment in the Glick JV was approximately 50.0 million at fair value. We do not consolidate Glick JV in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Valuation Procedures 
 As a Business Development Company, we generally invest in illiquid debt and equity securities issued by private middle-market companies. We are required to carry our portfolio investments at market value or, if there is no readily available market value, at fair value as determined in accordance with our valuation policies and procedures. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 9 

Investment Advisory Agreement 
 The following is a description of the Investment Advisory Agreement. The investment advisory agreement with Oaktree was amended and restated on March 19, 2021 in connection with the closing of the OCSI Merger and on January 23, 2023 in connection with the closing of the OSI2 Merger. The term Investment Advisory Agreement refers collectively to the agreements with Oaktree. 
 Management Services 
 Subject to the overall supervision of our Board of Directors, Oaktree manages our day-to-day operations and provides us with investment advisory services. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, Oaktree: 
 
 determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 
 identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make; 
 executes, closes, monitors and services the investments we make; 
 determines what securities and other assets we purchase, retain or sell; 
 performs due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; and 
 provides us with such other investment advisory, research and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably required for the investment of our funds. 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that Oaktree s services are not exclusive to us and Oaktree is generally free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its services to us are not impaired. 
 Management and Incentive Fee 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, we pay Oaktree a fee for its services under the investment advisory agreement consisting of two components: a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management fee payable to Oaktree and any incentive fees earned by Oaktree is ultimately borne by our common stockholders. 
 Base Management Fee 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.50 of total gross assets, including any investment made with borrowings, but excluding cash and cash equivalents. Effective May 3, 2019, the base management fee on the Company s gross assets, including any investments made with borrowings, but excluding any cash and cash equivalents, that exceed the product of (A) 200 and (B) the Company s net asset value will be 1.00 . For the avoidance of doubt, the 200 will be calculated in accordance with the Investment Company Act and will give effect to exemptive relief the Company received from the SEC with respect to debentures issued by a small business investment company subsidiary. In connection with the OCSI Merger, we and Oaktree entered into an amended and restated investment advisory agreement, which among other items, waived an aggregate of 6 million of base management fees otherwise payable to Oaktree in the two years following the closing of the OCSI Merger on March 19, 2021 at a rate of 750,000 per quarter (with such amount appropriately prorated for any partial quarter). In connection with the OSI2 Merger, Oaktree waived an aggregate of 9.0 million of base management fees payable to Oaktree as follows: 6.0 million at a rate of 1.5 million per quarter (with such amount appropriately prorated for any partial quarter) in the first year following closing of the OSI2 Merger on January 23, 2023 and 3.0 million at a rate of 750,000 per quarter (with such amount appropriately prorated for any partial quarter) in the second year following closing of the OSI2 Merger. 
 Incentive Fee 
 The incentive fee consists of two parts. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the first part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the incentive fee on income or the Part I incentive fee, is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based upon our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding quarter. The payment of the incentive fee on income is subject to payment of a preferred return to investors each quarter (i.e., a hurdle rate ), expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the most recently completed quarter, of 1.50 , subject to a catch up feature. 
 For this purpose, pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies, other than fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued during the fiscal quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature 
 10 

(such as original issue discount, or OID, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. In addition, pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any amortization or accretion of any purchase premium or purchase discount to interest income resulting solely from merger-related accounting adjustments in connection with the assets acquired in the OCSI Merger and the OSI2 Merger, in each case, including any premium or discount paid for the acquisition of such assets, solely to the extent that the inclusion of such merger-related accounting adjustments, in the aggregate, would result in an increase in pre-incentive fee net investment income. 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the calculation of the incentive fee on income for each quarter is as follows: 
 
 No incentive fee is payable to Oaktree in any quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the preferred return rate of 1.50 (the preferred return on net assets. 
 100 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the preferred return but is less than or equal to 1.8182 in any fiscal quarter is payable to Oaktree. We refer to this portion of the incentive fee on income as the catch-up provision, and it is intended to provide Oaktree with an incentive fee of 17.5 on all of our pre-incentive fee net investment income when our pre-incentive fee net investment income reaches 1.8182 on net assets in any fiscal quarter. 
 For any quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds 1.8182 on net assets, the incentive fee on income is equal to 17.5 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, as the preferred return and catch-up will have been achieved. 
 There is no accumulation of amounts on the hurdle rate from quarter to quarter and accordingly there is no clawback of amounts previously paid if subsequent quarters are below the quarterly hurdle. 
 The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the incentive fee on income under the Investment Advisory Agreement: 
 
 Quarterly Incentive Fee on Income 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 (expressed as a percentage of net assets) 

Percentage of pre-incentive fee net investment income allocated to income-related portion of incentive fee 
 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the second part of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date) commencing with the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 and equals 17.5 of our realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from the beginning of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 through the end of each subsequent fiscal year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Any realized capital gains, realized capital losses, unrealized capital appreciation and unrealized capital depreciation with respect to our portfolio as of the end of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018 are excluded from the calculations of the second part of the incentive fee. In addition, the calculation of realized capital gains, realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation does (1) not include any such amounts resulting solely from merger-related accounting adjustments in connection with the assets acquired in the OCSI Merger, including any premium or discount paid for the acquisition of such assets, solely to the extent that the inclusion of such merger-related accounting adjustments, in the aggregate, would result in an increase in the capital gains incentive fee, (2) include any such amounts associated with the investments acquired in the OCSI Merger for the period from October 1, 2018 to the date of closing of the OCSI Merger, solely to the extent that the exclusion of such amounts, in the aggregate, would result in an increase in the capital gains incentive fee and (3) include any such amounts associated with the investments acquired in the OSI2 Merger for the period from August 6, 2018 to the date of closing of the OSI2 Merger, solely to the extent that the exclusion of such amounts, in the aggregate, would result in an increase in the capital gains incentive fee. 
 11 

Examples of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculation under the Investment Advisory Agreement (A) 
 Example 1: Incentive Fee on Income for Each Quarter 
 Alternative 1 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2 
 Preferred return under the Investment Advisory Agreement 1 = 1.50 
 Management fee under the Investment Advisory Agreement 2 = 0.375 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 0.20 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 (investment income - (management fee + other expenses)) = 1.425 
 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the preferred return under the Investment Advisory Agreement, therefore there is no incentive fee on income under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 
 Alternative 2 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.375 
 Preferred return under the Investment Advisory Agreement 1 = 1.50 
 Management fee under the Investment Advisory Agreement 2 = 0.375 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 0.20 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 (investment income - (management fee + other expenses)) = 1.80 
 Incentive fee = 17.5 pre-incentive fee net investment income, subject to catch-up 3 
 = 100 (1.80 - 1.50 
 = 0.30 
 
 Alternative 3 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.5 
 Preferred return under the Investment Advisory Agreement 1 = 1.50 
 Management fee under the Investment Advisory Agreement 2 = 0.375 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 0.20 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 (investment income - (management fee + other expenses)) = 2.925 
 Incentive fee = 17.5 pre-incentive fee net investment income, subject to catch-up 3 
 Incentive fee = 100 catch-up + (17.5 (pre-incentive fee net investment income - 1.8182 )) 
 Catch-up = 1.8182 - 1.50 = 0.3182 
 Incentive fee = (100 0.3182 + (17.5 (2.925 - 1.8182 )) 
 = 0.3182 + (17.5 1.1068 
 = 0.3182 + 0.1937 
 = 0.5119 
 __________ 
 (A) Solely for purposes of these illustrative examples, we have assumed that we have not incurred any leverage. However, we have in the past and expect to continue in the future to use leverage to partially finance our investments. 
 
 1. Represents 6.0 annualized preferred return. 
 2. Represents 1.50 annualized management fee and does not reflect any waivers of the management fee. 
 3. The catch-up provision is intended to provide our Adviser with an incentive fee of 17.5 on all of our pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a preferred return did not apply when our net investment income exceeds 1.50 in any calendar quarter and is not applied once our Adviser has received 17.5 of investment income in a quarter. The catch-up portion of our pre-incentive fee net investment income is the portion that exceeds the 1.50 preferred return but is less than or equal to approximately 1.8182 (that is, 1.50 divided by (1 - 0.175)) in any fiscal quarter. 
 12 

Example 2: Incentive Fee on Capital Gains under the Investment Advisory Agreement 
 Assumptions 
 Year 1: 10 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), 10 million investment made in Company B Investment B ), 10 million investment made in Company C Investment C ), 10 million investment made in Company D Investment D and 10 million investment made in Company E Investment E ). 
 Year 2: Investment A sold for 20 million, fair market value FMV of Investment B determined to be 8 million, FMV of Investment C determined to be 12 million, and FMV of Investments D and E each determined to be 10 million. 
 Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 8 million, FMV of Investment C determined to be 14 million, FMV of Investment D determined to be 14 million and FMV of Investment E determined to be 16 million. 
 Year 4: Investment D sold for 12 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 10 million, FMV of Investment C determined to be 16 million and FMV of Investment E determined to be 14 million. 
 Year 5: Investment C sold for 20 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 14 million and FMV of Investment E determined to be 10 million. 
 Year 6: Investment B sold for 16 million and FMV of Investment E determined to be 8 million. 
 Year 7: Investment E sold for 8 million and FMV. 

These assumptions are summarized in the following chart: 
 Investment A Investment B Investment C Investment D Investment E Cumulative Unrealized Capital Depreciation Cumulative Realized Capital Losses Cumulative Realized Capital Gains Year 1 10 million (cost basis) 10 million (cost basis) 10 million (cost basis) 10 million (cost basis) 10 million (cost basis) -- -- -- Year 2 20 million (sale price) 8 million FMV 12 million FMV 10 million FMV 10 million FMV 2 million -- 10 million Year 3 -- 8 million FMV 14 million FMV 14 million FMV 16 million FMV 2 million -- 10 million Year 4 -- 10 million FMV 16 million FMV 12 million (sale price) 14 million FMV -- -- 12 million Year 5 -- 14 million FMV 20 million (sale price) -- 10 million FMV -- -- 22 million Year 6 -- 16 million (sale price) -- -- 8 million FMV 2 million -- 28 million Year 7 -- -- -- -- 8 million (sale price) -- 2 million 28 million 

The Incentive Fee on Capital Gains under the Investment Advisory Agreement would be: 
 Year 1: None 
 
 Year 2: Capital Gains Fee = 17.5 multiplied by 10 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A less 2 million cumulative capital depreciation) = 1.4 million 
 
 Year 3: Capital Gains Fee = (17.5 multiplied by 10 million cumulative realized capital gains less 2 million cumulative capital depreciation)) less 1.4 million cumulative Capital Gains Fee previously paid = 1.4 million less 1.4 million = 0.00 million 
 
 Year 4: Capital Gains Fee = (17.5 multiplied by 12 million cumulative realized capital gains)) less 1.4 million cumulative Capital Gains Fee previously paid = 2.1 million less 1.4 million = 0.7 million 
 
 Year 5: Capital Gains Fee = (17.5 multiplied by 22 million cumulative realized capital gains)) less 2.1 million cumulative Capital Gains Fee previously paid = 3.85 million less 2.1 million = 1.75 million 
 
 Year 6: Capital Gains Fee = (17.5 multiplied by 28 million cumulative realized capital gains less 2 million cumulative capital depreciation)) less 3.85 million cumulative Capital Gains Fee previously paid = 4.55 million less 3.85 million = 0.70 million 
 
 13 

Year 7: Capital Gains Fee = (17.5 multiplied by 28 million cumulative realized capital gains less 2 million cumulative realized capital losses)) less 4.55 million cumulative Capital Gains Fee previously paid = 4.55 million less 4.55 million = 0.00 million 
 Duration and Termination 
 Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect from year-to-year if approved annually by our Board or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, including, in either case, approval by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons. The Investment Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment. The Investment Advisory Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other. The Investment Advisory Agreement may also be terminated, without penalty, upon the vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 Indemnification 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of their respective duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of their respective duties and obligations, Oaktree and its officers, managers, partners, members (and their members, including the owners of their members), agents, employees, controlling persons and any other person or entity affiliated with it, are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of Oaktree s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as our investment adviser. 
 Organization of our Adviser 
 Our Adviser is a Delaware limited liability company that is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. The principal address of our Adviser is 333 South Grand Avenue, 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 
 Board Approval of the Investment Advisory Agreement 
 At the meeting held on November 8, 2023, our Board of Directors, including all of the independent directors, unanimously approved the Investment Advisory Agreement. In reaching its decision to approve the Investment Advisory Agreement, our Board of Directors, including all of the independent directors, reviewed a significant amount of information, which had been furnished by Oaktree at the request of independent counsel, on behalf of the independent directors. In reaching a decision to approve the Investment Advisory Agreement, our Board of Directors considered, among other things: 
 
 the nature, extent and quality of services performed by Oaktree; 
 the investment performance of us and other Business Development Companies with a similar investment objective to us; 
 the costs of services provided and the profits realized by Oaktree and its affiliates from their relationship with us; 
 the possible economies of scale that would be realized due to our growth; 
 whether fee levels reflect such economies of scale for the benefit of investors; and 
 comparisons of services rendered to and fees paid by us with the services provided by and the fees paid to other investment advisers and the services provided to and the fees paid by other Oaktree clients. 
 No single factor was determinative of the decision of our Board of Directors, including all of the independent directors, to approve the Investment Advisory Agreement and individual directors may have weighed certain factors differently. Throughout the process, the independent directors were advised by, and met separately with, independent counsel. 
 Payment of Our Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses are the payment of (i) a base management fee and any incentive fees and (ii) the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by Oaktree Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement. Our management fee compensates our Adviser for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, executing and servicing our investments. We generally bear all other expenses of our operations and transactions, including (without limitation) fees and expenses relating to: 
 
 expenses of offering our debt and equity securities; 
 the investigation and monitoring of our investments; 
 the cost of calculating our net asset value; 
 14 

the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of shares of our common stock and other securities; 
 management and incentive fees payable pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement; 
 fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments and valuing investments (including third-party valuation firms); 
 transfer agent, trustee and custodial fees; 
 interest payments and other costs related to our borrowings; 
 fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts (including attendance at investment conferences and similar events); 
 federal and state registration fees; 
 any exchange listing fees; 
 federal, state and local taxes; 
 independent directors fees and expenses; 
 brokerage commissions; 
 costs of mailing proxy statements, stockholders reports and notices; 
 costs of preparing government filings, including periodic and current reports with the SEC; 
 fidelity bond, liability insurance and other insurance premiums; and 
 printing, mailing, independent accountants and outside legal costs and all other direct expenses incurred by either our administrator or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement. 
 Administration Agreement 
 We are party to the Administration Agreement with Oaktree Administrator. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, Oaktree Administrator provides administrative services to us necessary for our operations, which include providing office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities and such other services as Oaktree Administrator, subject to review by our Board of Directors, shall from time to time deem to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under the Administration Agreement. Oaktree Administrator may, on behalf of us, conduct relations and negotiate agreements with custodians, trustees, depositories, attorneys, underwriters, brokers and dealers, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks and such other persons in any such other capacity deemed to be necessary or desirable. Oaktree Administrator will make reports to our Board of Directors of its performance of obligations under the Administration Agreement and furnish advice and recommendations with respect to such other aspects of our business and affairs, in each case, as it shall determine to be desirable or as reasonably required by our Board of Directors; provided that Oaktree Administrator shall not provide any investment advice or recommendation. 
 Oaktree Administrator also provides portfolio collection functions for interest income, fees and warrants and is responsible for the financial and other records that we are required to maintain, and prepares, prints and disseminates reports to our stockholders and all other materials filed with the SEC. In addition, Oaktree Administrator assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of our tax returns, and generally overseeing the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Oaktree Administrator may also offer to provide, on our behalf, managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. 
 For providing these services, facilities and personnel, we reimburse Oaktree Administrator the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by Oaktree Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including our allocable portion of the rent of our principal executive offices (which are located in a building owned by a Brookfield affiliate) at market rates and our allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, their staffs and other non-investment professionals at Oaktree that perform duties for us. Such reimbursement is at cost, with no profit to, or markup by, Oaktree Administrator. 
 The Administration Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of their respective duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of their respective duties and obligations, Oaktree Administrator and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members (or their owners) and any other person or entity affiliated with it, are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of Oaktree Administrator s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as our administrator. 
 Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Administration Agreement will remain in effect from year-to-year if approved annually by our Board of Directors or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting 
 15 

securities, including, in either case, approval by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other. The Administration Agreement may also be terminated, without penalty, upon the vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 Competition 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. We compete for investments with various other investors, such as other public and private funds, other Business Development Companies, commercial and investment banks, commercial finance companies and to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity funds, some of which may be our affiliates. Other Oaktree funds may have investment objectives that overlap with ours, which may result in us receiving no or limited allocations. Many competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that will not be available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than we do, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the Investment Company Act and the Code impose on us. The competitive pressures could impair our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure We may face increasing competition for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses." 
 Staffing 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business are provided through the Administration Agreement and the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 Allocation of Investment Opportunities and Potential Conflicts of Interest 
 Our executive officers and directors, and certain members of our Adviser, serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do or of investment funds managed by our affiliates. For example, Oaktree presently serves as the investment adviser to Oaktree Gardens OLP, LLC, or OLPG, a private Business Development Company, and Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund, or OSCF, a continuously offered Business Development Company. All of our executive officers serve in substantially similar capacities for OLPG and OSCF, and one of our independent directors serves as an independent director of OSCF. OLPG and OSCF invest in senior secured loans, including first lien, unitranche and second lien debt instruments that pay interest at rates which are determined periodically on the basis of a floating base lending rate, made to private middle-market companies whose debt is rated below investment grade, similar to those we target for investment. Oaktree and its affiliates also manage or sub-advise other Business Development Companies, registered investment companies and private investment funds and accounts, and may manage other such funds and accounts in the future, which have investment mandates that are similar, in whole and in part, with ours. Therefore, there may be certain investment opportunities that satisfy the investment criteria for OLPG, OSCF and us as well as other Business Development Companies, registered investment companies and private investment funds and accounts advised or sub-advised by Oaktree or its affiliates. In addition, Oaktree and its affiliates may have obligations to investors in other entities that they advise or sub-advise, the fulfillment of which might not be in the best interests of us or our stockholders. 
 For example, the personnel of our Adviser may face conflicts of interest in the allocation of investment opportunities to us and such other funds and accounts. Oaktree has investment allocation guidelines that govern the allocation of investment opportunities among the investment funds and accounts managed or sub-advised by Oaktree and its affiliates. To the extent an investment opportunity is appropriate for OLPG, OSCF or us or any other investment fund or account managed or sub-advised by Oaktree or its affiliates, Oaktree will adhere to its investment allocation guidelines in order to determine a fair and equitable allocation. 
 We may invest alongside funds and accounts managed or sub-advised by our Adviser and its affiliates in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with applicable law and SEC staff interpretations. For example, we may invest alongside such accounts consistent with guidance promulgated by the staff of the SEC permitting us and such other accounts to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met, including that our Adviser, acting on our behalf and on behalf of other clients, negotiates no term other than price or terms related to price. 
 In addition, affiliates of our Adviser have received exemptive relief from the SEC to allow certain managed funds and accounts, each of whose investment adviser is OCM or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by or under common 
 16 

control with OCM, such as our Adviser, as well as proprietary accounts (subject to certain conditions) to participate in negotiated co-investment transactions where doing so is consistent with the applicable registered fund s or Business Development Company s investment objective and strategies as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, and pursuant to the conditions of the exemptive relief. Each potential co-investment opportunity that falls under the terms of the exemptive relief and is appropriate for us and any affiliated fund or account, and satisfies the then-current board-established criteria, will be offered to us and such other eligible funds and accounts. If there is a sufficient amount of securities to satisfy all participants, the securities will be allocated among the participants in accordance with their proposed order size and if there is an insufficient amount of securities to satisfy all participants, the securities will be allocated pro rata based on the investment proposed by the applicable investment adviser to such participant, up to the amount proposed to be invested by each, which is reviewed and approved by an independent committee of legal, compliance and accounting professionals at our Adviser. We may also invest alongside funds managed by our Adviser and its affiliates in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with applicable law and SEC staff interpretations. For example, we may invest alongside such accounts consistent with guidance promulgated by the staff of the SEC permitting us and such other accounts to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met, including that our Adviser, acting on our behalf and on behalf of other clients, negotiates no term other than price. 
 Although Oaktree will endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner, we and our common stockholders could be adversely affected to the extent investment opportunities are allocated among us and other investment vehicles managed or sponsored by, or affiliated with, our executive officers, directors and members of our Adviser. We might not participate in each individual opportunity, but will, on an overall basis, be entitled to participate equitably with other entities managed by Oaktree and its affiliates. Oaktree is committed to treating all clients fairly and equitably over time such that none receive preferential treatment vis- -vis the others over time, in a manner consistent with its fiduciary duty to each of them; however, in some instances, especially in instances of limited liquidity, the factors may not result in pro rata allocations or may result in situations where certain funds or accounts receive allocations where others do not. 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, our Adviser s liability is limited and we are required to indemnify our Adviser against certain liabilities. This may lead our Adviser to act in a riskier manner in performing its duties and obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement than it would if it were acting for its own account, and creates a potential conflict of interest. 
 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, Oaktree Administrator furnishes us with the facilities, including our principal executive office, and administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. We pay Oaktree Administrator its allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by Oaktree Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including, without limitation, a portion of the rent at market rates and compensation of our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, their respective staffs and other non-investment professionals at Oaktree that perform duties for us. 
 Election to be Taxed as a Regulated Investment Company 
 
 We have elected to be treated, and intend to operate in a manner so as to continuously qualify annually, as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not be required to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute (or are deemed to distribute) to our stockholders as dividends. Instead, dividends we distribute (or are deemed to distributed) generally will be taxable to stockholders, and any net operating losses, foreign tax credits and most other tax attributes generally will not pass through to stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal corporate-level income tax on any undistributed income and gains. To continue to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment we must distribute (or be deemed to distribute) to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of the Company s investment company taxable income for that year, which is generally its ordinary income plus the excess of its realized net short-term capital gains over its realized net long-term capital losses (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction), or the Annual Distribution Requirement. Our qualification and taxation as a RIC depends upon our ability to satisfy on a continuing basis, through actual, annual operating results, distribution, income and asset, and other requirements imposed under the Code. However, no assurance can be given that we will be able to meet the complex and varied tests required to qualify as a RIC or to avoid corporate level tax. In addition, because the relevant laws may change, compliance with one or more of the RIC requirements may be impossible or impracticable. 
 17 

If we: 
 qualify as a RIC; and 
 satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement; 
 
 then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) we distribute (or are deemed to distribute) to stockholders. We are subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular U.S. corporate income tax rates on any income or capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 
 We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute (or are deemed to distribute) in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any income realized, but not distributed, less certain reductions, as applicable, and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax, in preceding years. 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 at all times during each taxable year, have in effect an election to be treated as a Business Development Company under the Investment Company Act; 
 
 derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from (a) dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities (including loans), gains from the sale of stock or other securities or foreign currencies, net income from certain "qualified publicly traded partnerships," or other income (including certain deemed inclusions) derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or foreign currencies and (b) net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership; (the 90 Gross Income Test and 
 
 diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 
 
 (i) at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of its assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 
 
 (ii) no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in a the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, b the securities of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or c the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships (i) and (ii) collectively, the Diversification Tests ). 
 We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having OID (such as debt instruments with increasing interest rates or debt instruments issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. Because any OID accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. 
 Because we use debt financing, we are subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the Investment Company Act described above and financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources or are otherwise limited in our ability to make distributions, we could fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to U.S. corporate-level income tax. 
 Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things: (a) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions; (b) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income; (c) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited); (d) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash; (e) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of securities is deemed to occur; (f) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions; or (g) produce income that will not be qualifying 
 18 

income for purposes of the 90 Gross Income Test described above. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections in order to mitigate the potential adverse effect of these provisions. 
 If, in any particular taxable year, we do not qualify as a RIC, all of our taxable income (including our net capital gains) will be subject to tax at regular U.S. corporate income tax rates without any deduction for distributions to stockholders, and distributions will be taxable to the stockholders as ordinary dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. 
 Business Development Company Regulations 
 We have elected to be a Business Development Company under the Investment Company Act. As with other companies regulated by the Investment Company Act, a Business Development Company must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. The Investment Company Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between Business Development Companies and their affiliates (including any investment advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters. 
 The Investment Company Act further requires that a majority of our directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act. In addition, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a Business Development Company unless authorized by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities, as required by the Investment Company Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the Investment Company Act as the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. We do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 
 We are not generally able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the current net asset value of the common stock if our Board of Directors determines that such sale is in our best interests and that of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price which, in the determination of our Board of Directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount). We may also make rights offerings to our stockholders at prices per share less than the net asset value per share, subject to applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act. 
 Investment Restrictions 
 We do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the Investment Company Act. Under such limits, except for registered money market funds, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any registered investment company (which may be increased to 25 in certain circumstances under certain fund of funds arrangements), invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one registered investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of registered investment companies in the aggregate. The portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies ordinarily will subject stockholders to additional indirect expenses. None of the policies described above is fundamental and each such policy may be changed without stockholder approval, subject to any limitations imposed by the Investment Company Act. 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the Investment Company Act, a Business Development Company may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are any of the following: 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the Investment Company Act as any issuer which: 
 (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 
 (b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the Business Development Company) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the Investment Company Act; and 
 (c) satisfies any of the following: 
 19 

(i) does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 
 (ii) has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million; 
 (iii) is controlled by a Business Development Company or a group of companies including a Business Development Company and the Business Development Company has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 
 (iv) is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million; 
 (2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control; 
 (3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements; 
 (4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company; 
 (5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities; or 
 (6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 A Business Development Company must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, a Business Development Company must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance. However, when a Business Development Company purchases securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance includes any arrangement whereby a Business Development Company, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investment in other types of "qualifying assets," as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment (collectively, temporary investments so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. We may also invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as the Company, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our gross assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the Diversification Tests. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 Senior Securities 
 At a special meeting of stockholders held on June 28, 2019, our stockholders approved the application of the reduced asset coverage requirements in Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act to us, effective as of June 29, 2019. The reduced asset coverage requirements permit us to double the maximum amount of leverage that we are permitted to incur by 
 20 

reducing the asset coverage requirements applicable to us from 200 to 150 . As a result of the reduced asset coverage requirement, we can incur 2 of debt for each 1 of equity. 
 Consistent with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, we are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as calculated as provided in the Investment Company Act, is at least 150 immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we may make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We would also be permitted to borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for generally up to 60 days for temporary purposes without regard to asset coverage. 
 Other 
 We are subject to periodic examination by the SEC for compliance with the Investment Company Act. 
 We are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a Business Development Company, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 We and our Adviser are each required to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the U.S. federal securities laws, review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation, and designate a Chief Compliance Officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a joint code of ethics with OLPG and OSCF pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act and we have also approved Oaktree s code of ethics that was adopted by it under Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act. These codes establish procedures for personal investments and restrict certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the codes may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the applicable code s requirements. The codes of ethics are available on the EDGAR Database on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and our code of ethics is available at the Investors: Corporate Governance portion of our website at www.oaktreespecialtylending.com. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to our Adviser. The proxy voting policies and procedures of our Adviser are set forth below. These guidelines are reviewed periodically by our Adviser and our independent directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 An investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, our Adviser recognizes that it must vote portfolio securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of its clients. 
 These policies and procedures for voting proxies are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 Our Adviser will vote proxies relating to our portfolio securities, if any, in what it perceives to be the best interest of our stockholders. Our Adviser will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a shareholder vote to determine its impact on portfolio securities held by us. Although our Adviser will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on our portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there are compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 Our Adviser s proxy voting decisions will be made by officers who are responsible for monitoring each of our investments. To ensure that the vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, our Adviser will require that: (1) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to the Chief Compliance Officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision-making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how our Adviser intends to vote on a proposal, in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 21 

Stockholders may obtain information regarding how we voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation, Chief Compliance Officer, 333 South Grand Avenue, 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. 
 Reporting Obligations 
 We file annual reports containing audited financial statements, quarterly reports, and such other periodic reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required by law. We are required to comply with all periodic reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 
 We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the SEC in accordance with the Exchange Act. These include our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov . 
 We maintain a website at www.oaktreespecialtylending.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act Compliance 
 We are subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements of the Exchange Act, including the filing of quarterly, annual and current reports, proxy statements and other required items. In addition, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on public companies and their insiders. For example: 
 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer are required to certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 
 pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports are required to disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; and 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management is required to prepare a report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm is required to audit our internal control over financial reporting. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
 
 Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Regulations 
 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC has adopted corporate governance regulations that listed companies must comply with. We are in compliance with such corporate governance regulations as applicable to us. 

Item 1A. 
 22 

23 

24 

25 

26 

27 

28 

29 

30 

31 

32 

33 

(exclusive of deferred financing costs and inclusive of the impact of an interest rate swap designated as a hedging instrument). We will need to generate sufficient cash flow to make these required interest payments. In order for us to cover our annual interest payments on indebtedness, we must achieve annual returns on our September 30, 2023 total assets of at least . If we are unable to meet the financial obligations under our credit facilities, the lenders under such credit facilities will have a superior claim to our assets over our stockholders. If we are unable to meet the financial obligations under the 2025 Notes, 2027 Notes or 2029 Notes, the holders thereof will have the right to declare the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest on such notes to be due and payable immediately. 

Illustration. 
 
 - - 
 
 For purposes of this table, we have assumed 3,116.5 million in total assets (less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities), 1,660.0 million in debt outstanding, 1,515.8 million in net assets as of September 30, 2023, and a weighted average interest rate of as of September 30, 2023 (exclusive of deferred financing costs and inclusive of the impact of an interest rate swap designated as a hedging instrument). Actual interest payments may be different. 
 
 Substantially all of our assets are subject to security interests under our credit facilities and if we default on our obligations under any such facility, we may suffer adverse consequences, including foreclosure on our assets. 
 34 

35 

36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties material to our operations. Our administrative and principal executive offices are located at 333 South Grand Avenue, 28th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90071. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is presently conducted. 
 48 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are currently not a party to any pending material legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 49 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Price Range of Common Stock 
 Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "OCSL." The following table sets forth, for each fiscal quarter during the last two most recently completed fiscal years and for the current fiscal year, the range of high and low sales prices of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the premium (discount) of sales price to our net asset value, or NAV, and the distributions declared by us for each fiscal quarter. 
 
 ) 0.465 Second quarter ) 0.480 Third quarter ) 0.495 Fourth quarter ) 0.510 Year ended September 30, 2023 First quarter ) 0.960 Second quarter ) 0.550 Third quarter ) 0.550 Fourth quarter ) 0.550 Year ending September 30, 2024 First quarter (through November 10, 2023) 20.17 18.41 0.620 (4) 
 
 __________ 
 Not determinable at the time of filing. 
 (1) NAV per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the NAV per share on the date of the high and low sales prices. The NAVs shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of each period. 
 (2) Calculated as the respective high or low sales price less NAV, divided by NAV. 
 (3) Represents the distribution declared in the specified quarter. We have adopted an opt out dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. Distributions by us are generally taxable to U.S. stockholders as ordinary income or capital gains. 
 (4) On November 8, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly distribution of per share payable on December 29, 2023 to stockholders of record on December 15, 2023. On November 8, 2023, our Board of Directors also declared a special distribution of per share payable on December 29, 2023 to stockholders of record on December 15, 2023. 
 The last reported price for our common stock on November 10, 2023 was 19.73 per share, which represented a 0.5 premium to our NAV as of September 30, 2023. As of November 10, 2023, we had 54 stockholders of record, which did not include stockholders for whom shares are held in nominee or street name. 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 We did not engage in any sales of unregistered securities during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative 5-year total return provided to shareholders on Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation s common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the Standard Poor s 500 Index, the Russell 2000 Financial Services Index and the S P BDC Index. An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our common stock and in each index on September 30, 2018 and its relative performance is tracked through 
 50 

September 30, 2023. The stock performance graph shows returns during management by Oaktree and its affiliates for the period from September 30, 2018 through September 30, 2023. 

September 30, 2018 September 30, 2019 September 30, 2020 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2022 September 30, 2023 Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 100.00 112.60 114.41 180.45 168.51 214.73 S P 500 100.00 104.25 120.05 156.07 131.92 160.44 S P BDC Index 100.00 107.68 86.43 133.39 113.61 152.70 Russell 2000 Financial Services 100.00 98.65 75.91 125.89 106.72 102.56 
 
 51 

Stock Repurchase Program 
 We did not repurchase shares of our common stock during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 Fee and Expenses 
 
 (1) Offering expenses (as a percentage of offering price) (2) Dividend reinvestment plan fees Up to 
 (3) Total stockholder transaction expenses (as a percentage of offering price) (4) Annual expenses (as a percentage of net assets attributable to common stock): Base management fees (5) Incentive fees (17.5 (6) Interest payments on borrowed funds (including other costs of servicing and offering debt securities) (7) Other expenses (8) Acquired fund fees and expenses (9) Total annual expenses (10) 
 __________ 
 (1) If applicable, the prospectus or prospectus supplement relating to an offering of our common stock will disclose the applicable sales load. 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) Total stockholder transaction expenses may include sales load and will be disclosed in a future prospectus supplement, if any. 
 (5) 
 (6) The incentive fee consists of two parts. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the incentive fee on income is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based upon our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding quarter. The payment of the incentive fee on income is subject to payment of a preferred return to investors each quarter (i.e., a hurdle rate ), expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the most recently completed quarter, of 1.50 , subject to a catch up feature. In addition, pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any amortization or accretion of any purchase premium or purchase discount to interest income resulting solely from merger-related accounting adjustments in connection with the assets acquired in the OCSI Merger or in the OSI2 Merger, in each case, including any premium or discount paid for the acquisition of such assets, solely to the extent 
 52 

(exclusive of deferred financing costs and inclusive of the impact of an interest rate swap designated as a hedging instrument). The amount of leverage that we employ at any particular time will depend on, among other things, our Board of Directors assessment of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) Total annual expenses is presented as a percentage of net assets attributable to common stockholders because our common stockholders bear all of our fees and expenses and includes all fees and expenses of our consolidated subsidiaries. Total annual expenses does not reflect any potential provision (benefit) for income taxes because of the uncertainties associated with determining such amounts in future periods. 

53 

Example 
 Assuming a 5 annual return (assumes return entirely from net realized capital gains) 139 396 628 1,107 
 
 54 

Financial Highlights 
 (Share amounts in thousands) Year ended September 30, 2023(6) Year ended September 30, 2022(6) Year ended September 30, 2021(6) Year ended September 30, 2020(6) Year ended September 30, 2019(6) Net asset value per share at beginning of period Net investment income (1) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (1)(7) ) ) ) Net realized gains (losses) (1) ) ) (Provision) benefit for taxes on realized and unrealized gains (losses) (1) ) ) ) ) Distributions of net investment income to stockholders ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock ) Net asset value per share at end of period 19.63 20.38 21.84 19.47 19.81 Per share market value at beginning of period Per share market value at end of period Total return (2) ) Common shares outstanding at beginning of period Common shares outstanding at end of period Net assets at beginning of period Net assets at end of period Average net assets (3) Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (3) Ratio of total expenses to average net assets (3) Ratio of net expenses to average net assets (3) Ratio of portfolio turnover to average investments at fair value Weighted average outstanding debt (4) Average debt per share (1) Asset coverage ratio at end of period (5) __________ (1) Calculated based upon weighted average shares outstanding for the period. (2) Total return equals the increase or decrease of ending market value over beginning market value, plus distributions, divided by the beginning market value, assuming dividend reinvestment prices obtained under the our DRIP. Total return does not include sales load. (3) Calculated based upon the weighted average net assets for the period. (4) Calculated based upon the weighted average of principal debt outstanding for the period. (5) Based on outstanding senior securities of million, 1,350.0 million, 1,280.0 million, 714.8 million and 476.1 million as of September 30, 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 (6) The share and per share information disclosed in this table has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect our 1-for-3 reverse stock split completed on January 20, 2023 and effective as of the commencement of trading on January 23, 2023. 
 (7) For the year ended September 30, 2023, the amount shown for net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) includes the effect of the timing of common stock issuances in connection with the OSI2 Merger. For the year ended September 30, 2021, the amount shown for net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) includes the effect of the timing of common stock issuances in connection with the OCSI Merger. 
 
 55 

Year ended September 30, 2018 (1)(7) Year ended September 30, 2017 (7) Year ended September 30, 2016 (7) Year Ended September 30, 2015 (7) Year Ended September 30, 2014 (7) Net asset value at beginning of period 18.47 23.92 27.01 28.93 29.54 Net investment income (5) 1.28 1.54 2.17 2.25 3.01 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (5) 2.17 (2.09) (0.97) (1.39) (0.67) Net realized gains (losses) (5) (2.47) (3.64) (2.55) (0.56) 0.05 Distributions of net investment income to stockholders (0.81) (1.41) (2.01) (2.37) (2.82) Tax return of capital (0.38) (0.15) (0.18) Net issuance/repurchase of common stock 0.15 0.42 0.15 Net asset value at end of period 18.26 18.47 23.92 27.01 28.93 Per share market value at beginning of period 16.41 17.43 18.51 27.54 30.87 Per share market value at end of period 14.88 16.41 17.43 18.51 27.54 Total return (2) (1.49) 2.84 7.02 (27.18) (0.97) Common shares outstanding at beginning of period 46,987 47,753 50,088 51,113 46,347 Common shares outstanding at end of period 46,987 46,987 47,753 50,088 51,113 Net assets at beginning of period 867,657 1,142,288 1,353,094 1,478,475 1,368,872 Net assets at end of period 858,035 867,657 1,142,288 1,353,094 1,478,475 Average net assets (3) 841,583 1,018,498 1,229,639 1,413,357 1,393,635 Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (3) 7.13 7.13 8.68 8.13 10.23 Ratio of total expenses to average net assets (3) 9.51 10.49 13.09 10.69 10.91 Ratio of net expenses to average net assets (3) 9.35 10.35 11.48 10.65 10.86 Ratio of portfolio turnover to average investments at fair value 67.66 39.06 23.39 23.02 25.50 Weighted average outstanding debt (4) 608,553 982,372 1,190,105 1,228,413 1,110,021 Average debt per share (5) 12.95 20.84 24.22 24.06 23.45 Asset coverage ratio at end of period (6) 232.98 227.40 220.84 238.95 259.50 
 __________ 
 (1) Beginning on October 17, 2017, we are externally managed by Oaktree or its affiliates. Prior to October 17, 2017, we were externally managed by the Fifth Street Management LLC. (2) Total return equals the increase or decrease of ending market value over beginning market value, plus distributions, divided by the beginning market value, assuming dividend reinvestment prices obtained under the DRIP. Total return does not include sales load. (3) Calculated based upon the weighted average net assets for the period. (4) Calculated based upon the weighted average of principal debt outstanding for the period. (5) Calculated based upon weighted average shares outstanding for the period. (6) Based on outstanding senior securities of 643.4 million, 680.7 million, 946.5 million, 975.3 million and 928.4 million as of September 30, 2018, 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. (7) The share and per share information disclosed in this table has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect our 1-for-3 reverse stock split completed on January 20, 2023 and effective as of the commencement of trading on January 23, 2023. 

56 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in connection with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Some of the statements in this annual report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K may include statements as to: 
 
 our future operating results and distribution projections; 
 the ability of Oaktree to implement Oaktree's future plans with respect to our business and to achieve our investment objective; 
 the ability of Oaktree and its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 
 the impact of the investments that we expect to make; 
 the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 
 our expected financings and investments and additional leverage we may seek to incur in the future; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 
 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 
 the cost or potential outcome of any litigation to which we may be a party, and 
 the impact of current global economic conditions, including those caused by inflation, a rising interest rate environment and geopolitical events or all of the foregoing. 
 In addition, words such as anticipate, believe, expect, seek, plan, should, estimate, project and intend indicate forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: 
 
 changes or potential disruptions in our operations, the economy, financial markets or political environment, including those caused by inflation and a rising interest rate environment; 
 risks associated with a possible disruption in our operations, the operations of our portfolio companies or the economy generally due to terrorism, war or other geopolitical conflict, natural disasters, pandemics or cybersecurity incidents; 
 future changes in laws or regulations (including the interpretation of these laws and regulations by regulatory authorities) and conditions in our operating areas, particularly with respect to Business Development Companies or RICs; and 
 other considerations that may be disclosed from time to time in our publicly disseminated documents and filings. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K on information available to us on the date of this annual report, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 
 All dollar amounts in tables are in thousands, except share and per share amounts and as otherwise indicated. 
 Business Overview 
 We are a specialty finance company dedicated to providing customized, one-stop credit solutions to companies with limited access to public or syndicated capital markets. We are a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a Business Development Company under the Investment Company Act. In addition, we have qualified and elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 57 

We are externally managed by Oaktree pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. Oaktree Administrator, an affiliate of Oaktree, provides certain administrative and other services necessary for us to operate pursuant to the Administration Agreement. 

On March 19, 2021, we acquired OCSI pursuant to the OCSI Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the OCSI Merger Agreement, OCSI was merged with and into us in a two-step transaction with us as the surviving company. 
 
 On January 23, 2023, we acquired OSI2 pursuant to the OSI2 Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the OSI2 Merger Agreement, OSI2 was merged with and into us in a two-step transaction with us as the surviving company. 
 58 

Business Environment and Developments 
 
 Global financial markets have experienced an increase in volatility as concerns about the impact of higher inflation, rising interest rates, a potential recession and the current conflicts in Ukraine and Israel have weighed on market participants. These factors have created disruptions in supply chains and economic activity and have had a particularly adverse impact on certain companies in the energy, raw materials and transportation sectors, among others. These uncertainties can ultimately impact the overall supply and demand of the market through changing spreads, deal terms and structures and equity purchase price multiples. 
 
 We are unable to predict the full effects of these macroeconomic events or how long any further market disruptions or volatility might last. We continue to closely monitor the impact these events have on our business, industry and portfolio companies and will provide constructive solutions where necessary. 
 
 Against this uncertain macroeconomic backdrop, we believe attractive risk-adjusted returns can be achieved by making loans to middle market companies that typically possess resilient business models with strong underlying fundamentals. Given the breadth of the investment platform and decades of credit investing experience of Oaktree and its affiliates, we believe that we have the resources and experience to source, diligence and structure investments in these companies and are well placed to generate attractive returns for investors. 
 As of September 30, 2023, 86.2 of our debt investment portfolio (at fair value) and 86.4 of our debt investment portfolio (at cost) bore interest at floating rates. Most of our floating rate loans are indexed to SOFR, which typically resets semi-annually, quarterly or monthly at the borrower s option. Certain loans are also indexed to an alternate base rate (e.g., prime rate), the Sterling Overnight Index Average, or SONIA, or LIBOR. Most U.S. dollar LIBOR rates are no longer published after June 30, 2023 although certain synthetic rates will be published through September 30, 2024. The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, supports replacing U.S.-dollar LIBOR with SOFR. As of September 30, 2023, primarily all of our loan agreements with portfolio companies as well as our credit facilities and interest rate swap agreements either include fallback language to address a LIBOR replacement or such agreements have been amended to no longer utilize LIBOR as a factor in determining the interest rate. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Oaktree, as the valuation designee of our Board pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the Investment Company Act, determines the fair value of our assets on at least a quarterly basis in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, or ASC 820. ASC 820 defines fair value as the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. A liability s fair value is defined as the amount that would be paid to transfer the liability to a new obligor, not the amount that would be paid to settle the liability with the creditor. ASC 820 prioritizes the use of observable market prices over entity-specific inputs. Where observable prices or inputs are not available or reliable, valuation techniques are applied. These valuation techniques involve some level of management estimation and judgment, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the investments or market and the investments complexity. 
 Hierarchical levels, defined by ASC 820 and directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to fair valuation of these assets and liabilities, are as follows: 
 
 Level 1 Unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the measurement date. 
 Level 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data at the measurement date for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs that reflect Oaktree s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Consideration is given to the risk inherent in the valuation technique and the risk inherent in the inputs to the model. 
 If inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, an investment's level is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Oaktree's assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the investment. This includes investment securities that are valued using "bid" and "ask" prices obtained from independent third party pricing 
 59 

services or directly from brokers. These investments may be classified as Level 3 because the quoted prices may be indicative in nature for securities that are in an inactive market, may be for similar securities or may require adjustments for investment-specific factors or restrictions. 
 Financial instruments with readily available quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment inherent in measuring fair value. As such, Oaktree obtains and analyzes readily available market quotations provided by pricing vendors and brokers for all of our investments for which quotations are available. In determining the fair value of a particular investment, pricing vendors and brokers use observable market information, including both binding and non-binding indicative quotations. 
 Oaktree seeks to obtain at least two quotations for the subject or similar securities, typically from pricing vendors. If Oaktree is unable to obtain two quotes from pricing vendors, or if the prices obtained from pricing vendors are not within our set threshold, Oaktree seeks to obtain a quote directly from a broker making a market for the asset. Oaktree evaluates the quotations provided by pricing vendors and brokers based on available market information, including trading activity of the subject or similar securities, or by performing a comparable security analysis to ensure that fair values are reasonably estimated. Oaktree also performs back-testing of valuation information obtained from pricing vendors and brokers against actual prices received in transactions. In addition to ongoing monitoring and back-testing, Oaktree performs due diligence procedures over pricing vendors to understand their methodology and controls to support their use in the valuation process. Generally, Oaktree does not adjust any of the prices received from these sources. 
 If the quotations obtained from pricing vendors or brokers are determined to not be reliable or are not readily available, Oaktree values such investments using any of three different valuation techniques. The first valuation technique is the transaction precedent technique, which utilizes recent or expected future transactions of the investment to determine fair value, to the extent applicable. The second valuation technique is an analysis of the enterprise value, or EV, of the portfolio company. EV means the entire value of the portfolio company to a market participant, including the sum of the values of debt and equity securities used to capitalize the enterprise at a point in time. The EV analysis is typically performed to determine (i) the value of equity investments, (ii) whether there is credit impairment for debt investments and (iii) the value for debt investments that we are deemed to control under the Investment Company Act. To estimate the EV of a portfolio company, Oaktree analyzes various factors, including the portfolio company s historical and projected financial results, macroeconomic impacts on the company and competitive dynamics in the company s industry. Oaktree also utilizes some or all of the following information based on the individual circumstances of the portfolio company: (i) valuations of comparable public companies, (ii) recent sales of private and public comparable companies in similar industries or having similar business or earnings characteristics, (iii) purchase prices as a multiple of their earnings or cash flow, (iv) the portfolio company s ability to meet its forecasts and its business prospects, (v) a discounted cash flow analysis, (vi) estimated liquidation or collateral value of the portfolio company s assets and (vii) offers from third parties to buy the portfolio company. Oaktree may probability weight potential sale outcomes with respect to a portfolio company when uncertainty exists as of the valuation date. Under the EV technique, the significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of our investments in debt or equity securities is the EBITDA, revenue or asset multiple, as applicable. Increases or decreases in the valuation multiples in isolation may result in a higher or lower fair value measurement, respectively. The third valuation technique is a market yield technique, which is typically performed for non-credit impaired debt investments. In the market yield technique, a current price is imputed for the investment based upon an assessment of the expected market yield for a similarly structured investment with a similar level of risk, and we consider the current contractual interest rate, the capital structure and other terms of the investment relative to risk of the company and the specific investment. A key determinant of risk, among other things, is the leverage through the investment relative to the EV of the portfolio company. As debt investments held by us are substantially illiquid with no active transaction market, Oaktree depends on primary market data, including newly funded transactions and industry-specific market movements, as well as secondary market data with respect to high yield debt instruments and syndicated loans, as inputs in determining the appropriate market yield, as applicable. Under the market yield technique, the significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of our investments in debt securities is the market yield. Increases or decreases in the market yield may result in a lower or higher fair value measurement, respectively. 
 In accordance with ASC 820-10, certain investments that qualify as investment companies in accordance with ASC 946 may be valued using net asset value as a practical expedient for fair value. Consistent with FASB guidance under ASC 820, these investments are excluded from the hierarchical levels. These investments are generally not redeemable. 
 Oaktree estimates the fair value of certain privately held warrants using a Black Scholes pricing model, which includes an analysis of various factors and subjective assumptions, including the current stock price (by using an EV analysis as described above), the expected period until exercise, expected volatility of the underlying stock price, expected dividends and the risk-free rate. Changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimates. 
 The fair value of our investments as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 was determined by Oaktree, as our valuation designee. We have and will continue to engage independent valuation firms to provide assistance each quarter regarding the determination of the fair value of a portion of our portfolio securities for which market quotations are not readily available or are readily available but deemed not reflective of the fair value of the investment. As of September 30, 2023, 93.2 
 60 

of our portfolio at fair value was valued either based on market quotations, the transactions precedent approach or corroborated by independent valuation firms. 
 Certain factors that may be considered in determining the fair value of our investments include the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s earnings and its ability to make payments on its indebtedness, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to comparable publicly-traded companies, discounted cash flow and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, Oaktree's determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. Due to these uncertainties, Oaktree's fair value determinations may cause our net asset value on a given date to materially understate or overstate the value that we may ultimately realize upon the sale of one or more of our investments. 
 As of September 30, 2023, we held 2,892.4 million of investments at fair value, up from 2,494.1 million held at September 30, 2022, primarily driven by the growth in assets that resulted from the completion of the OSI2 Merger during the quarter ended March 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, approximately 89.9 and 94.2 , respectively, of our total assets represented investments at fair value. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We generate revenues in the form of interest income on debt investments and, to a lesser extent, capital gains and distributions, if any, on equity securities that we may acquire in portfolio companies. We may also generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, structuring or diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and consulting fees. Some of our investments provide for deferred interest payments or PIK interest income. The principal amount of the debt investments and any accrued but unpaid interest generally becomes due at the maturity date. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income, adjusted for accretion of OID is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. We stop accruing interest on investments when it is determined that interest is no longer collectible. Investments that are expected to pay regularly scheduled interest in cash are generally placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest cash payments will be collected. Cash interest payments received on investments may be recognized as income or a return of capital depending upon management s judgment. A non-accrual investment is restored to accrual status if past due principal and interest are paid in cash, and the portfolio company, in management s judgment, is likely to continue timely payment of its remaining obligations. As of September 30, 2023, there were four investments on non-accrual status that in the aggregate represented 2.4 and 1.8 of total debt investments at cost and fair value, respectively. As of September 30, 2022, there were no investments on non-accrual status. 
 In connection with our investment in a portfolio company, we sometimes receive nominal cost equity that is valued as part of the negotiation process with the portfolio company. When we receive nominal cost equity, we allocate our cost basis in the investment between debt securities and the nominal cost equity at the time of origination. Any resulting discount from recording the loan, or otherwise purchasing a security at a discount, is accreted into interest income over the life of the loan. 
 PIK Interest Income 
 Our investments in debt securities may contain PIK interest provisions. PIK interest, which typically represents contractually deferred interest added to the loan balance that is generally due at the end of the loan term, is generally recorded on the accrual basis to the extent such amounts are expected to be collected. We generally cease accruing PIK interest if there is insufficient value to support the accrual or if we do not expect the portfolio company to be able to pay all principal and interest due. Our decision to cease accruing PIK interest on a loan or debt security involves subjective judgments and determinations based on available information about a particular portfolio company, including whether the portfolio company is current with respect to its payment of principal and interest on its loans and debt securities; financial statements and financial projections for the portfolio company; our assessment of the portfolio company's business development success; information obtained by us in connection with periodic formal update interviews with the portfolio company's management and, if appropriate, the private equity sponsor; and information about the general economic and market conditions in which the portfolio company operates. Our determination to cease accruing PIK interest is generally made well before our full write-down of a loan or debt security. In addition, if it is subsequently determined that we will not be able to collect any previously accrued PIK interest, the fair value of the loans or debt securities would be reduced by the amount of such previously accrued, but uncollectible, PIK interest. The accrual of PIK interest on our debt investments increases the recorded cost bases of these investments in our Consolidated Financial Statements including for purposes of computing the capital gains incentive fee payable by us to Oaktree. To maintain our status as a RIC, certain income from PIK interest may be required to be distributed to our stockholders, even though we have not yet collected the cash and may never do so. 
 61 

Portfolio Composition 
 Our investments principally consist of loans, common and preferred equity and warrants in privately-held companies, SLF JV I and Glick JV. Our loans are typically secured by a first, second or subordinated lien on the assets of the portfolio company and generally have terms of up to ten years (but an expected average life of between three and four years). 
 Excluding the investments acquired in connection with the OSI2 Merger, during the year ended September 30, 2023, we originated 712.6 million of investment commitments in 33 new and 17 existing portfolio companies and funded 738.4 million of investments. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2023, we received 891.8 million of proceeds from prepayments, exits, other paydowns and sales and exited 48 portfolio companies. 
 A summary of the composition of our investment portfolio at cost and fair value as a percentage of total investments is shown in the following tables: 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Cost: Senior secured debt 85.24 85.08 Debt investments in the JVs 5.35 5.59 Preferred equity 3.27 3.26 Common equity and warrants 2.37 1.62 Subordinated debt 1.97 2.57 LLC equity interests of the JVs 1.80 1.88 Total 100.00 100.00 
 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Fair value: Senior secured debt 86.47 86.86 Debt investments in the JVs 5.62 5.88 Preferred equity 2.98 3.19 Common equity and warrants 2.00 0.96 Subordinated debt 1.93 2.28 LLC equity interests of the JVs 1.00 0.83 Total 100.00 100.00 

62 

The industry composition of our portfolio at cost and fair value as a percentage of total investments was as follows: 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Cost: Application Software 15.39 14.98 Multi-Sector Holdings (1) 7.21 7.48 Data Processing Outsourced Services 4.38 4.60 Biotechnology 4.15 4.20 Health Care Technology 3.51 3.82 Industrial Machinery Supplies Components 3.27 3.12 Pharmaceuticals 2.79 4.83 Real Estate Operating Companies 2.75 1.82 Broadline Retail 2.74 2.59 Health Care Services 2.68 2.24 Specialized Finance 2.40 3.09 Personal Care Products 2.24 2.03 Fertilizers Agricultural Chemicals 2.13 1.88 Environmental Facilities Services 2.07 0.80 Health Care Distributors 2.04 2.18 Diversified Financial Services 2.03 1.12 Internet Services Infrastructure 2.00 2.07 Automotive Retail 1.89 2.26 Airport Services 1.84 1.65 Metal, Glass Plastic Containers 1.82 1.82 Home Improvement Retail 1.78 1.75 Insurance Brokers 1.74 1.36 Aerospace Defense 1.70 2.37 Diversified Metals Mining 1.64 Auto Parts Equipment 1.59 0.48 Real Estate Services 1.47 1.54 Soft Drinks Non-alcoholic Beverages 1.40 Other Specialty Retail 1.35 Leisure Facilities 1.28 1.52 Specialty Chemicals 1.27 1.43 Distributors 1.24 0.97 Electrical Components Equipment 1.07 1.29 Advertising 0.84 1.08 Passenger Airlines 0.82 Real Estate Development 0.79 Home Furnishings 0.78 0.75 Diversified Support Services 0.77 1.45 Gold 0.77 Systems Software 0.76 0.57 Health Care Equipment 0.74 0.93 Construction Engineering 0.73 2.33 Oil Gas Storage Transportation 0.72 0.85 Interactive Media Services 0.62 Integrated Telecommunication Services 0.62 1.32 Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines 0.56 0.53 Consumer Finance 0.54 0.55 Education Services 0.46 0.35 Restaurants 0.41 0.36 Movies Entertainment 0.40 1.00 Health Care Supplies 0.38 1.39 Food Distributors 0.19 0.18 Apparel Retail 0.16 0.20 Air Freight Logistics 0.16 0.28 Integrated Oil Gas 0.16 0.19 Research Consulting Services 0.16 0.35 Cable Satellite 0.15 0.79 Other Specialized REITs 0.14 Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials 0.11 Housewares Specialties 0.10 0.09 Leisure Products 0.07 Technology Distributors 0.03 0.12 Soft Drinks 1.31 IT Consulting Other Services 0.45 Oil Gas Refining Marketing 0.33 Trading Companies Distributors 0.29 Apparel, Accessories Luxury Goods 0.20 Specialized REITs 0.16 Diversified Banks 0.13 Construction Materials 0.09 Electronic Components 0.08 Alternative Carriers 0.01 Total 100.00 100.00 
 63 

September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Fair value: Application Software 15.73 15.43 Multi-Sector Holdings (1) 6.69 6.71 Biotechnology 4.35 4.35 Data Processing Outsourced Services 4.33 4.46 Industrial Machinery Supplies Components 3.40 3.25 Health Care Technology 3.30 3.90 Real Estate Operating Companies 2.85 1.93 Pharmaceuticals 2.78 4.79 Specialized Finance 2.41 2.93 Broadline Retail 2.39 2.82 Health Care Services 2.31 1.84 Fertilizers Agricultural Chemicals 2.18 2.08 Environmental Facilities Services 2.16 0.83 Health Care Distributors 2.10 2.19 Internet Services Infrastructure 2.09 2.16 Diversified Financial Services 2.07 0.98 Personal Care Products 2.07 2.01 Automotive Retail 1.93 2.31 Airport Services 1.88 1.72 Metal, Glass Plastic Containers 1.85 1.91 Home Improvement Retail 1.84 1.82 Insurance Brokers 1.83 1.33 Aerospace Defense 1.79 2.48 Diversified Metals Mining 1.72 Auto Parts Equipment 1.70 0.46 Real Estate Services 1.52 1.59 Soft Drinks Non-alcoholic Beverages 1.47 Other Specialty Retail 1.42 Specialty Chemicals 1.34 1.36 Distributors 1.29 0.98 Leisure Facilities 1.28 1.57 Electrical Components Equipment 1.13 1.32 Passenger Airlines 0.95 Real Estate Development 0.82 Diversified Support Services 0.81 1.47 Gold 0.81 Health Care Equipment 0.78 0.97 Systems Software 0.76 0.51 Construction Engineering 0.76 2.45 Home Furnishings 0.69 0.73 Interactive Media Services 0.66 Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines 0.59 0.56 Integrated Telecommunication Services 0.57 1.29 Oil Gas Storage Transportation 0.55 0.84 Consumer Finance 0.52 0.53 Education Services 0.47 0.34 Restaurants 0.43 0.35 Advertising 0.41 1.08 Movies Entertainment 0.41 1.07 Health Care Supplies 0.39 1.47 Food Distributors 0.18 0.13 Apparel Retail 0.17 0.21 Research Consulting Services 0.17 0.34 Integrated Oil Gas 0.17 0.20 Cable Satellite 0.16 0.78 Air Freight Logistics 0.15 0.26 Other Specialized REITs 0.11 Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials 0.11 Housewares Specialties 0.10 0.10 Leisure Products 0.07 Technology Distributors 0.03 0.12 Soft Drinks 1.35 Oil Gas Refining Marketing 0.34 IT Consulting Other Services 0.34 Trading Companies Distributors 0.22 Diversified Banks 0.14 Specialized REITs 0.13 Construction Materials 0.08 Electronic Components 0.08 Alternative Carriers 0.01 Total 100.00 100.00 
 ___________________ 
 (1) This industry includes our investments in the JVs. 
 
 64 

The Joint Ventures 
 
 Senior Loan Fund JV I, LLC 
 
 In May 2014, we entered into an LLC agreement with Kemper to form SLF JV I. We co-invest in senior secured loans of middle-market companies and other corporate debt securities with Kemper through our investment in SLF JV I. SLF JV I is managed by a four person Board of Directors, two of whom are selected by us and two of whom are selected by Kemper. All portfolio decisions and investment decisions in respect of SLF JV I must be approved by the SLF JV I investment committee, which consists of one representative selected by us and one representative selected by Kemper (with approval from a representative of each required). Since we do not have a controlling financial interest in SLF JV I, we do not consolidate SLF JV I. SLF JV I is not an "eligible portfolio company" as defined in section 2(a)(46) of the Investment Company Act. SLF JV I is capitalized pro rata with LLC equity interests as transactions are completed and may be capitalized with additional subordinated notes issued to us and Kemper by SLF JV I. The subordinated notes issued by SLF JV I are referred to as the SLF JV I Notes. The SLF JV I Notes are senior in right of payment to SLF JV I LLC equity interests and subordinated in right of payment to SLF JV I s secured debt. 
 As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, we and Kemper owned, in the aggregate, 87.5 and 12.5 , respectively, of the LLC equity interests of SLF JV I and the outstanding SLF JV I Notes. As of September 30, 2023, we and Kemper had funded approximately 190.5 million to SLF JV I, of which 166.7 million was from us. As of September 30, 2022, we and Kemper had funded approximately 165.5 million to SLF JV I, of which 144.8 million was from us. As of September 30, 2023, we had aggregate commitments to fund SLF JV I of 13.1 million, of which approximately 9.8 million was to fund additional SLF JV I Notes and approximately 3.3 million was to fund LLC equity interests in SLF JV I. During the year ended September 30, 2023, we contributed 16.4 million to fund additional SLF JV I Notes and approximately 5.5 million to fund additional LLC equity interests in SLF JV I. As of September 30, 2022, we had aggregate commitments to fund SLF JV I of 35.0 million, of which approximately 26.2 million was to fund additional SLF JV I Notes and approximately 8.8 million was to fund LLC equity interests in SLF JV I. 
 Both the cost and fair value of our SLF JV I Notes were 112.7 million as of September 30, 2023. Both the cost and fair value of our SLF JV I Notes were 96.3 million as of September 30, 2022. We earned interest income of 12.7 million, 8.0 million and 7.4 million on the SLF JV I Notes for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, the SLF JV I Notes bore interest at a rate of one-month SOFR plus 7.00 per annum with a SOFR floor of 1.00 and will mature on December 29, 2028. 
 The cost and fair value of the LLC equity interests in SLF JV I held by us was 54.8 million and 28.9 million, respectively, as of September 30, 2023, and 49.3 million and 20.7 million, respectively, as of September 30, 2022. We earned 4.2 million, 2.9 million and 0.9 million in dividend income for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with respect to our investment in the LLC equity interests of SLF JV I. 
 Below is a summary of SLF JV I's portfolio as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022: 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Senior secured loans (1) 332,637 383,194 Weighted average interest rate on senior secured loans (2) 10.62 8.33 Number of borrowers in SLF JV I 48 60 Largest exposure to a single borrower (1) 11,286 10,093 Total of five largest loan exposures to borrowers (1) 54,051 48,139 
 __________________ 
 (1) At principal amount. 
 (2) Computed using the weighted average annual interest rate on accruing senior secured loans at fair value. 
 
 See " Note 3. Portfolio Investments" in the notes to the accompanying financial statements for more information on SLF JV I and its portfolio. 
 65 

OCSI Glick JV LLC 
 On March 19, 2021, we became party to the LLC agreement of the Glick JV. The Glick JV invests primarily in senior secured loans of middle-market companies. We co-invest in these securities with GF Equity Funding through the Glick JV. The Glick JV is managed by a four person Board of Directors, two of whom are selected by us and two of whom are selected by GF Equity Funding. All portfolio decisions and investment decisions in respect of the Glick JV must be approved by the Glick JV investment committee, consisting of one representative selected by us and one representative selected by GF Equity Funding (with approval from a representative of each required). Since we do not have a controlling financial interest in the Glick JV, we do not consolidate the Glick JV. The Glick JV is not an "eligible portfolio company" as defined in section 2(a)(46) of the Investment Company Act. The Glick JV is capitalized as transactions are completed. The members provide capital to the Glick JV in exchange for LLC equity interests, and we and GF Debt Funding, an entity advised by affiliates of GF Equity Funding, provide capital to the Glick JV in exchange for subordinated notes issued by the Glick JV, or the Glick JV Notes. The Glick JV Notes are junior in right of payment to the repayment of temporary contributions made by us to fund investments of the Glick JV that are repaid when GF Equity Funding and GF Debt Funding make their capital contributions and fund their Glick JV Notes, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, we and GF Equity Funding owned 87.5 and 12.5 , respectively, of the outstanding LLC equity interests, and we and GF Debt Funding owned 87.5 and 12.5 , respectively, of the Glick JV Notes. Approximately 84.0 million in aggregate commitments was funded as of each of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, of which 73.5 million was from us. As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, we had commitments to fund Glick JV Notes of 78.8 million, of which 12.4 million was unfunded. As of each of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, we had commitments to fund LLC equity interests in the Glick JV of 8.7 million, of which 1.6 million was unfunded. 
 
 The cost and fair value of our aggregate investment in the Glick JV was 50.3 million and 50.0 million, respectively, as of September 30, 2023 . The cost and fair value of our aggregate investment in the Glick JV was 50.2 million and 50.3 million, respectively, as of September 30, 2022 . For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 to September 30, 2021, our investment in the Glick JV Notes earned interest income of 6.7 million, 4.7 million and 2.4 million, respectively. We did not earn any dividend income for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 to September 30, 2021 with respect to our investment in the LLC equity interests of the Glick JV. 
 Below is a summary of the Glick JV's portfolio as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022: 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Senior secured loans (1) 130,589 143,225 Weighted average current interest rate on senior secured loans (2) 10.77 8.52 Number of borrowers in the Glick JV 38 43 Largest loan exposure to a single borrower (1) 6,230 6,562 Total of five largest loan exposures to borrowers (1) 28,396 28,973 
 __________ 
 (1) At principal amount. 
 (2) Computed using the weighted average annual interest rate on accruing senior secured loans at fair value. 
 See " Note 3. Portfolio Investments" in the notes to the accompanying financial statements for more information on the Glick JV and its portfolio. 
 66 

Discussion and Analysis of Results and Operations 
 Results of Operations 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations includes net investment income, net realized gains (losses) and net unrealized appreciation (depreciation). Net investment income is the difference between our income from interest, dividends and fees and net expenses. Net realized gains (losses) is the difference between the proceeds received from dispositions of investment related assets and liabilities and their stated costs. Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) is the net change in the fair value of our investment related assets and liabilities carried at fair value during the reporting period, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation (depreciation) when gains or losses are realized. 
 Comparison of Years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 
 Total Investment Income 
 Total investment income includes interest on our investments, fee income and dividend income. 
 Total investment income for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 was 379.3 million and 262.5 million, respectively. For the year ended September 30, 2023, this amount consisted of 368.5 million of interest income from portfolio investments (which included 19.8 million of PIK interest), 6.5 million of fee income and 4.2 million of dividend income. For the year ended September 30, 2022, this amount consisted of 249.4 million of interest income from portfolio investments (which included 20.5 million of PIK interest), 6.6 million of fee income and 6.4 million of dividend income. The increase of 116.8 million, or 44.5 , in our total investment income for the year ended September 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2022, was due primarily to a 119.1 million increase in interest income, which was primarily driven by the impact of higher base rates on our floating rate debt portfolio and a larger investment portfolio primarily from the assets acquired in the OSI2 Merger. This was partially offset by a 2.2 million decrease in dividend income. 
 Expenses 
 Net expenses (expenses net of fee waivers) for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 were 198.5 million and 110.6 million, respectively. Net expenses increased for the year ended September 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2022, by 87.9 million, or 79.5 . The increase in net expenses was primarily driven by 64.7 million of higher interest expense due to the impact of rising interest rates on our floating rate liabilities and an increase in average borrowings outstanding. Further contributing to the increase were 9.2 million of increased part I incentive fees as a result of higher adjusted net investment income during the year, an 8.8 million reversal of previously accrued accrued capital gains incentive fees in the prior year, 2.8 million of higher management fees (net of waivers) as a result of a larger investment portfolio and a 2.4 million increase in professional fees and general and administrative expenses during the year. 
 Net Investment Income 
 Net investment income for the year ended September 30, 2023 increased by 32.1 million compared to the year ended September 30, 2022, primarily as a result of the 116.8 million increase in total investment income, the 87.9 million increase in net expenses and a 3.3 million decrease in the provision for taxes on net investment income. 
 Realized Gain (Loss) 
 Realized gains or losses are measured by the difference between the net proceeds from the sale or redemption of investments and foreign currency and the cost basis without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, and includes investments written-off during the period, net of recoveries. Realized losses may also be recorded in connection with our determination that certain investments are considered worthless securities and/or meet the conditions for loss recognition per the applicable tax rules. 
 During the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, we recorded aggregate net realized gains (losses) of (33.2) million and 17.2 million, respectively, in connection with the exits of various investments and foreign currency forward contracts. See Note 8. Realized Gains or Losses and Net Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation in the notes to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for more details regarding investment realization events for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 67 

Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 Net unrealized appreciation or depreciation is the net change in the fair value of our investments and foreign currency during the reporting period, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation when gains or losses are realized. 
 During the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, we recorded net unrealized depreciation of 28.6 million and 136.2 million, respectively. For the year ended September 30, 2023, this consisted of 49.1 million of net unrealized depreciation on debt investments and 4.9 million of net unrealized depreciation on equity investments, partially offset by 25.4 million of net unrealized appreciation related to exited investments (a portion of which resulted in a reclassification to realized losses) and 0.1 million of net unrealized appreciation of foreign currency forward contracts. For the year ended September 30, 2022, this consisted of 94.1 million of net unrealized depreciation on debt investments, 35.4 million of net unrealized depreciation on equity investments and 11.7 million of net unrealized depreciation related to exited investments (a portion of which resulted in a reclassification to realized gains), partially offset by 4.9 million of net unrealized appreciation of foreign currency forward contracts. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2023, unrealized depreciation included a one-time unrealized loss of 20.7 million that resulted solely from accounting adjustments related to the OSI2 Merger. 
 Comparison of Years ended September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021 
 The comparison of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 can be found within Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have a number of alternatives available to fund our investment portfolio and our operations, including raising equity, increasing or refinancing debt and funding from operational cash flow. We generally expect to fund the growth of our investment portfolio through additional debt and equity capital, which may include securitizing a portion of our investments. We cannot assure you, however, that our efforts to grow our portfolio will be successful. For example, our common stock has traded at prices below net asset value, and we may not be able to raise additional equity at prices below the then-current net asset value per share. We intend to continue to generate cash primarily from cash flows from operations, including interest earned, and future borrowings or equity offerings. We intend to fund our future distribution obligations through operating cash flow or with funds obtained through future equity and debt offerings or credit facilities, as we deem appropriate. 
 
 Our primary uses of cash are for (1) investments in portfolio companies and other investments to comply with certain portfolio diversification requirements, (2) the cost of operations (including our expenses, the management and incentive fees and any indemnification obligations), (3) debt service of borrowings and (4) cash distributions to stockholders. We may also from time to time repurchase or redeem some or all of our outstanding notes. At a special meeting of our stockholders held on June 28, 2019, our stockholders approved the application of the reduced asset coverage requirements in Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act to us effective as of June 29, 2019. As a result of the reduced asset coverage requirement, we can incur 2 of debt for each 1 of equity as compared to 1 of debt for each 1 of equity. As of September 30, 2023, we had 1,660.0 million in senior securities and our asset coverage ratio was 187.7 . As of September 30, 2023, our target debt to equity ratio was 0.90x to 1.25x (i.e., one dollar of equity for each 0.90 to 1.25 of debt outstanding) and our net debt to equity ratio was 1.01x. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2023, we experienced a net increase in cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) of 119.2 million. During that period, net cash provided by operating activities was 228.8 million, primarily from 912.0 million of principal payments and sale proceeds received, the cash activities related to 180.7 million of net investment income, 22.3 million of cash received in connection with the OSI2 Merger and a 16.3 million decrease in due from portfolio companies, partially offset by funding 742.1 million of investments and 65.2 million of net increases in receivables and net decreases in payables from unsettled transactions. During the same period, net cash used by financing activities was 110.4 million, primarily consisting of 215.0 million of net repayments under the credit facilities, 180.0 million of cash distributions paid to our stockholders and 10.6 million of deferred financing costs paid, partially offset by 296.5 million of proceeds from the issuance of the 2029 Notes. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2022, we experienced a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) of 5.3 million. During that period, net cash provided by operating activities was 22.4 million, primarily from 693.7 million of principal payments and sale proceeds received, 22.4 million of net increase in payables from unsettled transactions and the cash activities related to 148.6 million of net investment income, partially offset by funding 702.1 million of 
 68 

investments, 43.9 million of increase in due from broker (cash held at a broker to cover collateral obligations under the interest swap agreement) and 20.5 million increase in due from portfolio companies. During the same period, net cash used in financing activities was 26.8 million, primarily consisting of 115.2 million of cash distributions paid to our stockholders, 1.9 million of repurchases of common stock under our dividend reinvestment plan, DRIP, and 0.3 million of deferred financing costs paid, partially offset by 70.0 million of net borrowings under the credit facilities and 20.6 million of proceeds (net of offering costs) from shares issued under the "at the market" offering. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2021, we experienced a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) of 7.5 million. During that period, we used 230.5 million of net cash from operating activities, primarily from funding 1,120.2 million of investments, partially offset by 792.2 million of principal payments and sale proceeds received, 20.9 million of cash acquired in the OCSI Merger, the cash activities related to 97.1 million of net investment income and 10.1 million of net increases in payables and net decreases in receivables from unsettled transactions. During the same period, net cash provided by financing activities was 224.2 million, primarily consisting of 349.0 million of borrowings of unsecured notes (net of OID), partially offset by 24.6 million of net repayments under the credit facilities, 79.9 million of cash distributions paid to our stockholders, 9.3 million of repayments of secured borrowings, 2.2 million of repurchases of common stock under our DRIP and 8.9 million of deferred financing costs paid 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had 145.5 million in cash and cash equivalents (including 9.1 million of restricted cash), portfolio investments (at fair value) of 2.9 billion, 44.6 million of interest, dividends and fees receivable, 6.3 million of due from portfolio companies, 907.5 million of undrawn capacity on our credit facilities (subject to borrowing base and other limitations), 44.4 million of net receivables from unsettled transactions, 710.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facilities and 890.7 million of unsecured notes payable (net of unamortized financing costs, unaccreted discount and interest rate swap fair value adjustment). 
 As of September 30, 2022, we had 26.4 million in cash and cash equivalents (including 2.8 million of restricted cash), portfolio investments (at fair value) of 2.5 billion, 35.6 million of interest, dividends and fees receivable, 22.5 million of due from portfolio companies, 500.0 million of undrawn capacity on our credit facilities (subject to borrowing base and other limitations), 22.3 million of net payables from unsettled transactions, 700.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our credit facilities and 601.0 million of unsecured notes payable (net of unamortized financing costs, unaccreted discount and interest rate swap fair value adjustment). 
 We may be a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. As of September 30, 2023, our only off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of 232.7 million of unfunded commitments, which was comprised of 205.6 million to provide debt and equity financing to certain of our portfolio companies and 27.1 million to provide financing to the JVs. Of the 205.6 million, approximately 154.2 million can be drawn immediately with the remaining amount subject to certain milestones that must be met by portfolio companies or other restrictions. As of September 30, 2022, our only off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of 224.2 million of unfunded commitments, which was comprised of 175.2 million to provide debt and equity financing to certain of our portfolio companies and 49.0 million to provide financing to the JVs. 
 As of September 30, 2023, we have analyzed cash and cash equivalents, availability under our credit facilities, the ability to rotate out of certain assets and amounts of unfunded commitments that could be drawn and believe our liquidity and capital resources are sufficient to take advantage of market opportunities in the current economic climate. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table reflects information pertaining to our principal debt outstanding under the Syndicated Facility, Citibank Facility, OSI2 Citibank Facility, the 2025 Notes, the 2027 Notes and the 2029 Notes: 
 Debt Outstanding as of September 30, 2022 Debt Outstanding as of September 30, 2023 Weighted average debt outstanding for the year ended September 30, 2023 Maximum debt outstanding for the year ended September 30, 2023 Syndicated Facility 540,000 430,000 684,507 840,000 Citibank Facility 160,000 103,732 175,000 OSI2 Citibank Facility 280,000 182,833 355,000 2025 Notes 300,000 300,000 300,000 300,000 2027 Notes 350,000 350,000 350,000 350,000 2029 Notes 300,000 38,629 300,000 Total debt 1,350,000 1,660,000 1,659,701 
 
 69 

The following table reflects our contractual obligations arising from the Syndicated Facility, OSI2 Citibank Facility, 2025 Notes, 2027 Notes and 2029 Notes: 
 
 Payments due by period as of September 30, 2023 Contractual Obligations Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Syndicated Facility 430,000 430,000 Interest due on Syndicated Facility 151,429 31,986 63,972 55,471 OSI2 Citibank Facility 280,000 280,000 Interest due on OSI2 Citibank Facility 73,733 22,168 44,336 7,229 2025 Notes 300,000 300,000 Interest due on 2025 Notes 14,786 10,500 4,286 2027 Notes 350,000 350,000 Interest due on 2027 Notes (a) 83,374 25,296 50,593 7,485 2029 Notes 300,000 300,000 Interest due on 2029 Notes (a) 137,120 25,470 50,940 50,940 9,770 Total 2,120,442 115,420 514,127 1,181,125 309,770 
 __________ 
 (a) The interest due on the 2027 Notes and 2029 Notes was calculated net of the interest rate swaps. 
 Equity Issuances 
 On January 23, 2023, in connection with the OSI2 Merger, we issued an aggregate of 15,860,200 shares of common stock to former OSI2 stockholders. On March 19, 2021, in connection with the OCSI Merger, we issued an aggregate of 13,133,337 shares of common stock to former OCSI stockholders. There were no other common stock issuances during the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2023, we issued an aggregate of 171,645 shares of common stock as part of the DRIP. During the year ended September 30, 2022, we issued an aggregate of 70,794 shares of common stock as part of the DRIP. 
 On February 7, 2022, we entered into an equity distribution agreement by and among us, Oaktree, Oaktree Administrator and Keefe, Bruyette Woods, Inc., JMP Securities LLC, Raymond James Associates, Inc. and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., as placement agents, in connection with the issuance and sale by us of shares of common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to 125.0 million. The equity distribution agreement was amended on February 8, 2023 to allow for the sale of shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 125 million under our current registration statement and on August 8, 2023 to add Jefferies LLC as an additional placement agent and to remove SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. as a placement agent. Sales of the common stock, if any, may be made in negotiated transactions or transactions that are deemed to be at the market, as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including sales made directly on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or similar securities exchanges or sales made to or through a market maker other than on an exchange, at prices related to the prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices. 
 70 

In connection with the "at the market" offering, we issued and sold 68,752 shares of common stock during the year ended September 30, 2023 for net proceeds of 1.3 million (net of offering costs). 
 Number of Shares Issued Gross Proceeds Placement Agent Fees Net Proceeds (1) Average Sales Price per Share (2) "At the market" offering 68,752 1,384 14 1,370 20.13 
 (1) Net proceeds excludes offering costs of 0.1 million. 
 (2) Represents the gross sales price before deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses. 
 In connection with the "at the market" offering, we issued and sold 933,733 shares of common stock during the year ended September 30, 2022 for net proceeds of 20.6 million (net of offering costs). 
 Number of Shares Issued (1) Gross Proceeds Placement Agent Fees Net Proceeds (2) Average Sales Price per Share (1)(3) "At the market" offering 933,733 21,049 210 20,839 22.54 
 __________ 
 (1) The share and per share information have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Company's 1-for-3 reverse stock split completed on January 20, 2023 and effective as of the commencement of trading on January 23, 2023. 
 (2) Net proceeds excludes offering costs of 0.2 million. 
 (3) Represents the gross sales price before deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses. 
 Distributions 
 The following table reflects the distributions per share that we have paid, including shares issued under our DRIP, on our common stock since October 1, 2021. The distributions per share and shares issued under our DRIP information disclosed in this table for dates prior to January 23, 2023 have been retroactively adjusted to reflect our 1-for-3 reverse stock split completed on January 20, 2023 and effective as of the commencement of trading on January 23, 2023. 
 Distribution Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Amount per Share Cash Distribution DRIP Shares Issued (1) DRIP Shares Value Quarterly October 13, 2021 December 15, 2021 December 31, 2021 0.465 27.2 million 35,990 0.8 million Quarterly January 28, 2022 March 15, 2022 March 31, 2022 0.48 28.5 million 34,804 0.8 million Quarterly April 29, 2022 June 15, 2022 June 30, 2022 0.495 29.4 million 43,676 0.9 million Quarterly July 29, 2022 September 15, 2022 September 30, 2022 0.51 30.2 million 51,181 1.0 million Quarterly November 10, 2022 December 15, 2022 December 30, 2022 0.54 32.0 million 53,369 1.1 million Special November 10, 2022 December 15, 2022 December 30, 2022 0.42 24.8 million 41,510 0.8 million Quarterly January 27, 2023 March 15, 2023 March 31, 2023 0.55 41.1 million 68,412 1.3 million Quarterly April 28, 2023 June 15, 2023 June 30, 2023 0.55 41.3 million 57,279 1.1 million Quarterly July 28, 2023 September 15, 2023 September 29, 2023 0.55 40.9 million 76,766 1.5 million 
 ______________ 
 (1) Shares were purchased on the open market and distributed other than with respect to the distributions paid on December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, December 30, 2022 and September 30, 2023. New shares were issued with respect to distributions paid on December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, December 30, 2022 and September 30, 2023. 
 
 Indebtedness 
 See Note 6. Borrowings in the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details regarding our indebtedness. 
 Syndicated Facility 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, (i) the size of the Syndicated Facility was 1.218 billion (with an accordion feature that permits us, under certain circumstances, to increase the size of the facility to up to the greater of 1.25 billion and our net worth (as defined in the Syndicated Facility) on the date of such increase), (ii) the period during which we may make drawings on 1.035 billion of commitments will expire on June 23, 2027 and the maturity date was June 23, 2028, (iii) the period during which we may make drawings with respect to the remaining commitments will expire on May 4, 2025 and the maturity date is May 4, 2026 and (iv) the interest rate margin for (a) SOFR loans (which may be 1- or 3-month, at our option) was 2.00 plus a SOFR adjustment which ranges between 0.11448 and 0.26161 and (b) alternate base rate loans was 1.00 . 
 71 

Each loan or letter of credit originated or assumed under the Syndicated Facility is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Borrowings under the Syndicated Facility are subject to the facility s various covenants and the leverage restrictions contained in the Investment Company Act. We cannot assure you that we will be able to borrow funds under the Syndicated Facility at any particular time or at all. 
 The following table describes significant financial covenants, as of September 30, 2023, with which we must comply under the Syndicated Facility on a quarterly basis: 
 Financial Covenant Description Target Value June 30, 2023 Reported Value (1) Minimum shareholders' equity Net assets shall not be less than the sum of (x) 600 million, plus (y) 50 of the aggregate net proceeds of all sales of equity interests after May 6, 2020 768 million 1,509 million Asset coverage ratio Asset coverage ratio shall not be less than the greater of 1.50:1 and the statutory test applicable to us 1.50:1 1.82:1 Interest coverage ratio Interest coverage ratio shall not be less than 2.25:1 2.25:1 2.65:1 Minimum net worth Net worth shall not be less than 550 million 550 million 1,107 million 
 ___________ 
 (1) As contractually required, we report financial covenants based on the last filed quarterly or annual report, in this case our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. We were in compliance with all financial covenants under the Syndicated Facility based on the financial information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, we had 430.0 million and 540.0 million of borrowings outstanding under the Syndicated Facility, respectively, which had a fair value of 430.0 million and 540.0 million, respectively. Our borrowings under the Syndicated Facility bore interest at a weighted average interest rate of 6.792 , 2.876 and 2.197 for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recorded interest expense (inclusive of fees) of 50.0 million, 19.5 million and 13.8 million, respectively, related to the Syndicated Facility. 
 Citibank Facility 
 On March 19, 2021, we became party to the Citibank Facility. On May 25, 2023, in connection with an amendment to the OSI2 Citibank Facility, the Citibank Facility was terminated. In connection with the termination of the Citibank Facility, we accelerated 0.6 million of deferred financing costs into interest expense during the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2022, we had 160.0 million outstanding under the Citibank Facility, which had a fair value of 160.0 million. Our borrowings under the Citibank Facility bore interest at a weighted average interest rate of 6.781 , 3.179 and 2.086 for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and the period from March 19, 2021 to September 30, 2021, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and the period from March 19, 2021 to September 30, 2021, we recorded interest expense (inclusive of fees) of 8.0 million, 5.8 million and 1.9 million, respectively, related to the Citibank Facility. 
 
 OSI2 Citibank Facility 
 On January 23, 2023, as a result of the consummation of the OSI2 Merger, we became party to the OSI2 Citibank Facility. 
 As of September 30, 2023, we were able to borrow up to 400 million under the OSI2 Citibank Facility (subject to borrowing base and other limitations). As of September 30, 2023, the OSI2 Citibank Facility has a reinvestment period through May 25, 2025, during which advances may be made, and matures on January 26, 2027. Following the reinvestment period, OSI 2 SPV will be required to make certain mandatory amortization payments. Borrowings under the OSI2 Citibank Facility bear interest payable quarterly at a rate per year equal to (a) in the case of a lender that is identified as a conduit lender, the lesser of (i) the applicable commercial paper rate for such conduit lender and (ii) SOFR plus 2.00 per annum on broadly syndicated loans and 2.75 per annum on all other eligible loans and (b) for all other lenders under the OSI2 Citibank Facility, SOFR plus 2.00 per annum on broadly syndicated loans and 2.75 per annum on all other eligible loans, subject in all cases to a minimum overall rate of SOFR plus 2.50 per annum. After the reinvestment period, the applicable spread is 4.00 per year. There is also a non-usage fee of 0.50 per year on the unused portion of the OSI2 Citibank Facility, payable quarterly; provided that if the unused portion of the OSI2 Citibank Facility is greater than 30 of the commitments under the OSI2 Citibank Facility, the non-usage fee will be based on an unused portion of 30 of the commitments under the OSI2 Citibank Facility. The OSI2 Citibank Facility is secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of OSI 2 SPV s assets. As part of the OSI2 Citibank Facility, OSI 2 SPV is subject to certain limitations as to how borrowed funds may be used and the types of loans that are eligible to be acquired by OSI 2 SPV including restrictions on sector concentrations, loan size, tenor and minimum investment ratings (or estimated ratings). The OSI2 Citibank Facility also contains certain requirements relating to 
 72 

interest coverage, collateral quality and portfolio performance, certain violations of which could result in the acceleration of the amounts due under the OSI2 Citibank Facility. 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had 280.0 million outstanding under the OSI2 Citibank Facility, which had a fair value of 280.0 million. Our borrowings under the OSI2 Citibank Facility bore interest at a weighted average interest rate of 7.666 for the period from January 23, 2023 to September 30, 2023. For the period from January 23, 2023 to September 30, 2023, we recorded interest expense (inclusive of fees) of 14.6 million, respectively, related to the OSI2 Citibank Facility. 
 2025 Notes 
 On February 25, 2020, we issued 300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes for net proceeds of 293.8 million after deducting OID of 2.5 million, underwriting commissions and discounts of 3.0 million and offering costs of 0.7 million. The OID on the 2025 Notes is amortized based on the effective interest method over the term of the notes. 
 2027 Notes 
 On May 18, 2021, we issued 350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes for net proceeds of 344.8 million after deducting OID of 1.0 million, underwriting commissions and discounts of 3.5 million and offering costs of 0.7 million. The OID on the 2027 Notes is amortized based on the effective interest method over the term of the notes. 
 In connection with the 2027 Notes, we entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rates of our liabilities with our investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, we receive a fixed interest rate of 2.700 and pay a floating interest rate of the three-month SOFR plus 1.658 plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.26161 on a notional amount of 350 million. We designated the interest rate swap as the hedging instrument in an effective hedge accounting relationship. 
 2029 Notes 
 On August 15, 2023, we issued 300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes for net proceeds of 292.9 million after deducting OID of 3.5 million, underwriting commissions and discounts of 3.0 million and offering costs of 0.6 million. The OID on the 2029 Notes is amortized based on the effective interest method over the term of the notes. 
 In connection with the 2029 Notes, we entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rates of its liabilities with its investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, we receive a fixed interest rate of 7.100 and pays a floating interest rate of the three-month SOFR plus 3.1255 on a notional amount of 300 million. We designated the interest rate swap as the hedging instrument in an effective hedge accounting relationship. See Note 12 for more information regarding the interest rate swap. 
 The below table presents the components of the carrying value of the 2025 Notes, the 2027 Notes and the 2029 Notes as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022: 
 As of September 30, 2023 As of September 30, 2022 in millions) 2025 Notes 2027 Notes 2029 Notes 2025 Notes 2027 Notes Principal 300.0 350.0 300.0 300.0 350.0 Unamortized financing costs (1.1) (2.5) (3.5) (1.8) (3.2) Unaccreted discount (0.7) (0.6) (3.4) (1.2) (0.7) Interest rate swap fair value adjustment (40.5) (7.0) (42.0) Net carrying value 298.2 306.4 286.1 297.0 304.1 Fair Value 286.4 301.8 290.0 283.1 294.0 
 73 

The below table presents the components of interest and other debt expenses related to the 2025 Notes, the 2027 Notes, and the 2029 Notes for the year ended September 30, 2023: 
 in millions) 2025 Notes 2027 Notes 2029 Notes Coupon interest 10.5 9.5 2.7 Amortization of financing costs and discount 1.3 0.9 0.2 Effect of interest rate swap 13.4 0.6 Total interest expense 11.8 23.8 3.5 Coupon interest rate (net of effect of interest rate swaps) 3.500 6.539 8.490 
 The below table presents the components of interest and other debt expenses related to the 2025 Notes and the 2027 Notes for the year ended September 30, 2022: 
 in millions) 2025 Notes 2027 Notes Coupon interest 10.5 9.5 Amortization of financing costs and discount 1.3 0.9 Effect of interest rate swap (0.4) Total interest expense 11.8 10.0 Coupon interest rate (net of effect of interest rate swap for 2027 Notes) 3.500 2.585 
 The below table presents the components of interest and other debt expenses related to the 2025 Notes and the 2027 Notes for the year ended September 30, 2021: 
 in millions) 2025 Notes 2027 Notes Coupon interest 10.5 3.5 Amortization of financing costs and discount 1.3 0.3 Effect of interest rate swap (1.1) Total interest expense 11.8 2.7 Coupon interest rate (net of effect of interest rate swap for 2027 Notes) 3.500 1.813 
 
 Regulated Investment Company Status and Distributions 
 
 We have qualified and elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As long as we continue to qualify as a RIC, we will not be subject to tax on our investment company taxable income (determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid) or realized net capital gains, to the extent that such taxable income or gains is distributed, or deemed to be distributed as dividends, to stockholders on a timely basis. 
 Taxable income generally differs from net income for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses, and generally excludes net unrealized appreciation or depreciation. Distributions declared and paid by us in a taxable year may differ from taxable income for that taxable year as such distributions may include the distribution of taxable income derived from the current taxable year or the distribution of taxable income derived from the prior taxable year carried forward into and distributed in the current taxable year. Distributions also may include returns of capital. 
 To maintain RIC tax treatment, we must, among other things, distribute (or be deemed to distribute) dividends, with respect to each taxable year, of an amount at least equal to 90 of our investment company taxable income (i.e., our net ordinary income and our realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any), determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid. As a RIC, we are also subject to a federal excise tax, based on distribution requirements of our taxable income on a calendar year basis. We anticipate timely distribution of our taxable income in accordance with tax rules. We did not incur a U.S. federal excise tax for calendar year 2021. For the calendar year 2022, we incurred 0.1 million of excise tax. We do not expect to incur a U.S. federal excise tax for calendar year 2023. 
 We intend to distribute at least 90 of our annual taxable income (which includes our taxable interest and fee income) to our stockholders. The covenants contained in our credit facilities may prohibit us from making distributions to our stockholders, and, as a result, could hinder our ability to satisfy the distribution requirement associated with our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC. In addition, we may retain for investment some or all of our net capital gains (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) and treat such amounts as deemed distributions to our stockholders. If we do 
 74 

this, our stockholders will be treated as if they received actual distributions of the capital gains we retained and then reinvested the net after-tax proceeds in our common stock. Our stockholders also may be eligible to claim tax credits (or, in certain circumstances, tax refunds) equal to their allocable share of the tax we paid on the capital gains deemed distributed to them. To the extent our taxable earnings for a fiscal and taxable year fall below the total amount of our dividend distributions for that fiscal and taxable year, a portion of those distributions may be deemed a return of capital to our stockholders. 
 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of these distributions from time to time. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the asset coverage test for borrowings applicable to us as a Business Development Company under the Investment Company Act and due to provisions in our credit facilities and debt instruments. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our taxable income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions or distributions at a particular level. 
 A RIC may treat a distribution of its own stock as fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder elects to receive his or her entire distribution in either cash or stock of the RIC, subject to certain limitations regarding the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders. If these and certain other requirements are met, for U.S federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in stock will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of stock. 
 We may generate qualified net interest income or qualified net short-term capital gains that may be exempt from U.S. withholding tax when distributed to foreign stockholders. A RIC is permitted to designate distributions of qualified net interest income and qualified short-term capital gains as exempt from U.S. withholding tax when paid to non-U.S. shareholders with proper documentation. The following table, which may be subject to change as we finalize our annual tax filings, lists the percentage of qualified net interest income and qualified short-term capital gains for the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Year Ended Qualified Net Interest Income Qualified Short-Term Capital Gains September 30, 2023 89.4 
 We have adopted a DRIP that provides for the reinvestment of any distributions that we declare in cash on behalf of our stockholders, unless a stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, if our Board of Directors declares a cash distribution, then our stockholders who have not opted out of the DRIP will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving a cash distribution. If our shares are trading at a premium to net asset value, we typically issue new shares to implement the DRIP, with such shares issued at the greater of the most recently computed net asset value per share of our common stock or 95 of the current market value per share of our common stock on the payment date for such distribution. If our shares are trading at a discount to net asset value, we typically purchase shares in the open market in connection with our obligations under the DRIP. 
 Related Party Transactions 
 We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with Oaktree and the Administration Agreement with Oaktree Administrator, an affiliate of Oaktree. Mr. John B. Frank, an interested member of our Board of Directors, has an indirect pecuniary interest in Oaktree. Oaktree is a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, that is partially and indirectly owned by Oaktree Capital Group, LLC. See Note 10. Related Party Transactions Investment Advisory Agreement and Administrative Services in the notes to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Recent Developments 
 Distribution Declaration 
 On November 8, 2023, our Board of Directors declared quarterly and special distributions of 0.55 per share and 0.07 per share, respectively, payable in cash on December 29, 2023 to stockholders of record on December 15, 2023. 

75 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in the valuations of our investment portfolio and interest rates. 
 Valuation Risk 
 Our investments may not have a readily available market price, and we value these investments at fair value as determined by Oaktree, as our valuation designee. There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith and valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of management judgment. In addition, our valuation methodology utilizes discount rates in part in valuing our investments, and changes in those discount rates may have an impact on the valuation of our investments. Accordingly, valuations by Oaktree do not necessarily represent the amounts which may eventually be realized from sales or other dispositions of investments. Estimated fair values may differ from the values that would have been used had a ready market for the investment existed, and the differences could be material to the financial statements. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. Changes in interest rates may affect both our cost of funding and our interest income from portfolio investments, cash and cash equivalents and idle fund investments. Our risk management procedures are designed to identify and analyze our risk, to set appropriate policies and to continually monitor these risks. Our investment income will be affected by changes in various interest rates, including SOFR, LIBOR, SONIA and prime rates, to the extent our debt investments include floating interest rates. 
 As of September 30, 2023, 86.2 of our debt investment portfolio (at fair value) and 86.4 of our debt investment portfolio (at cost) bore interest at floating rates. As of September 30, 2022, 86.5 of our debt investment portfolio (at fair value) and 86.3 of our debt investment portfolio (at cost) bore interest at floating rates. The composition of our floating rate debt investments by interest rate floor as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, was as follows: 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 in thousands) Fair Value of Floating Rate Portfolio Fair Value of Floating Rate Portfolio 0 169,693 7.2 228,186 11.1 >0 and 1 248,351 10.6 68,332 3.3 Total Floating Rate Investments 2,345,205 100.0 2,049,644 100.0 
 
 Based on our Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2023, the following table shows the approximate annualized net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (excluding the impact of any potential incentive fees) of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates, assuming no changes in our investment and capital structure. However, there can be no assurances our portfolio companies will be able to meet their contractual obligations at any or all levels on increases in interest rates. 
 in thousands) Basis point increase Increase in Interest Income (Increase) in Interest Expense Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 250 59,948 (34,000) 25,948 200 47,959 (27,200) 20,759 150 35,969 (20,400) 15,569 100 23,979 (13,600) 10,379 50 11,990 (6,800) 5,190 

76 

in thousands) Basis point decrease (Decrease) in Interest Income Decrease in Interest Expense Net (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 50 (11,990) 6,800 (5,190) 100 (23,979) 13,600 (10,379) 150 (35,969) 20,400 (15,569) 200 (47,959) 27,200 (20,759) 250 (59,906) 34,000 (25,906) 
 
 We regularly measure exposure to interest rate risk. We assess interest rate risk and manage our interest rate exposure on an ongoing basis by comparing our interest rate sensitive assets to our interest rate sensitive liabilities. Based on this review, we determine whether or not any hedging transactions are necessary to mitigate exposure to changes in interest rates. The interest rate on the principal balance outstanding for primarily all floating rate loans is indexed to the SOFR and/or an alternate base rate, which typically resets semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower's option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. The following table shows a comparison of the interest rate base for our interest-bearing cash and outstanding investments, at principal, and our outstanding borrowings as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022: 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 in thousands) Interest Bearing Cash and Investments Borrowings Interest Bearing Cash and Investments Borrowings Money market rate 83,262 5,262 Prime rate 2,221 2,618 LIBOR 30 day 26,692 669,273 540,000 90 day (a) 45,671 928,978 510,000 180 day 54,559 199,301 EURIBOR 30 day 5,500 24,838 90 day 24,731 16,911 180 day 6,666 1,964 SOFR 30 day 682,693 430,000 50,099 90 day (b) 1,533,240 930,000 190,799 180 day 32,894 18,390 SONIA 53,250 40,137 Fixed rate 392,019 300,000 341,749 300,000 
 __________ 
 (a) Borrowings include the 2027 Notes, which pay interest at a floating rate under the terms of the interest rate swap. 
 (b) Borrowings include the 2027 Notes and 2029 Notes, which pay interest at a floating rate under the terms of the interest rate swap. 
 77 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 84 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 85 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2023 
 86 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2022 
 96 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 105 

78 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets, and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated November 13, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 by correspondence with the custodians, syndication agents and underlying investee companies, and by other appropriate auditing procedures where confirmation was not received. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which it relates. 

79 

Valuation of investments using significant unobservable inputs 
 
 Description of the Matter As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company classified 2,619,912 thousand of its investments as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy (Level 3 investments) as of September 30, 2023. As described in Note 2 and Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s valuation designee, under the oversight of the Board of Directors, determined the fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments by using valuation techniques such as broker quotations, precedent transactions, enterprise value analyses or market yield techniques. These techniques require management to make judgments about the significant unobservable inputs including, among others, comparable EBITDA, revenue or asset multiples, market yields and broker quoted prices. Auditing the fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments involved a high degree of auditor judgment and extensive audit effort, as changes in the valuation techniques or significant unobservable inputs could have resulted in significant changes in fair value measurements. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls related to the Company s investment valuation process, including controls related to the Company s assessment of valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in determining the fair value measurements of the Level 3 investments. Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company s valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used. Our audit procedures also included, for a sample of Level 3 investments, validating the mathematical accuracy of the fair value calculations and validating the accuracy of other relevant inputs used in estimating fair value measurement, such as investment terms and portfolio company financial information. For example, we compared publicly available information in the Company s valuation models (e.g., market yields, EBITDA, revenue, and asset multiples of comparable public companies and comparable public transactions) to information available from third-party market research providers. We also compared the significant company-specific inputs in the Company s valuation models to source documents, such as portfolio company financial statements and covenant certificates provided by the Company. To evaluate the reasonableness of significant unobservable inputs, we assessed whether these inputs were developed in a manner consistent with the Company s valuation policies and in some instances, we involved our valuation specialists to independently develop ranges using portfolio company and available market information to estimate the fair value of selected investments and we compared these ranges to the Company s fair value measurements. We also evaluated subsequent events and transactions and considered whether they corroborated or contradicted the Company s fair value measurements. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

November 13, 2023 
 80 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of the Company, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated November 13, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 November 13, 2023 

81 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 ASSETS Investments at fair value: Control investments (cost September 30, 2023: ; cost September 30, 2022: 
 Affiliate investments (cost September 30, 2023: ; cost September 30, 2022: 
 Non-control/Non-affiliate investments (cost September 30, 2023: ; cost September 30, 2022: 
 Total investments at fair value (cost September 30, 2023: ; cost September 30, 2022: 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Interest, dividends and fees receivable Due from portfolio companies Receivables from unsettled transactions Due from broker Deferred financing costs Deferred offering costs Deferred tax asset, net Derivative assets at fair value Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS Liabilities: Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Base management fee and incentive fee payable Due to affiliate Interest payable Payables from unsettled transactions Derivative liability at fair value Deferred tax liability Credit facilities payable Unsecured notes payable (net of and of unamortized financing costs as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively) 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Net assets: Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively (1) 
 Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated overdistributed earnings ) ) Total net assets (equivalent to and per common share as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively) (Note 11) (1) 
 Total liabilities and net assets 
 __________ 
 (1) 

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 82 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year ended September 30, 2023 Year ended September 30, 2022 Year ended September 30, 2021 Interest income: Control investments Affiliate investments Non-control/Non-affiliate investments Interest on cash and cash equivalents Total interest income PIK interest income: Control investments Non-control/Non-affiliate investments Total PIK interest income Fee income: Control investments Affiliate investments Non-control/Non-affiliate investments Total fee income Dividend income: Control investments Non-control/Non-affiliate investments Total dividend income Total investment income Expenses: Base management fee Part I incentive fee Part II incentive fee ) Professional fees Directors fees Interest expense Administrator expense General and administrative expenses Total expenses Fees waived ) ) ) Net expenses Net investment income before taxes (Provision) benefit for taxes on net investment income ) ) Excise tax ) Net investment income Unrealized appreciation (depreciation): Control investments ) ) Affiliate investments ) ) Non-control/Non-affiliate investments ) ) Foreign currency forward contracts Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) Realized gains (losses): Control investments Non-control/Non-affiliate investments ) Foreign currency forward contracts ) ) Net realized gains (losses) ) (Provision) benefit for taxes on realized and unrealized gains (losses) ) ) ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses), net of taxes ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Net investment income per common share basic and diluted (1) Earnings (loss) per common share basic and diluted (Note 5) (1) Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted (1) 
 __________ 
 (1) 
 
 See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 83 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year ended September 30, 2023 Year ended September 30, 2022 Year ended September 30, 2021 Operations: Net investment income Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) Net realized gains (losses) ) (Provision) benefit for taxes on realized and unrealized gains (losses) ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Stockholder transactions: Distributions to stockholders ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets from stockholder transactions ) ) ) Capital share transactions: Issuance of common stock in connection with mergers Issuance of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan Repurchase of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with the "at the market" offering Net increase (decrease) in net assets from capital share transactions Total increase (decrease) in net assets ) Net assets at beginning of period Net assets at end of period Net asset value per common share (1) Common shares outstanding at end of period (1) 
 
 __________ 
 (1) 

See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 84 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Year ended September 30, 2023 Year ended September 30, 2022 Year ended September 30, 2021 Operating activities: Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation ) Net realized (gains) losses ) ) PIK interest income ) ) ) Accretion of original issue discount on investments ) ) ) Accretion of original issue discount on unsecured notes payable Amortization of deferred financing costs Deferred taxes ) Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from the sales and repayments of investments Cash received from mergers Changes in operating assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in interest, dividends and fees receivable ) ) (Increase) decrease in due from portfolio companies ) (Increase) decrease in receivables from unsettled transactions ) (Increase) decrease in due from broker ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Increase (decrease) in base management fee and incentive fee payable ) ) Increase (decrease) in due to affiliate ) Increase (decrease) in interest payable Increase (decrease) in payables from unsettled transactions ) Increase (decrease) in director fees payable ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Financing activities: Distributions paid in cash ) ) ) Borrowings under credit facilities Repayments of borrowings under credit facilities ) ) ) Issuance of unsecured notes Repayments of secured borrowings ) Shares issued under the "at the market" offering Repurchases of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan ) ) ) Deferred financing costs paid ) ) ) Offering costs paid ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on foreign currency ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental information: Cash paid for interest Non-cash financing activities: Issuance of shares of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan Deferred financing costs ) Deferred offering costs Issuance of shares in connection with mergers Reconciliation to the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 September 30, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 85 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes Control Investments (8)(9) C5 Technology Holdings, LLC Data Processing Outsourced Services Common Stock (15) C5 Technology Holdings, LLC Data Processing Outsourced Services Preferred Equity (15) Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/28/2025 (6)(15) Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/28/2025 (6)(15)(19) Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 8/28/2025 (6)(15) Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Health Care Services Common Stock (15) OCSI Glick JV LLC Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Debt SOFR+ 10/20/2028 (6)(11)(14)(15)(19) OCSI Glick JV LLC Multi-Sector Holdings Membership Interest (11)(14)(16)(19) Senior Loan Fund JV I, LLC Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Debt SOFR+ 12/29/2028 (6)(11)(14)(15)(19) Senior Loan Fund JV I, LLC Multi-Sector Holdings Membership Interest (11)(12)(14)(16)(19) SIO2 Medical Products, Inc. Metal, Glass Plastic Containers First Lien Term Loan 8/3/2028 (15) SIO2 Medical Products, Inc. Metal, Glass Plastic Containers First Lien Term Loan 8/3/2028 (15)(19) SIO2 Medical Products, Inc. Metal, Glass Plastic Containers Common Stock (15) SIO2 Medical Products, Inc. Metal, Glass Plastic Containers Warrants (15) Total Control Investments of net assets) 
 Affiliate Investments (17) Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 1/25/2026 (6)(15)(19) Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance Common Stock (15) Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance Preferred Equity (15) Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance Warrants (15) Caregiver Services, Inc. Health Care Services Preferred Equity (15) Total Affiliate Investments of net assets) 
 Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (18) 107-109 Beech OAK22 LLC Real Estate Development First Lien Revolver 2/27/2026 (15)(19) 107 Fair Street LLC Real Estate Development First Lien Term Loan 5/31/2024 (10)(15)(19) 112-126 Van Houten Real22 LLC Real Estate Development First Lien Term Loan 5/4/2024 (10)(15)(19) A.T. Holdings II Ltd. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan 9/13/2029 (11)(15)(22) A.T. Holdings II S RL Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan 2/6/2024 (11)(15) Accupac, Inc. Personal Care Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/16/2026 (6)(15) Accupac, Inc. Personal Care Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/16/2026 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Accupac, Inc. Personal Care Products First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 1/16/2026 (6)(15)(19) Acquia Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/31/2025 (6)(15) Acquia Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/31/2025 (6)(15) Acquia Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/31/2025 (6)(15)(19) ADB Companies, LLC Construction Engineering First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/18/2025 (6)(15) ADB Companies, LLC Construction Engineering First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/18/2025 (6)(15) ADB Companies, LLC Construction Engineering First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/18/2025 (6)(15) 
 86 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes ADC Therapeutics SA Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/15/2029 (6)(11)(15) ADC Therapeutics SA Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/15/2029 ) ) (6)(11)(15)(19) ADC Therapeutics SA Biotechnology Warrants (11)(15) AI Sirona (Luxembourg) Acquisition S.a.r.l. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan E+ 9/30/2028 (6)(11) AIP RD Buyer Corp. Distributors Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/21/2029 (6)(15) AIP RD Buyer Corp. Distributors Common Stock (15) AirStrip Technologies, Inc. Application Software Warrants (15) All Web Leads, Inc. Advertising First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/29/2023 (6)(15)(20) Altice France S.A. Integrated Telecommunication Services Fixed Rate Bond 10/15/2029 (11) Alto Pharmacy Holdings, Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/14/2027 (6)(15) Alto Pharmacy Holdings, Inc. Health Care Technology Warrants (15) Alvogen Pharma US, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/30/2025 (6)(15) Alvotech Holdings S.A. Biotechnology Fixed Rate Bond 11/16/2026 (11)(15) Alvotech Holdings S.A. Biotechnology Fixed Rate Bond 11/16/2026 (11)(15) Alvotech Holdings S.A. Biotechnology Fixed Rate Bond 11/16/2026 (11)(15) Alvotech Holdings S.A. Biotechnology Fixed Rate Bond 11/16/2026 (11)(15) Alvotech Holdings S.A. Biotechnology Common Stock (11) Alvotech Holdings S.A. Biotechnology Common Stock (11)(13)(15) American Auto Auction Group, LLC Consumer Finance Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/2/2029 (6)(15) American Tire Distributors, Inc. Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/20/2028 (6) Amplify Finco Pty Ltd. Movies Entertainment Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/26/2027 (6)(11)(15) Anastasia Parent, LLC Personal Care Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/11/2025 (6) Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan E+ 7/14/2026 (6)(11)(15) Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/14/2026 (6)(11)(15) Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 7/14/2026 (6)(11)(15) Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 7/14/2026 (6)(11)(15) Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 7/14/2026 (6)(11)(15) ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/29/2027 (6)(11)(15) ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 12/29/2027 ) ) (6)(11)(15)(19) Astra Acquisition Corp. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/25/2028 (6) athenahealth Group Inc. Health Care Technology Preferred Equity (15) ATNX SPV, LLC Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 5/31/2031 (11)(15)(22) Aurora Lux Finco S. .R.L. Airport Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/24/2026 (6)(11)(15) Avalara, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/19/2028 (6)(15) Avalara, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/19/2028 ) ) (6)(15)(19) The Avery Real Estate Operating Companies First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/17/2023 (6)(15)(20) The Avery Real Estate Operating Companies Subordinated Debt Term Loan L+ 2/17/2023 (6)(15)(20) BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/11/2027 (6)(15) 
 87 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/11/2027 (6)(15) BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/11/2028 (6)(15) BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/11/2028 (6)(15) BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/11/2028 (6)(15) Berner Food Beverage, LLC Soft Drinks Non-alcoholic Beverages First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/30/2027 (6)(15) Berner Food Beverage, LLC Soft Drinks Non-alcoholic Beverages First Lien Revolver PRIME+ 7/30/2026 (6)(15)(19) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 4/19/2027 (11)(15) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 9/30/2032 (11)(15)(19)(22) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 4/19/2027 (11)(15)(19) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 4/19/2027 (11)(15)(19) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 9/30/2032 (11)(15)(19)(22) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 9/30/2032 (11)(15)(19)(22) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals Warrants (11)(15) Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc. Data Processing Outsourced Services Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/15/2026 (6) Blumenthal Temecula, LLC Automotive Retail First Lien Term Loan 10/9/2023 (15) Blumenthal Temecula, LLC Automotive Retail Preferred Equity (15) Blumenthal Temecula, LLC Automotive Retail Preferred Equity (15) Blumenthal Temecula, LLC Automotive Retail Common Stock (15) Cadence Aerospace, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/14/2024 (6)(15) Cadence Aerospace, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/14/2024 (6)(15) Cadence Aerospace, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/14/2024 (6)(15) Cadence Aerospace, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/14/2024 (6)(15) Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Advertising Fixed Rate Bond 6/1/2029 (11) Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Advertising Fixed Rate Bond 4/15/2028 (11) Condor Merger Sub Inc. Systems Software Fixed Rate Bond 2/15/2030 Continental Intermodal Group LP Oil Gas Storage Transportation First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/28/2025 (6)(15)(20) Continental Intermodal Group LP Oil Gas Storage Transportation Warrants (15) Conviva Inc. Application Software Preferred Equity (15) Coupa Holdings, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/27/2030 (6)(15) Coupa Holdings, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/27/2030 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Coupa Holdings, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/27/2029 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Covetrus, Inc. Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/13/2029 (6) Coyote Buyer, LLC Specialty Chemicals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/6/2026 (6)(15) Coyote Buyer, LLC Specialty Chemicals First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/6/2025 (6)(15)(19) CPC Acquisition Corp. Specialty Chemicals Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/29/2028 (6)(15)(20) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Subordinated Debt Term Loan 8/31/2029 (11)(15)(19) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Preferred Equity (11)(15) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Common Stock (11)(15) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Warrants (11)(15) Dialyze Holdings, LLC Health Care Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/4/2026 (6)(15) 
 88 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes Dialyze Holdings, LLC Health Care Equipment Subordinated Debt Term Loan 9/30/2027 (15) Dialyze Holdings, LLC Health Care Equipment Warrants (15) Digital.AI Software Holdings, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/10/2027 (6)(15) Digital.AI Software Holdings, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/10/2027 (6)(15)(19) DirecTV Financing, LLC Cable Satellite First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/2/2027 (6) DTI Holdco, Inc. Research Consulting Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/26/2029 (6) Eagleview Technology Corporation Application Software Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/14/2026 (6)(15) EOS Fitness Opco Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities Preferred Equity (15) EOS Fitness Opco Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities Common Stock (15) Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 4/21/2027 (11)(15) Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 4/21/2027 (11)(15) Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 4/21/2027 (11)(15)(19) Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 4/21/2027 (11)(15)(19) Evergreen IX Borrower 2023, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/29/2030 (6)(15) Evergreen IX Borrower 2023, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 9/29/2029 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Fairbridge Strategic Capital Funding LLC Real Estate Operating Companies First Lien Term Loan 12/24/2028 (15)(19) Fairbridge Strategic Capital Funding LLC Real Estate Operating Companies Warrants (11)(15) Finastra USA, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/13/2029 (6)(11)(15) Finastra USA, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 9/13/2029 (6)(11)(15)(19) FINThrive Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Health Care Technology Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/17/2029 (6) Fortress Biotech, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan 8/27/2025 (11)(15) Fortress Biotech, Inc. Biotechnology Warrants (11)(15) Frontier Communications Holdings, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services Fixed Rate Bond 1/15/2030 (11) Galileo Parent, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/3/2029 (6)(15) Galileo Parent, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 5/3/2029 (6)(15)(19) Gibson Brands, Inc. Leisure Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/11/2028 (6)(15) GoldenTree Loan Management EUR CLO 2 DAC Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes E+ 1/20/2032 (6)(11) Grove Hotel Parcel Owner, LLC Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/21/2027 (6)(15) Grove Hotel Parcel Owner, LLC Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/21/2027 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Grove Hotel Parcel Owner, LLC Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 6/21/2027 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Harbor Purchaser Inc. Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/9/2029 (6) Harrow, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/19/2026 (6)(11)(15) Harrow, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/19/2026 ) ) (6)(11)(15)(19) Harrow, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/19/2026 (6)(11)(15) Horizon Aircraft Finance I Ltd. Specialized Finance CLO Notes 12/15/2038 (11) IAMGOLD Corporation Gold Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/16/2028 (6)(11)(15) 
 89 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (6)(15) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (6)(15) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (6)(15)(19) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (6)(15)(19) Impel Pharmaceuticals Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/17/2027 (6)(15) Impel Pharmaceuticals Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/17/2027 (6)(15) Impel Pharmaceuticals Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/17/2027 (6)(15)(19) Impel Pharmaceuticals Inc. Health Care Technology Warrants Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/26/2027 (6)(11)(15) Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited Health Care Technology Warrants (11)(15) Integral Development Corporation Diversified Financial Services Warrants (15) Inventus Power, Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/30/2025 (6)(15) Inventus Power, Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 6/30/2025 ) ) (6)(15)(19) INW Manufacturing, LLC Personal Care Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/25/2027 (6)(15) IPC Corp. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/1/2026 (6)(15) Ivanti Software, Inc. Application Software Second Lien Term Loan L+ 12/1/2028 (6) Kings Buyer, LLC Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/29/2027 (6)(15) Kings Buyer, LLC Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/29/2027 (6)(15)(19) Kings Buyer, LLC Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/29/2027 (6)(15) Kings Buyer, LLC Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/29/2027 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Latam Airlines Group S.A. Passenger Airlines First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/12/2027 (6)(11) Lift Brands Holdings, Inc. Leisure Facilities Common Stock (15) Lightbox Intermediate, L.P. Real Estate Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/9/2026 (6)(15) Liquid Environmental Solutions Corporation Environmental Facilities Services Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/30/2026 (6)(15) Liquid Environmental Solutions Corporation Environmental Facilities Services Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/30/2026 (6)(15)(19) Liquid Environmental Solutions Corporation Environmental Facilities Services Common Stock (15) LSL Holdco, LLC Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/31/2028 (6)(15) LSL Holdco, LLC Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/31/2028 (6)(15) LSL Holdco, LLC Health Care Distributors First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 1/31/2028 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 5/11/2026 (11)(15) Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 5/11/2026 (11)(15) Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 5/11/2026 (11)(15) Mesoblast, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan 11/19/2026 (11)(15) Mesoblast, Inc. Biotechnology Warrants (11)(15) Mesoblast, Inc. Biotechnology Warrants (11)(15) MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/21/2027 (6)(15) MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/21/2027 (6)(15) MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 7/21/2027 (6)(15)(19) 
 90 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes Mindbody, Inc. Internet Services Infrastructure First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/14/2025 (6)(15) Mindbody, Inc. Internet Services Infrastructure First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/14/2025 (6)(15) Mindbody, Inc. Internet Services Infrastructure First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/14/2025 ) ) (6)(15)(19) MND Holdings III Corp Other Specialty Retail First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/9/2028 (6)(15) MND Holdings III Corp Other Specialty Retail First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 5/9/2028 (6)(15)(19) Mosaic Companies, LLC Home Improvement Retail First Lien Term Loan L+ 7/2/2026 (6)(15) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/10/2026 (6)(15) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/10/2026 (6)(15) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/10/2026 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Navisite, LLC Data Processing Outsourced Services Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/30/2026 (6)(15) NeuAG, LLC Fertilizers Agricultural Chemicals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/11/2024 (6)(15) NFP Corp. Diversified Financial Services Fixed Rate Bond 8/15/2028 NN, Inc. Industrial Machinery Supplies Components First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/19/2026 (6)(11)(15) NN, Inc. Industrial Machinery Supplies Components Warrants (11) NN, Inc. Industrial Machinery Supplies Components Warrants (11) OEConnection LLC Application Software Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/25/2027 (6)(15) Oranje Holdco, Inc. Systems Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/1/2029 (6)(15) Oranje Holdco, Inc. Systems Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/1/2029 ) ) (6)(15)(19) OTG Management, LLC Airport Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/2/2025 (6)(15) OTG Management, LLC Airport Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/2/2025 ) ) (6)(15)(19) OTG Management, LLC Airport Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/2/2025 (6)(15)(19) P L Development, LLC Pharmaceuticals Fixed Rate Bond 11/15/2025 Park Place Technologies, LLC Internet Services Infrastructure First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/10/2027 (6) Performance Health Holdings, Inc. Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/12/2027 (6)(15) Planview Parent, Inc. Application Software Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/18/2028 (6)(15) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/6/2027 (6)(15) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 4/6/2027 (6)(15)(19) PPW Aero Buyer, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/15/2029 (6)(15) PPW Aero Buyer, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/15/2029 ) ) (6)(15)(19) PRGX Global, Inc. Data Processing Outsourced Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/3/2026 (6)(15) PRGX Global, Inc. Data Processing Outsourced Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 3/3/2026 ) ) (6)(15)(19) PRGX Global, Inc. Data Processing Outsourced Services Common Stock (15) Profrac Holdings II, LLC Industrial Machinery Supplies Components First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/4/2025 (6)(15) Profrac Holdings II, LLC Industrial Machinery Supplies Components First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/4/2025 (6)(15) Quantum Bidco Limited Food Distributors First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 1/31/2028 (6)(11)(15) QuorumLabs, Inc. Application Software Preferred Equity (15) Relativity ODA LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/12/2027 (6)(15) Relativity ODA LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 5/12/2027 ) ) (6)(15)(19) 
 91 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes RumbleOn, Inc. Automotive Retail First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/31/2026 (6)(11)(15) RumbleOn, Inc. Automotive Retail First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/31/2026 (6)(11)(15) RumbleOn, Inc. Automotive Retail Warrants (11)(15) Salus Workers' Compensation, LLC Diversified Financial Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/7/2026 (6)(15) Salus Workers' Compensation, LLC Diversified Financial Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/7/2026 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Salus Workers' Compensation, LLC Diversified Financial Services Warrants (15) Scilex Holding Co Biotechnology Common Stock (11) SCP Eye Care Services, LLC Health Care Services Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/7/2030 (6)(15) SCP Eye Care Services, LLC Health Care Services Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/7/2030 ) ) (6)(15)(19) SCP Eye Care Services, LLC Health Care Services Common Stock (15) scPharmaceuticals Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/13/2027 (6)(15) scPharmaceuticals Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/13/2027 (6)(15)(19) scPharmaceuticals Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/13/2027 (6)(15)(19) scPharmaceuticals Inc. Pharmaceuticals Warrants (15) Seres Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/27/2029 (6)(11)(15) Seres Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/27/2029 (6)(11)(15) Seres Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/27/2029 (6)(11)(15)(19) Seres Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/27/2029 (6)(11)(15)(19) Seres Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology Warrants (11)(15) ShareThis, Inc. Application Software Warrants (15) SM Wellness Holdings, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/17/2028 (6)(15) SM Wellness Holdings, Inc. Health Care Services Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/16/2029 (6)(15) SonicWall US Holdings Inc. Technology Distributors Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/18/2026 (6)(15) Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology Common Stock (11) Spanx, LLC Apparel Retail First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/20/2028 (6)(15) Spanx, LLC Apparel Retail First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 11/18/2027 (6)(15)(19) SumUp Holdings Luxembourg S. .R.L. Diversified Financial Services First Lien Term Loan E+ 3/10/2026 (6)(11)(15) Superior Industries International, Inc. Auto Parts Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/16/2028 (6)(15) Supreme Fitness Group NY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/31/2026 (6)(15)(21) Supreme Fitness Group NY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/31/2026 (6)(15)(21) Supreme Fitness Group NY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/31/2026 (6)(15)(19)(21) Supreme Fitness Group NY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 12/31/2026 (6)(15)(21) SVP-Singer Holdings Inc. Home Furnishings First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/28/2028 (6)(15) Tacala, LLC Restaurants Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/4/2028 (6) Tahoe Bidco B.V. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/29/2028 (6)(11)(15) Tahoe Bidco B.V. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/1/2027 ) ) (6)(11)(15)(19) Telestream Holdings Corporation Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/15/2025 (6)(15) Telestream Holdings Corporation Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/15/2025 (6)(15)(19) Ten-X LLC Interactive Media Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/26/2028 (6)(15) TGNR HoldCo LLC Integrated Oil Gas Subordinated Debt 5/14/2026 (10)(11)(15) 
 92 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes THL Zinc Ventures Ltd Diversified Metals Mining First Lien Term Loan 5/23/2026 (11)(15) Thrasio, LLC Broadline Retail First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/18/2026 (6)(15) Thrasio, LLC Broadline Retail Preferred Equity (15) Thrasio, LLC Broadline Retail Preferred Equity (15) Thrasio, LLC Broadline Retail Preferred Equity (15) Thrasio, LLC Broadline Retail Preferred Equity (15) Touchstone Acquisition, Inc. Health Care Supplies First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/29/2028 (6)(15) Trinitas CLO XV DAC Multi-Sector Holdings CLO Notes SOFR+ 4/22/2034 (6)(11) Uniti Group LP Other Specialized REITs Fixed Rate Bond 2/15/2029 (11) Uniti Group LP Other Specialized REITs Fixed Rate Bond 4/15/2028 (11) Virgin Pulse, Inc. Application Software Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/6/2029 (6)(15) Win Brands Group LLC Housewares Specialties First Lien Term Loan L+ 1/23/2026 (6)(15) Win Brands Group LLC Housewares Specialties First Lien Term Loan L+ 1/23/2026 (6)(15) Win Brands Group LLC Housewares Specialties Warrants (15) Windstream Services II, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/21/2027 (6) Windstream Services II, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services Common Stock (15) WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/30/2025 (6) WWEX Uni Topco Holdings, LLC Air Freight Logistics Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/26/2029 (6)(15) Zephyr Bidco Limited Specialized Finance Second Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 7/23/2026 (6)(11)(15) Zep Inc. Specialty Chemicals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/30/2028 (6)(15) Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments of net assets) 
 Total Portfolio Investments of net assets) 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash JP Morgan Prime Money Market Fund, Institutional Shares Other cash accounts Total Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash of net assets) 
 Total Portfolio Investments and Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash of net assets) 
 
 93 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Derivative Instrument Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Maturity Date Counterparty Cumulative Unrealized Appreciation /(Depreciation) Foreign currency forward contract 11/9/2023 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Foreign currency forward contract 11/9/2023 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

Derivative Instrument Company Receives Company Pays Counterparty Maturity Date Notional Amount Fair Value Interest rate swap Fixed 
 Floating 3-month SOFR + 
 Royal Bank of Canada 
 1/15/2027 ) Interest rate swap Fixed 
 Floating 3-month SOFR + 
 Royal Bank of Canada 
 2/15/2029 ) ) 
 94 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2023 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

(1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) 
 (11) of the Company's total assets and non-qualifying assets represented of the Company's total assets. 
 (12) 
 (13) per share for any ten trading days within any twenty trading day period, and the other half will vest, if at any time during such period, the common share price is at or above a VWAP of per share for any ten trading days within any twenty trading day period. 
 (14) 
 (15) 
 (16) 
 (17) 
 (18) 
 (19) 
 (20) 
 (21) 
 (22) 
 
 See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 95 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes Control Investments (8)(9) C5 Technology Holdings, LLC Data Processing Outsourced Services Common Stock (15) C5 Technology Holdings, LLC Data Processing Outsourced Services Preferred Equity (15) Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/28/2024 (6)(15) Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Revolver L+ 2/28/2024 (6)(15)(19) Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Health Care Services Common Stock (15) OCSI Glick JV LLC Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Debt L+ 10/20/2028 (6)(11)(14)(15)(19) OCSI Glick JV LLC Multi-Sector Holdings Membership Interest (11)(14)(16)(19) Senior Loan Fund JV I, LLC Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Debt L+ 12/29/2028 (6)(11)(14)(15)(19) Senior Loan Fund JV I, LLC Multi-Sector Holdings Membership Interest (11)(12)(14)(16)(19) Total Control Investments of net assets) 
 Affiliate Investments (17) Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance First Lien Revolver L+ 10/17/2023 (6)(15)(19) Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance Common Stock (15) Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance Preferred Equity (15) Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance Warrants (15) Caregiver Services, Inc. Health Care Services Preferred Equity (15) Total Affiliate Investments of net assets) 
 Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (18) 109 Montgomery Owner LLC Real Estate Operating Companies First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/2/2023 (6)(15) 109 Montgomery Owner LLC Real Estate Operating Companies First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/2/2023 ) (6)(15)(19) A.T. Holdings II S RL Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan 12/22/2022 (11)(15) Access CIG, LLC Diversified Support Services Second Lien Term Loan L+ 2/27/2026 (6) Accupac, Inc. Personal Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/16/2026 (6)(15) Accupac, Inc. Personal Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/16/2026 ) (6)(15)(19) Accupac, Inc. Personal Products First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 1/16/2026 (6)(15)(19) Acquia Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/31/2025 (6)(15) Acquia Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver L+ 10/31/2025 (6)(15)(19) ADB Companies, LLC Construction Engineering First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/18/2025 (6)(15) ADC Therapeutics SA Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/15/2029 (6)(11)(15) ADC Therapeutics SA Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/15/2029 ) ) (6)(11)(15)(19) ADC Therapeutics SA Biotechnology Warrants (11)(15) Aden Anais Merger Sub, Inc. Apparel, Accessories Luxury Goods Common Stock (15) AI Sirona (Luxembourg) Acquisition S.a.r.l. Pharmaceuticals Second Lien Term Loan E+ 9/28/2026 (6)(11)(15) AIP RD Buyer Corp. Distributors Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/21/2029 (6)(15) AIP RD Buyer Corp. Distributors Common Stock (15) AirStrip Technologies, Inc. Application Software Warrants (15) All Web Leads, Inc. Advertising First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/29/2023 (6)(15) 
 96 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes Altice France S.A. Integrated Telecommunication Services Fixed Rate Bond 10/15/2029 (11) Alvogen Pharma US, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/30/2025 (6)(15) Alvotech Holdings S.A. Biotechnology Fixed Rate Bond 6/24/2025 (11)(15) Alvotech Holdings S.A. Biotechnology Fixed Rate Bond 6/24/2025 (11)(15) Alvotech Holdings S.A. Biotechnology Common Stock (11) Alvotech Holdings S.A. Biotechnology Common Stock (11)(13)(15) American Auto Auction Group, LLC Consumer Finance Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/2/2029 (6)(15) American Tire Distributors, Inc. Distributors First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/20/2028 (6) Amplify Finco Pty Ltd. Movies Entertainment First Lien Term Loan L+ 11/26/2026 (6)(11)(15) Amplify Finco Pty Ltd. Movies Entertainment Second Lien Term Loan L+ 11/26/2027 (6)(11)(15) Anastasia Parent, LLC Personal Products First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/11/2025 (6) Ankura Consulting Group LLC Research Consulting Services Second Lien Term Loan L+ 3/19/2029 (6)(15) Apptio, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 1/10/2025 (6)(15) Apptio, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver L+ 1/10/2025 (6)(15)(19) APX Group Inc. Electrical Components Equipment Fixed Rate Bond 7/15/2029 (11) Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan E+ 7/14/2026 (6)(11)(15) Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 7/14/2026 (6)(11)(15) Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan L+ 7/14/2026 (6)(11)(15) Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Insurance Brokers First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 7/14/2026 ) (6)(11)(15)(19) ASP Unifrax Holdings, Inc. Trading Companies Distributors Fixed Rate Bond 9/30/2029 ASP Unifrax Holdings, Inc. Trading Companies Distributors Fixed Rate Bond 9/30/2028 Associated Asphalt Partners, LLC Construction Materials First Lien Term Loan L+ 4/5/2024 (6) Astra Acquisition Corp. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/25/2028 (6) athenahealth Group Inc. Health Care Technology Preferred Equity (15) Athenex, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 6/19/2026 (11)(15) Athenex, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 5/31/2031 (11)(15)(21) Athenex, Inc. Pharmaceuticals Warrants (11)(15) Aurora Lux Finco S. .R.L. Airport Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/24/2026 (6)(11)(15) The Avery Real Estate Operating Companies First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/17/2023 (6)(15) The Avery Real Estate Operating Companies Subordinated Debt Term Loan L+ 2/17/2023 (6)(15) BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 6/11/2027 (6)(15)(19) BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services Second Lien Term Loan L+ 6/11/2028 (6)(15) BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services Second Lien Term Loan L+ 6/11/2028 (6)(15)(19) Berner Food Beverage, LLC Soft Drinks First Lien Term Loan L+ 7/30/2027 (6)(15) Berner Food Beverage, LLC Soft Drinks First Lien Revolver PRIME+ 7/30/2026 (6)(15)(19) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 4/19/2027 (11)(15) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 4/19/2027 (11)(15)(19) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 9/30/2032 (11)(15)(21) 
 97 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 9/30/2032 (11)(15)(19)(21) BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. Pharmaceuticals Warrants (11)(15) Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc. Data Processing Outsourced Services Second Lien Term Loan L+ 6/15/2026 (6) Blumenthal Temecula, LLC Automotive Retail First Lien Term Loan 9/24/2023 (15) Blumenthal Temecula, LLC Automotive Retail Preferred Equity (15) Blumenthal Temecula, LLC Automotive Retail Preferred Equity (15) Blumenthal Temecula, LLC Automotive Retail Common Stock (15) Cadence Aerospace, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan L+ 11/14/2023 (6)(15) Carvana Co. Automotive Retail Fixed Rate Bond 10/1/2025 (11) CCO Holdings LLC Cable Satellite Fixed Rate Bond 5/1/2032 (11) CircusTrix Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Term Loan L+ 7/16/2023 (6)(15) CITGO Holding, Inc. Oil Gas Refining Marketing Fixed Rate Bond 8/1/2024 CITGO Petroleum Corp. Oil Gas Refining Marketing First Lien Term Loan L+ 3/28/2024 (6) Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Advertising Fixed Rate Bond 6/1/2029 (11) Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Advertising Fixed Rate Bond 8/15/2027 (11) Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Advertising Fixed Rate Bond 4/15/2028 (11) Condor Merger Sub Inc. Systems Software Fixed Rate Bond 2/15/2030 Continental Intermodal Group LP Oil Gas Storage Transportation First Lien Term Loan L+ 1/28/2025 (6)(15) Continental Intermodal Group LP Oil Gas Storage Transportation Warrants (15) Convergeone Holdings, Inc. IT Consulting Other Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 1/4/2026 (6) Conviva Inc. Application Software Preferred Equity (15) CorEvitas, LLC Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/13/2025 (6)(15) CorEvitas, LLC Health Care Technology First Lien Revolver PRIME+ 12/13/2025 (6)(15)(19) CorEvitas, LLC Health Care Technology Common Stock (15) Covetrus, Inc. Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/13/2029 (6) Coyote Buyer, LLC Specialty Chemicals First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/6/2026 (6)(15) Coyote Buyer, LLC Specialty Chemicals First Lien Revolver L+ 2/6/2025 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Delivery Hero FinCo LLC Internet Direct Marketing Retail First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/12/2027 (6)(11) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Subordinated Debt Term Loan 8/31/2029 (11)(15)(19) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Preferred Equity (11)(15) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Common Stock (11)(15) Delta Leasing SPV II LLC Specialized Finance Warrants (11)(15) Delta Topco, Inc. Systems Software Second Lien Term Loan L+ 12/1/2028 (6) Dialyze Holdings, LLC Health Care Equipment First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/4/2026 (6)(15) Dialyze Holdings, LLC Health Care Equipment First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/4/2026 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Dialyze Holdings, LLC Health Care Equipment Warrants (15) Digital.AI Software Holdings, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/10/2027 (6)(15) Digital.AI Software Holdings, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver L+ 2/10/2027 (6)(15)(19) 
 98 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes DirecTV Financing, LLC Cable Satellite First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/2/2027 (6) DTI Holdco, Inc. Research Consulting Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/26/2029 (6) Eagleview Technology Corporation Application Software Second Lien Term Loan L+ 8/14/2026 (6)(15) EOS Fitness Opco Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities Preferred Equity (15) EOS Fitness Opco Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities Common Stock (15) Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 4/21/2027 (11)(15) Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 4/21/2027 (11)(15)(19) Fairbridge Strategic Capital Funding LLC Real Estate Operating Companies First Lien Term Loan 12/24/2028 (15)(19)(20) Fairbridge Strategic Capital Funding LLC Real Estate Operating Companies Warrants (11)(15)(20) FINThrive Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Health Care Technology Second Lien Term Loan L+ 12/17/2029 (6) Fortress Biotech, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan 8/27/2025 (11)(15) Fortress Biotech, Inc. Biotechnology Warrants (11)(15) Frontier Communications Holdings, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services Fixed Rate Bond 1/15/2030 (11) GKD Index Partners, LLC Specialized Finance First Lien Term Loan L+ 6/29/2023 (6)(15) GKD Index Partners, LLC Specialized Finance First Lien Revolver L+ 6/29/2023 (6)(15)(19) Global Medical Response, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 3/14/2025 (6) Grove Hotel Parcel Owner, LLC Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/21/2027 (6)(15) Grove Hotel Parcel Owner, LLC Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/21/2027 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Grove Hotel Parcel Owner, LLC Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 6/21/2027 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Harbor Purchaser Inc. Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/9/2029 (6) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (6)(15) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/18/2028 (6)(15)(19) iCIMs, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 8/18/2028 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Immucor, Inc. Health Care Supplies First Lien Term Loan L+ 7/2/2025 (6)(15) Immucor, Inc. Health Care Supplies Second Lien Term Loan L+ 10/2/2025 (6)(15) Impel Neuropharma, Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 2/15/2031 (15)(21) Impel Neuropharma, Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/17/2027 (6)(15) Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 1/26/2027 (11)(15) Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 1/26/2027 (11)(15)(19) Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited Health Care Technology Warrants (11)(15) Integral Development Corporation Other Diversified Financial Services Warrants (15) Inventus Power, Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/29/2024 (6)(15) Inventus Power, Inc. Electrical Components Equipment Second Lien Term Loan L+ 9/29/2024 (6)(15) INW Manufacturing, LLC Personal Products First Lien Term Loan L+ 3/25/2027 (6)(15) IPC Corp. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/1/2026 (6)(15) Ivanti Software, Inc. Application Software Second Lien Term Loan L+ 12/1/2028 (6) Jazz Acquisition, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan L+ 1/29/2027 (6)(15) Jazz Acquisition, Inc. Aerospace Defense Second Lien Term Loan L+ 6/18/2027 (6) 
 99 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes Kings Buyer, LLC Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/29/2027 (6)(15) Kings Buyer, LLC Environmental Facilities Services First Lien Revolver L+ 10/29/2027 (6)(15)(19) LaserShip, Inc. Air Freight Logistics Second Lien Term Loan L+ 5/7/2029 (6)(15) Lift Brands Holdings, Inc. Leisure Facilities Common Stock (15) Lightbox Intermediate, L.P. Real Estate Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 5/9/2026 (6)(15) Liquid Environmental Solutions Corporation Environmental Facilities Services Second Lien Term Loan L+ 11/30/2026 (6)(15) Liquid Environmental Solutions Corporation Environmental Facilities Services Second Lien Term Loan L+ 11/30/2026 (6)(15)(19) Liquid Environmental Solutions Corporation Environmental Facilities Services Common Stock (15) LSL Holdco, LLC Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan L+ 1/31/2028 (6)(15) LSL Holdco, LLC Health Care Distributors First Lien Revolver L+ 1/31/2028 (6)(15)(19) LTI Holdings, Inc. Electronic Components Second Lien Term Loan L+ 9/6/2026 (6) Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 5/11/2026 (11)(15) Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 5/11/2026 (11)(15)(19) Mesoblast, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan 11/19/2026 (11)(15) Mesoblast, Inc. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan 11/19/2026 (11)(15)(19) Mesoblast, Inc. Biotechnology Warrants (11)(15) MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/21/2027 (6)(15) MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Diversified Support Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 7/21/2027 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Mindbody, Inc. Internet Services Infrastructure First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/14/2025 (6)(15) Mindbody, Inc. Internet Services Infrastructure First Lien Revolver L+ 2/14/2025 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Mosaic Companies, LLC Home Improvement Retail First Lien Term Loan L+ 7/2/2026 (6)(15) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/10/2026 (6)(15) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/10/2026 ) ) (6)(15)(19) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver L+ 2/10/2026 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Navisite, LLC Data Processing Outsourced Services Second Lien Term Loan L+ 12/30/2026 (6)(15) NeuAG, LLC Fertilizers Agricultural Chemicals First Lien Term Loan L+ 9/11/2024 (6)(15) NFP Corp. Other Diversified Financial Services Fixed Rate Bond 8/15/2028 NN, Inc. Industrial Machinery First Lien Term Loan L+ 9/19/2026 (6)(11)(15) OEConnection LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 9/25/2026 (6) OEConnection LLC Application Software Second Lien Term Loan L+ 9/25/2027 (6)(15) OTG Management, LLC Airport Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 9/2/2025 (6)(15) OTG Management, LLC Airport Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 9/2/2025 ) (6)(15)(19) P L Development, LLC Pharmaceuticals Fixed Rate Bond 11/15/2025 Park Place Technologies, LLC Internet Services Infrastructure First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/10/2027 (6) Performance Health Holdings, Inc. Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan L+ 7/12/2027 (6)(15) PFNY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/31/2026 (6)(15) 
 100 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes PFNY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/31/2026 (6)(15)(19) PFNY Holdings, LLC Leisure Facilities First Lien Revolver L+ 12/31/2026 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Planview Parent, Inc. Application Software Second Lien Term Loan L+ 12/18/2028 (6)(15) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 4/6/2027 (6)(15) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver L+ 4/6/2027 ) ) (6)(15)(19) PRGX Global, Inc. Data Processing Outsourced Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 3/3/2026 (6)(15) PRGX Global, Inc. Data Processing Outsourced Services First Lien Revolver L+ 3/3/2026 ) ) (6)(15)(19) PRGX Global, Inc. Data Processing Outsourced Services Common Stock (15) Profrac Holdings II, LLC Industrial Machinery First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/4/2025 (6)(15) Project Boost Purchaser, LLC Application Software Second Lien Term Loan L+ 5/31/2027 (6)(15) Quantum Bidco Limited Food Distributors First Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 1/31/2028 (6)(11)(15) QuorumLabs, Inc. Application Software Preferred Equity (15) Radiology Partners, Inc. Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan L+ 7/9/2025 (6) Radiology Partners, Inc. Health Care Distributors Fixed Rate Bond 2/1/2028 Relativity ODA LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 5/12/2027 (6)(15) Relativity ODA LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver L+ 5/12/2027 ) ) (6)(15)(19) Renaissance Holding Corp. Diversified Banks Second Lien Term Loan L+ 5/29/2026 (6) RP Escrow Issuer LLC Health Care Distributors Fixed Rate Bond 12/15/2025 RumbleOn, Inc. Automotive Retail First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/31/2026 (6)(11)(15) RumbleOn, Inc. Automotive Retail First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/31/2026 (6)(11)(15)(19) RumbleOn, Inc. Automotive Retail Warrants (11)(15) Sabert Corporation Metal Glass Containers First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/10/2026 (6) ShareThis, Inc. Application Software Warrants (15) SiO2 Medical Products, Inc. Metal Glass Containers First Lien Term Loan 12/21/2026 (15) SIO2 Medical Products, Inc. Metal Glass Containers Warrants (15) SM Wellness Holdings, Inc. Health Care Services Second Lien Term Loan L+ 4/16/2029 (6)(15) SonicWall US Holdings Inc. Technology Distributors Second Lien Term Loan L+ 5/18/2026 (6)(15) Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. Biotechnology Common Stock (11) Spanx, LLC Apparel Retail First Lien Term Loan L+ 11/20/2028 (6)(15) Spanx, LLC Apparel Retail First Lien Revolver L+ 11/18/2027 (6)(15)(19) SPX Flow, Inc. Industrial Machinery First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/5/2029 (6) SumUp Holdings Luxembourg S. .R.L. Other Diversified Financial Services First Lien Term Loan E+ 3/10/2026 (6)(11)(15) Sunland Asphalt Construction, LLC Construction Engineering First Lien Term Loan L+ 1/13/2026 (6)(15) Supermoose Borrower, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/29/2025 (6) SVP-Singer Holdings Inc. Home Furnishings First Lien Term Loan L+ 7/28/2028 (6)(15) Swordfish Merger Sub LLC Auto Parts Equipment Second Lien Term Loan L+ 2/2/2026 (6)(15) Tacala, LLC Restaurants Second Lien Term Loan L+ 2/4/2028 (6) Tahoe Bidco B.V. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 9/29/2028 (6)(11)(15) Tahoe Bidco B.V. Application Software First Lien Revolver L+ 10/1/2027 ) ) (6)(11)(15)(19) Tecta America Corp. Construction Engineering Second Lien Term Loan L+ 4/9/2029 (6)(15) 
 101 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Portfolio Company Industry Type of Investment (1)(2)(3)(4) Index Spread Cash Interest Rate (5)(6) PIK Maturity Date Shares Principal (7) Cost Fair Value Notes Telestream Holdings Corporation Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/15/2025 (6)(15) Telestream Holdings Corporation Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 10/15/2025 (6)(15)(19) TerSera Therapeutics LLC Pharmaceuticals Second Lien Term Loan L+ 3/30/2026 (6)(15) TerSera Therapeutics LLC Pharmaceuticals Common Stock (15) TGNR HoldCo LLC Integrated Oil Gas Subordinated Debt 5/14/2026 (10)(11)(15) Thrasio, LLC Internet Direct Marketing Retail First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/18/2026 (6)(15) Thrasio, LLC Internet Direct Marketing Retail Preferred Equity (15) Thrasio, LLC Internet Direct Marketing Retail Preferred Equity (15) Thrasio, LLC Internet Direct Marketing Retail Preferred Equity (15) Thrasio, LLC Internet Direct Marketing Retail Preferred Equity (15)(19) TIBCO Software Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/30/2029 (6) Touchstone Acquisition, Inc. Health Care Supplies First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/29/2028 (6)(15) Uniti Group LP Specialized REITs Fixed Rate Bond 2/15/2029 (11) Uniti Group LP Specialized REITs Fixed Rate Bond 4/15/2028 (11) Win Brands Group LLC Housewares Specialties First Lien Term Loan L+ 1/23/2026 (6)(15) Win Brands Group LLC Housewares Specialties Warrants (15) Windstream Services II, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 9/21/2027 (6) Windstream Services II, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services Common Stock (15) Windstream Services II, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services Warrants (15) WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan L+ 4/30/2025 (6) WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace Defense Second Lien Term Loan L+ 4/30/2026 (6)(15) WPEngine, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 3/27/2026 (6)(15) WWEX Uni Topco Holdings, LLC Air Freight Logistics Second Lien Term Loan L+ 7/26/2029 (6)(15) Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. Alternative Carriers Fixed Rate Bond 3/1/2027 Zep Inc. Specialty Chemicals Second Lien Term Loan L+ 8/11/2025 (6)(15) Zephyr Bidco Limited Specialized Finance Second Lien Term Loan SONIA+ 7/23/2026 (6)(11)(15) Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments of net assets) 
 Total Portfolio Investments of net assets) 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash JP Morgan Prime Money Market Fund, Institutional Shares Other cash accounts Total Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash of net assets) 
 Total Portfolio Investments and Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash of net assets) 

102 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Derivative Instrument Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Maturity Date Counterparty Cumulative Unrealized Appreciation /(Depreciation) Foreign currency forward contract 11/10/2022 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Foreign currency forward contract 11/10/2022 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 
 Derivative Instrument Company Receives Company Pays Counterparty Maturity Date Notional Amount Fair Value Interest rate swap Fixed 
 Floating 3-month LIBOR + 
 Royal Bank of Canada 
 1/15/2027 ) 
 
 103 

Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

(1) All debt investments are income producing unless otherwise noted. All equity investments are non-income producing unless otherwise noted. 
 (2) See Note 3 in the accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for portfolio composition by geographic region. 
 (3) Equity ownership may be held in shares or units of companies related to the portfolio companies. 
 (4) Each of the Company's investments is pledged as collateral under one or more of its credit facilities. A single investment may be divided into parts that are individually pledged as collateral to separate credit facilities. 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) This investment represents a participation interest in the underlying securities shown. 
 (11) of the Company's total assets and non-qualifying assets represented of the Company's total assets. 
 (12) 
 (13) per share for any ten trading days within any twenty trading day period, and the other half will vest, if at any time during such period, the common share price is at or above a VWAP of per share for any ten trading days within any twenty trading day period. 
 (14) 
 (15) 
 (16) 
 (17) 
 (18) 
 (19) 
 (20) 
 (21) 
 
 See notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 104 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Note 1. 
 105 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Note 2. 

106 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

107 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

108 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

and of total debt investments at cost and fair value, respectively. As of September 30, 2022, there were investments on non-accrual status. 
 In connection with its investment in a portfolio company, the Company sometimes receives nominal cost equity that is valued as part of the negotiation process with the portfolio company. When the Company receives nominal cost equity, the Company allocates its cost basis in the investment between debt securities and the nominal cost equity at the time of origination. Any resulting discount from recording the loan, or otherwise purchasing a security at a discount, is accreted into interest income over the life of the loan. 
 PIK Interest Income 
 The Company's investments in debt securities may contain PIK interest provisions. PIK interest, which generally represents contractually deferred interest added to the loan balance that is generally due at the end of the loan term, is generally recorded on the accrual basis to the extent such amounts are expected to be collected. The Company generally ceases accruing PIK interest if there is insufficient value to support the accrual or if the Company does not expect the portfolio company to be able to pay all principal and interest due. The Company's decision to cease accruing PIK interest on a loan or debt security involves subjective judgments and determinations based on available information about a particular portfolio company, including whether the portfolio company is current with respect to its payment of principal and interest on its loans and debt securities; financial statements and financial projections for the portfolio company; the Company's assessment of the portfolio company's business development success; information obtained by the Company in connection with periodic formal update interviews with the portfolio company's management and, if appropriate, the private equity sponsor; and information about the general economic and market conditions in which the portfolio company operates. The Company's determination to cease accruing PIK interest is generally made well before the Company's full write-down of a loan or debt security. In addition, if it is subsequently determined that the Company will not be able to collect any previously accrued PIK interest, the fair value of the loans or debt securities would be reduced by the amount of such previously accrued, but uncollectible, PIK interest. The accrual of PIK interest on the Company s debt investments increases the recorded cost bases of these investments in the Consolidated Financial Statements including for purposes of computing the capital gains incentive fee payable by the Company to Oaktree. To maintain its status as a RIC, certain income from PIK interest may be required to be distributed to the Company s stockholders, even though the Company has not yet collected the cash and may never do so. 
 109 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

As of September 30, 2023, included in restricted cash was million that was held at Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas in connection with the OSI2 Citibank Facility (defined in Note 6. Borrowings). Pursuant to the terms of the OSI2 Citibank Facility, the Company was restricted in terms of access to the million until the occurrence of the periodic distribution dates and, in connection therewith, the Company s submission of its required periodic reporting schedules and verifications of the Company s compliance with the terms of the OSI2 Citibank Facility. As of September 30, 2022, included in restricted cash was million that was held at Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. in connection with the Citibank Facility (as defined in Note 6. Borrowings). Pursuant to the terms of the Citibank Facility, the Company was restricted in terms of access to million as of September 30, 2022, until t he occurrence of the periodic distribution dates and, in connection therewith, the Company s submission of its required periodic reporting schedules and verifications of the Company s compliance with the terms of the Citibank Facility. 
 
 110 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

million of excise tax. The Company does not expect to incur a U.S. federal excise tax for calendar year 2023. 
 The Company holds certain portfolio investments through taxable subsidiaries. The purpose of the Company's taxable subsidiaries is to permit the Company to hold equity investments in portfolio companies which are "pass through" entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes in order to comply with the RIC tax requirements. The taxable subsidiaries are consolidated for financial reporting purposes, and portfolio investments held by them are included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements as portfolio investments and recorded at fair value. The taxable subsidiaries are not consolidated with the Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes and may generate income tax expense, or benefit, and the related tax assets and liabilities, as a result of their ownership of certain portfolio investments. This income tax expense, if any, would be reflected in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company uses the liability method to account for its taxable subsidiaries' income taxes. Using this method, the Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. In addition, the Company recognizes deferred tax benefits associated with net operating loss carry forwards that it may use to offset future tax obligations. The Company measures deferred tax assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which it expects to recover or settle those temporary differences. 
 FASB ASC Topic 740, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes ("ASC 740"), provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented and disclosed in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company's tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are "more-likely-than-not" of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. Management's determinations regarding ASC 740 may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based upon factors including an ongoing analysis of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. The Company recognizes the tax benefits of uncertain tax positions only where the position is "more-likely-than-not" to be sustained assuming examination by tax authorities. Management has analyzed the Company's tax positions and has concluded that no liability for unrecognized tax benefits should be recorded related to uncertain tax positions taken on returns filed for open tax years 2020, 2021 and 2022. The Company identifies its major tax jurisdictions as U.S. Federal and California, and the Company is not aware of any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will change materially in the next 12 months. 
 111 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Note 3. 
 of net assets at fair value, or billion, was invested in portfolio companies, including (i) million in subordinated notes and limited liability company ("LLC") equity interests of Senior Loan Fund JV I, LLC ("SLF JV I"), a joint venture through which the Company and Trinity Universal Insurance Company, a subsidiary of Kemper Corporation ("Kemper"), co-invest in senior secured loans of middle-market companies and other corporate debt securities and (ii) million in subordinated notes and LLC equity interests of OCSI Glick JV LLC ("Glick JV" and, together with SLF JV I, the "JVs"), a joint venture through which the Company and GF Equity Funding 2014 LLC ("GF Equity Funding") co-invest primarily in senior secured loans of middle-market companies. As of September 30, 2023, of net assets at fair value, or million, was invested in cash and cash equivalents (including million of restricted cash). In comparison, as of September 30, 2022, of net assets at fair value, or billion, was invested in portfolio investments, including (i) million in subordinated notes and LLC equity interests of SLF JV I and (ii) million in subordinated notes and LLC equity interests of Glick JV. As of September 30, 2022, of net assets at fair value, or million, was invested in cash and cash equivalents (including million of restricted cash). As of September 30, 2023, of the Company's portfolio at fair value consisted of senior secured debt investments and consisted of subordinated debt investments, including the debt investments in the JVs. As of September 30, 2022, of the Company's portfolio at fair value consisted of senior secured debt investments and consisted of subordinated debt investments, including the debt investments in the JVs. 
 The Company also held equity investments in certain of its portfolio companies consisting of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, limited partnership interests or LLC equity interests. These instruments generally do not produce a current return but are held for potential investment appreciation and capital gain. 
 During the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded net realized gains (losses) of ) million, million and million, respectively. During the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of ) million, ) million and million, respectively. 
 Investments in equity securities Debt investments in the JVs Equity investments in the JVs Total 
 112 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Fixed rate debt securities Total 
 
 Investments in debt securities (subordinated, including the debt investments in the JVs) Investments in equity securities (preferred) Investments in equity securities (common and warrants, including LLC equity interests of the JVs) Total investments at fair value Cash equivalents 
 Derivative assets Total assets at fair value 
 Derivative liability Total liabilities at fair value 
 __________ 
 (a) In accordance with ASC 820-10, certain investments that are measured using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient for fair value have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. These investments are generally not redeemable. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 113 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Investments in debt securities (subordinated, including the debt investments in the JVs) Investments in equity securities (preferred) Investments in equity securities (common and warrants, including LLC equity interests of the JVs) Total investments at fair value Cash equivalents 
 Derivative assets Total assets at fair value 
 Derivative liability Total liabilities at fair value 
 __________ 

When a determination is made to classify a financial instrument within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy, the determination is based upon the fact that the unobservable factors are significant to the overall fair value measurement. However, Level 3 financial instruments typically have both unobservable or Level 3 components and observable components (i.e. components that are actively quoted and can be validated by external sources). Accordingly, the appreciation (depreciation) in the tables below includes changes in fair value due in part to observable factors that are part of the valuation methodology. Transfers between levels are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period. 
 Purchases (a) Sales and repayments ) ) ) ) Transfers in (b)(c) Transfers out (c) ) ) Capitalized PIK interest income Accretion of OID Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) ) ) ) Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Fair value as of September 30, 2023 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) relating to Level 3 investments still held as of September 30, 2023 and reported within net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) 
 __________ 
 (a) Includes Level 3 investments acquired in connection with the OSI2 Merger during the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 114 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Purchases Sales and repayments ) ) ) ) ) Transfers in (a)(c) Transfers out (a)(b) ) ) ) Capitalized PIK interest income Accretion of OID Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) ) ) ) Net realized gains (losses) ) ) Fair value as of September 30, 2022 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) relating to Level 3 investments still held as of September 30, 2022 and reported within net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) 
 __________ 
 (a) There were transfers into/out of Level 3 from/to Level 2 for certain investments during the year ended September 30, 2022 as a result of a change in the number of market quotes available and/or a change in market liquidity. 
 (b) There was one transfer out of Level 3 in connection with a transaction in which Level 3 common equity was exchanged for Level 1 common equity. 
 (c) There was one transfer into Level 3 from Level 2 as a result of an investment restructuring in which Level 2 senior secured debt was exchanged for Level 3 senior secured debt. 
 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs for Level 3 Investments 
 Market Yield Market Yield (b) - Enterprise Value EBITDA Multiple (c) x - x x Transaction Precedent Transaction Price (d) N/A - N/A N/A Broker quotations Broker Quoted Price (e) N/A - N/A N/A Subordinated Debt 
 Market Yield Market Yield (b) - Broker Quotations Broker Quoted Price (e) N/A - N/A N/A Debt Investments in the JVs Enterprise Value N/A (f) N/A - N/A N/A Preferred Common Equity Enterprise Value Revenue Multiple (c) x - x x Enterprise Value EBITDA Multiple (c) x - x x Enterprise Value Asset Multiple (c) x - x x Transaction Precedent Transaction Price (d) N/A - N/A N/A Total 
 __________ 
 (a) Weighted averages are calculated based on fair value of investments. 
 (b) Used when market participants would take into account market yield when pricing the investment. 
 115 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Market Yield Market Yield (b) - Enterprise Value EBITDA Multiple (c) x - x x Broker Quotations Broker Quoted Price (e) N/A - N/A N/A Subordinated Debt 
 Market Yield Market Yield (b) - Debt Investments in the JVs Enterprise Value N/A (f) N/A - N/A N/A Preferred Common Equity Enterprise Value Revenue Multiple (c) x - x x Enterprise Value EBITDA Multiple (c) x - x x Enterprise Value Asset Multiple (c) x - x x Transaction Precedent Transaction Price (d) N/A - N/A N/A Total __________ 
 (a) Weighted averages are calculated based on fair value of investments. 
 (b) Used when market participants would take into account market yield when pricing the investment. 
 (c) Used when market participants would use such multiples when pricing the investment. 
 (d) Used when there is an observable transaction or pending event for the investment. 
 (e) Oaktree generally uses prices provided by an independent pricing service which are non-binding indicative prices on or near the valuation date as the primary basis for the fair value determinations for quoted senior secured debt investments. Since these prices are non-binding, they may not be indicative of fair value. Oaktree evaluates the quotations provided by pricing vendors and brokers based on available market information, including trading activity of the subject or similar securities, or by performing a comparable security analysis to ensure that fair values are reasonably estimated. 
 (f) Oaktree determined the value of its subordinated notes of each JV based on the total assets less the total liabilities senior to the subordinated notes held at such JV in an amount not exceeding par under the EV technique. 
 Under the market yield technique, the significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company's investments in debt securities is the market yield. Increases or decreases in the market yield may result in a lower or higher fair value measurement, respectively. 
 Under the EV technique, the significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company's investments in debt or equity securities is the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"), revenue or asset multiple, as applicable. Increases or decreases in the valuation multiples in isolation may result in a higher or lower fair value measurement, respectively. 
 
 Financial Instruments Disclosed, But Not Carried, At Fair Value 
 OSI2 Citibank Facility payable 2025 Notes payable (carrying value is net of unamortized financing costs and unaccreted discount) 2027 Notes payable (carrying value is net of unamortized financing costs, unaccreted discount and interest rate swap fair value adjustment) 2029 Notes payable (carrying value is net of unamortized financing costs, unaccreted discount and interest rate swap fair value adjustment) Total 
 116 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Citibank Facility payable 
 2025 Notes payable (carrying value is net of unamortized financing costs and unaccreted discount) 2027 Notes payable (carrying value is net of unamortized financing costs, unaccreted discount and interest rate swap fair value adjustment) Total 
 
 The principal values of the credit facilities payable approximate fair value due to their variable interest rates and are included in Level 3 of the hierarchy. Oaktree used market quotes as of the valuation date to estimate the fair value of the Company's notes due 2025 (the "2025 Notes"), notes due 2027 (the "2027 Notes") and notes due 2029 (the "2029 Notes"), which are included in Level 2 of the hierarchy. 
 
 Portfolio Composition 
 Debt investments in the JVs Preferred equity Common equity and warrants Subordinated debt LLC equity interests of the JVs Total 
 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Fair Value: of Total Investments of Net Assets of Total Investments of Net Assets Senior secured debt Debt investments in the JVs Preferred equity Common equity and warrants Subordinated debt LLC equity interests of the JVs Total 
 
 117 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

International West Southeast Midwest South Southwest Northwest Total 
 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Fair Value: of Total Investments of Net Assets of Total Investments of Net Assets Northeast International West Southeast Midwest South Southwest Northwest Total 
 118 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Multi-Sector Holdings (1) Data Processing Outsourced Services Biotechnology Health Care Technology Industrial Machinery Supplies Components Pharmaceuticals Real Estate Operating Companies Broadline Retail Health Care Services Specialized Finance Personal Care Products Fertilizers Agricultural Chemicals Environmental Facilities Services Health Care Distributors Diversified Financial Services Internet Services Infrastructure Automotive Retail Airport Services Metal, Glass Plastic Containers Home Improvement Retail Insurance Brokers Aerospace Defense Diversified Metals Mining Auto Parts Equipment Real Estate Services Soft Drinks Non-alcoholic Beverages Other Specialty Retail Leisure Facilities Specialty Chemicals Distributors Electrical Components Equipment Advertising Passenger Airlines Real Estate Development Home Furnishings Diversified Support Services Gold Systems Software Health Care Equipment Construction Engineering Oil Gas Storage Transportation Interactive Media Services Integrated Telecommunication Services Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines Consumer Finance Education Services Restaurants Movies Entertainment Health Care Supplies Food Distributors Apparel Retail Air Freight Logistics Integrated Oil Gas Research Consulting Services Cable Satellite Other Specialized REITs Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials Housewares Specialties Leisure Products Technology Distributors Soft Drinks IT Consulting Other Services Oil Gas Refining Marketing Trading Companies Distributors Apparel, Accessories Luxury Goods Specialized REITs Diversified Banks Construction Materials Electronic Components Alternative Carriers 
 119 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Multi-Sector Holdings (1) Biotechnology Data Processing Outsourced Services Industrial Machinery Supplies Components Health Care Technology Real Estate Operating Companies Pharmaceuticals Specialized Finance Broadline Retail Health Care Services Fertilizers Agricultural Chemicals Environmental Facilities Services Health Care Distributors Internet Services Infrastructure Diversified Financial Services Personal Care Products Automotive Retail Airport Services Metal, Glass Plastic Containers Home Improvement Retail Insurance Brokers Aerospace Defense Diversified Metals Mining Auto Parts Equipment Real Estate Services Soft Drinks Non-alcoholic Beverages Other Specialty Retail Specialty Chemicals Distributors Leisure Facilities Electrical Components Equipment Passenger Airlines Real Estate Development Diversified Support Services Gold Health Care Equipment Systems Software Construction Engineering Home Furnishings Interactive Media Services Hotels, Resorts Cruise Lines Integrated Telecommunication Services Oil Gas Storage Transportation Consumer Finance Education Services Restaurants Advertising Movies Entertainment Health Care Supplies Food Distributors Apparel Retail Research Consulting Services Integrated Oil Gas Cable Satellite Air Freight Logistics Other Specialized REITs Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials Housewares Specialties Leisure Products Technology Distributors Soft Drinks Oil Gas Refining Marketing IT Consulting Other Services Trading Companies Distributors Diversified Banks Specialized REITs Construction Materials Electronic Components Alternative Carriers Total 
 ___________________ 
 (1) This industry includes the Company's investments in the JVs. 
 120 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

person Board of Directors, of whom are selected by the Company and of whom are selected by Kemper. All portfolio decisions and investment decisions in respect of SLF JV I must be approved by the SLF JV I investment committee, which consists of representative selected by the Company and representative selected by Kemper (with approval from a representative of each required). Since the Company does not have a controlling financial interest in SLF JV I, the Company does not consolidate SLF JV I. 
 SLF JV I is capitalized pro rata with LLC equity interests as transactions are completed and may be capitalized with additional subordinated notes issued to the Company and Kemper by SLF JV I. The subordinated notes issued by SLF JV I (the "SLF JV I Notes") are senior in right of payment to SLF JV I LLC equity interests and subordinated in right of payment to SLF JV I s secured debt. As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, the Company and Kemper owned, in the aggregate, and , respectively, of the LLC equity interests of SLF JV I and the outstanding SLF JV I Notes. SLF JV I is not an "eligible portfolio company" as defined in section 2(a)(46) of the Investment Company Act. 
 SLF JV I has a revolving credit facility with Bank of America, N.A. (the "SLF JV I Facility"), which permitted up to million of borrowings (subject to borrowing base and other limitations) as of September 30, 2023. Borrowings under the SLF JV I Facility are secured by all of the assets of SLF JV I Funding II LLC, a special purpose financing subsidiary of SLF JV I. As of September 30, 2023, the revolving period of the SLF JV I Facility was scheduled to expire August 12, 2026 and the maturity date was August 17, 2026. As of September 30, 2023, borrowings under the SLF JV I Facility accrued interest at a rate equal to daily SOFR plus per annum. million of borrowings were outstanding under the SLF JV I Facility as of September 30, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, SLF JV I had total assets of million and million, respectively. SLF JV I's portfolio primarily consisted of senior secured loans to and portfolio companies as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively. The portfolio companies in SLF JV I are in industries similar to those in which the Company may invest directly. As of September 30, 2023, the Company's investment in SLF JV I consisted of LLC equity interests and SLF JV I Notes of million in aggregate, at fair value. As of September 30, 2022, the Company's investment in SLF JV I consisted of LLC equity interests and SLF JV I Notes of million in aggregate, at fair value. 
 As of September 30, 2023, the Company and Kemper had funded approximately million to SLF JV I, of which million was from the Company. As of September 30, 2022, the Company and Kemper had funded approximately million to SLF JV I, of which million was from the Company. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had aggregate commitments to fund SLF JV I of million, of which approximately million was to fund additional SLF JV I Notes and approximately million was to fund LLC equity interests in SLF JV I. During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company contributed million to fund additional SLF JV I Notes and approximately million to fund additional LLC equity interests in SLF JV I. As of September 30, 2022, the Company had aggregate commitments to fund SLF JV I of million, of which approximately million was to fund additional SLF JV I Notes and approximately million was to fund LLC equity interests in SLF JV I. 
 121 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Weighted average interest rate on senior secured loans (2) Number of borrowers in SLF JV I Largest exposure to a single borrower (1) Total of five largest loan exposures to borrowers (1) 
 __________ 
 (1) At principal amount. 
 (2) Computed using the weighted average annual interest rate on accruing senior secured loans at fair value. 
 
 122 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

8/18/2028 ADB Companies, LLC Construction Engineering First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/18/2025 (4) ADB Companies, LLC Construction Engineering First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/18/2025 (4) Altice France S.A. Integrated Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/14/2026 Alvogen Pharma US, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/30/2025 (4) American Rock Salt Company LLC Diversified Metals Mining First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/9/2028 American Tire Distributors, Inc. Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/20/2028 (4) Amplify Finco Pty Ltd. Movies Entertainment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/26/2026 Anastasia Parent, LLC Personal Care Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/11/2025 (4) ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 12/29/2027 ) ) (4)(5) ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/29/2027 (4) Astra Acquisition Corp. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/25/2028 (4) Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/19/2028 Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/19/2028 Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/20/2029 athenahealth Group Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/15/2029 Aurora Lux Finco S. .R.L. Airport Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/24/2026 (4) BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/11/2027 (4) BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/11/2027 (4) C5 Technology Holdings, LLC Data Processing Outsourced Services Common Stock (4) C5 Technology Holdings, LLC Data Processing Outsourced Services Preferred Equity (4) Centerline Communications, LLC Wireless Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/10/2027 Centerline Communications, LLC Wireless Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/10/2027 Centerline Communications, LLC Wireless Telecommunication Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 8/10/2027 Centerline Communications, LLC Wireless Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/10/2027 Covetrus, Inc. Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/13/2029 (4) Curium Bidco S. .r.l. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/31/2029 DirecTV Financing, LLC Cable Satellite First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/2/2027 (4) DTI Holdco, Inc. Research Consulting Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/26/2029 (4) Gibson Brands, Inc. Leisure Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/11/2028 (4) Harbor Purchaser Inc. Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/9/2029 (4) Indivior Finance S. .R.L. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/30/2026 INW Manufacturing, LLC Personal Care Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/25/2027 (4) KDC/ONE Development Corp Inc Personal Care Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/15/2028 
 123 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

10/29/2028 LaserAway Intermediate Holdings II, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/14/2027 Lightbox Intermediate, L.P. Real Estate Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/9/2026 (4) McAfee Corp. Systems Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/1/2029 Mindbody, Inc. Internet Services Infrastructure First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/14/2025 ) ) (4)(5) Mindbody, Inc. Internet Services Infrastructure First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/14/2025 (4) Mitchell International, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/15/2028 MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/10/2026 ) ) (4)(5) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/10/2026 (4) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/10/2026 (4) Northern Star Industries Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/31/2025 OEConnection LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/25/2026 Park Place Technologies, LLC Internet Services Infrastructure First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/10/2027 (4) Planview Parent, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/17/2027 Planview Parent, Inc. Application Software Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/18/2028 (4) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 4/6/2027 (4)(5) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/6/2027 (4) Renaissance Holding Corp. Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/5/2030 SHO Holding I Corporation Footwear First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/27/2024 SHO Holding I Corporation Footwear First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/27/2024 SM Wellness Holdings, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/17/2028 (4) Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC Health Care Facilities First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/5/2027 Spanx, LLC Apparel Retail First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/20/2028 (4) SPX Flow, Inc. Industrial Machinery Supplies Components First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/5/2029 Star Parent, Inc. Life Sciences Tools Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/19/2030 TIBCO Software Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/30/2029 Touchstone Acquisition, Inc. Health Care Supplies First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/29/2028 (4) Veritas US Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/1/2025 Windstream Services II, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/21/2027 (4) WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/30/2025 (4) Total Portfolio Investments 
 _________ 
 (1) Represents the interest rate as of September 30, 2023. All interest rates are payable in cash, unless otherwise noted. 
 (2) The interest rate on the principal balance outstanding for most of the floating rate loans is indexed to SOFR and/or LIBOR, which typically resets semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower's option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. For each of these loans, the Company has provided the applicable margin over the reference rates based on each respective credit agreement and the cash interest rate as of period end. All the SOFR shown above is in U.S. dollars. As of September 30, 2023, the reference rates for SLF JV I's variable rate loans were the 30-day SOFR at 5.32 , the 90-day SOFR at 5.39 and the 30-day LIBOR at 5.43 . Most loans include an interest floor, which generally ranges from 0 to 1 . SOFR based contracts may include a credit spread adjustment that is charged in addition to the base rate and the stated spread. 
 (3) Represents the current determination of fair value as of September 30, 2023 utilizing a similar technique as the Company in accordance with ASC 820. However, the determination of such fair value is not included in the valuation process described elsewhere herein. 
 (4) This investment was held by both the Company and SLF JV I as of September 30, 2023. 
 124 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

125 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

2/27/2025 ADB Companies, LLC Construction Engineering First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/18/2025 (4) Altice France S.A. Integrated Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/14/2026 Alvogen Pharma US, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/30/2025 (4) American Tire Distributors, Inc. Distributors First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/20/2028 (4) Amplify Finco Pty Ltd. Movies Entertainment First Lien Term Loan L+ 11/26/2026 (4) Anastasia Parent, LLC Personal Products First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/11/2025 (4) Apptio, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 1/10/2025 (4) Apptio, Inc. Application Software First Lien Revolver L+ 1/10/2025 (4)(5) ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC Paper Packaging First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/29/2027 ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC Paper Packaging First Lien Revolver L+ 12/29/2027 ) ) (5) Astra Acquisition Corp. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/25/2028 (4) Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/19/2028 Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance Second Lien Term Loan L+ 1/20/2029 Aurora Lux Finco S. .R.L. Airport Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/24/2026 (4) BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 6/11/2027 BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 6/11/2027 (4)(5) Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc. Data Processing Outsourced Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 6/15/2025 BYJU's Alpha, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 11/24/2026 C5 Technology Holdings, LLC Data Processing Outsourced Services Common Stock (4) C5 Technology Holdings, LLC Data Processing Outsourced Services Preferred Equity (4) Centerline Communications, LLC Wireless Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/10/2027 Centerline Communications, LLC Wireless Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/10/2027 Centerline Communications, LLC Wireless Telecommunication Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 8/10/2027 ) ) (5) CITGO Petroleum Corp. Oil Gas Refining Marketing First Lien Term Loan L+ 3/28/2024 (4) City Football Group Limited Movies Entertainment First Lien Term Loan L+ 7/21/2028 Convergeone Holdings, Inc. IT Consulting Other Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 1/4/2026 (4) Covetrus, Inc. Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/20/2029 (4) Curium Bidco S. .r.l. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan L+ 7/9/2026 Dealer Tire, LLC Distributors First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/12/2025 Delivery Hero FinCo LLC Internet Direct Marketing Retail First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/12/2027 (4) DirecTV Financing, LLC Cable Satellite First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/2/2027 (4) Domtar Corporation Paper Products First Lien Term Loan L+ 11/30/2028 DTI Holdco, Inc. Research Consulting Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/26/2029 (4) Eagle Parent Corp. Industrial Machinery First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/2/2029 eResearch Technology, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/4/2027 
 126 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

8/11/2028 Global Medical Response, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 3/14/2025 (4) Global Medical Response, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/2/2025 Harbor Purchaser Inc. Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/9/2029 (4) Indivior Finance S. .R.L. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan L+ 6/30/2026 INW Manufacturing, LLC Personal Products First Lien Term Loan L+ 3/25/2027 (4) Iris Holding, Inc. Metal Glass Containers First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/28/2028 LaserAway Intermediate Holdings II, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/14/2027 Lightbox Intermediate, L.P. Real Estate Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 5/9/2026 (4) LogMeIn, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/31/2027 LTI Holdings, Inc. Electronic Components First Lien Term Loan L+ 9/6/2025 Mindbody, Inc. Internet Services Infrastructure First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/14/2025 (4) Mindbody, Inc. Internet Services Infrastructure First Lien Revolver L+ 2/14/2025 ) ) (4)(5) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/10/2026 (4) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver L+ 2/10/2026 ) ) (4)(5) Northern Star Industries Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Term Loan L+ 3/31/2025 OEConnection LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 9/25/2026 (4) Park Place Technologies, LLC Internet Services Infrastructure First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/10/2027 (4) Peloton Interactive, Inc. Leisure Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 5/25/2027 Planview Parent, Inc. Application Software Second Lien Term Loan L+ 12/18/2028 (4) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 4/6/2027 (4) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver L+ 4/6/2027 ) ) (4)(5) RevSpring, Inc. Commercial Printing First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/11/2025 Sabert Corporation Metal Glass Containers First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/10/2026 (4) SHO Holding I Corporation Footwear First Lien Term Loan L+ 4/27/2024 SHO Holding I Corporation Footwear First Lien Term Loan L+ 4/27/2024 Sorenson Communications, LLC Communications Equipment First Lien Term Loan L+ 3/17/2026 Spanx, LLC Apparel Retail First Lien Term Loan L+ 11/20/2028 (4) SPX Flow, Inc. Industrial Machinery First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/5/2029 (4) Supermoose Borrower, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/29/2025 (4) Surgery Center Holdings, Inc. Health Care Facilities First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/31/2026 TIBCO Software Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/30/2029 (4) Touchstone Acquisition, Inc. Health Care Supplies First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/29/2028 (4) Veritas US Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 9/1/2025 Windstream Services II, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 9/21/2027 (4) WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace Defense Second Lien Term Loan L+ 4/30/2026 (4) WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan L+ 4/30/2025 (4) Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. Alternative Carriers First Lien Term Loan L+ 3/9/2027 Total Portfolio Investments 
 127 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

128 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

million as of September 30, 2023. Both the cost and fair value of the Company's SLF JV I Notes were million as of September 30, 2022. The Company earned interest income of million, million and million on the SLF JV I Notes for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, the SLF JV I Notes bore interest at a rate of one-month SOFR plus per annum with a SOFR floor of and will mature on December 29, 2028. 
 The cost and fair value of the LLC equity interests in SLF JV I held by the Company were million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2023, and million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2022. The Company earned million, million and million in dividend income for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with respect to its investment in the LLC equity interests of SLF JV I. The LLC equity interests of SLF JV I are generally dividend producing to the extent SLF JV I has residual cash to be distributed on a quarterly basis. 
 ; cost September 30, 2022: 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Other assets Total assets Senior credit facility payable Secured borrowings SLF JV I Notes payable at fair value (proceeds September 30, 2023: ; proceeds September 30, 2022: 
 Other liabilities Total liabilities Members' equity Total liabilities and members' equity 
 Year ended September 30, 2023 Year ended September 30, 2022 Year ended September 30, 2021 Selected Statements of Operations Information: Interest income Other income Total investment income Senior credit facility and secured borrowing interest expense SLF JV I Notes interest expense Other expenses Total expenses (1) Net investment income Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) Net realized gains (losses) ) Net income (loss) ) 
 __________ 
 (1) There are no management fees or incentive fees charged at SLF JV I. 
 
 SLF JV I has elected to fair value the SLF JV I Notes issued to the Company and Kemper under FASB ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments - Fair Value Option ("ASC 825") . The SLF JV I Notes are valued based on the total assets less the total liabilities senior to the SLF JV I Notes in an amount not exceeding par under the EV technique. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold million of senior secured debt investments to SLF JV I for million cash consideration, which represented the fair value at the time of sale. A loss of million was recognized by the Company on these transactions. During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company sold million of senior secured debt investments to SLF JV I for million cash consideration, which represented the fair value at the time of sale. A gain of million was recognized by the Company on these transactions. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company sold million of senior secured debt investments to SLF JV I for million cash consideration, 
 129 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

million was recognized by the Company on these transactions. 
 
 OCSI Glick JV LLC 
 On March 19, 2021, the Company became party to the LLC agreement of Glick JV. The Company co-invests primarily in senior secured loans of middle-market companies with GF Equity Funding through the Glick JV. The Glick JV is managed by a person Board of Directors, of whom are selected by the Company and of whom are selected by GF Equity Funding. The Glick JV is capitalized as transactions are completed, and portfolio decisions and investment decisions in respect of the Glick JV must be approved by the Glick JV investment committee, which consists of representative selected by the Company and representative selected by GF Equity Funding (with approval from a representative of each required). Since the Company does not have a controlling financial interest in the Glick JV, the Company does not consolidate the Glick JV. 
 The members provide capital to the Glick JV in exchange for LLC equity interests, and the Company and GF Debt Funding 2014 LLC ("GF Debt Funding"), an entity advised by affiliates of GF Equity Funding, provide capital to the Glick JV in exchange for subordinated notes issued by the Glick JV (the "Glick JV Notes"). As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, the Company and GF Equity Funding owned and , respectively, of the outstanding LLC equity interests, and the Company and GF Debt Funding owned and , respectively, of the Glick JV Notes. The Glick JV is not an "eligible portfolio company" as defined in section 2(a)(46) of the Investment Company Act. 
 The Glick JV has a revolving credit facility with Bank of America, N.A. (the "Glick JV Facility"), which, as of September 30, 2023, had a revolving period end date and maturity date of August 12, 2026 and August 17, 2026, respectively, and permitted borrowings of up to million (subject to borrowing base and other limitations). Borrowings under the Glick JV Facility are secured by all of the assets of OCSL Glick JV Funding II LLC, a special purpose financing subsidiary of the Glick JV. As of September 30, 2023, borrowings under the Glick JV Facility bore interest at a rate equal to daily SOFR plus per annum. million of borrowings were outstanding under the Glick JV Deutsche Bank Facility as of September 30, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, the Glick JV had total assets of million and million, respectively. The Glick JV's portfolio consisted of middle-market and other corporate debt securities of and portfolio companies as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively. The portfolio companies in the Glick JV are in industries similar to those in which the Company may invest directly. The Company's investment in the Glick JV consisted of LLC equity interests and Glick JV Notes of million and million in the aggregate at fair value as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively. The Glick JV Notes are junior in right of payment to the repayment of temporary contributions made by the Company to fund investments of the Glick JV that are repaid when GF Equity Funding and GF Debt Funding make their capital contributions and fund their Glick JV Notes, respectively. 
 As of each of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, the Glick JV had total capital commitments of million, million of which was from the Company and the remaining million of which was from GF Equity Funding and GF Debt Funding. Approximately million in aggregate commitments were funded as of each of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, of which million was from the Company. As of each of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, the Company had commitments to fund Glick JV Notes of million, of which million were unfunded. As of each of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, the Company had commitments to fund LLC equity interests in the Glick JV of million, of which million were unfunded. 
 
 130 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Weighted average current interest rate on senior secured loans (2) Number of borrowers in the Glick JV Largest loan exposure to a single borrower (1) Total of five largest loan exposures to borrowers (1) 
 __________ 
 (1) At principal amount. 
 (2) Computed using the weighted average annual interest rate on accruing senior secured loans at fair value. 
 
 8/18/2028 ADB Companies, LLC Construction Engineering First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/18/2025 (4) ADB Companies, LLC Construction Engineering First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/18/2025 (4) Alvogen Pharma US, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/30/2025 (4) American Rock Salt Company LLC Diversified Metals Mining First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/9/2028 American Tire Distributors, Inc. Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/20/2028 (4) Amplify Finco Pty Ltd. Movies Entertainment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/26/2026 Amynta Agency Borrower Inc. Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/28/2028 Anastasia Parent, LLC Personal Care Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/11/2025 (4) ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/29/2027 (4) ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC Paper Plastic Packaging Products Materials First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 12/29/2027 ) ) (4)(5) Astra Acquisition Corp. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/25/2028 (4) Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/19/2028 Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/19/2028 Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 1/20/2029 athenahealth Group Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/15/2029 Aurora Lux Finco S. .R.L. Airport Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/24/2026 (4) BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/11/2027 (4) BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/11/2027 (4) Covetrus, Inc. Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/13/2029 (4) Curium Bidco S. .r.l. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 7/31/2029 DirecTV Financing, LLC Cable Satellite First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/2/2027 (4) 
 131 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

4/26/2029 (4) Gibson Brands, Inc. Leisure Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/11/2028 (4) Harbor Purchaser Inc. Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/9/2029 (4) Indivior Finance S. .R.L. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/30/2026 INW Manufacturing, LLC Personal Care Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/25/2027 (4) KDC/ONE Development Corp Inc Personal Care Products First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/15/2028 LaserAway Intermediate Holdings II, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/14/2027 MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 2/10/2026 (4) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 2/10/2026 ) ) (4)(5) Northern Star Industries Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/31/2025 OEConnection LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/25/2026 Planview Parent, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/17/2027 Planview Parent, Inc. Application Software Second Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/18/2028 (4) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/6/2027 (4) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 4/6/2027 (4)(5) SHO Holding I Corporation Footwear First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/27/2024 SHO Holding I Corporation Footwear First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/27/2024 Southern Veterinary Partners, LLC Health Care Facilities First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 10/5/2027 Spanx, LLC Apparel Retail First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 11/20/2028 (4) SPX Flow, Inc. Industrial Machinery Supplies Components First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/5/2029 Star Parent, Inc. Life Sciences Tools Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/27/2030 TIBCO Software Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/30/2029 Touchstone Acquisition, Inc. Health Care Supplies First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 12/29/2028 (4) Windstream Services II, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/21/2027 (4) WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/30/2025 (4) Total Portfolio Investments 
 
 __________ 
 (1) Represents the interest rate as of September 30, 2023. All interest rates are payable in cash, unless otherwise noted. 
 (2) The interest rate on the principal balance outstanding for all of the floating rate loans is indexed to SOFR, which typically resets semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower's option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. For each of these loans, the Company has provided the applicable margin over the reference rates based on each respective credit agreement and the cash interest rate as of period end. As of September 30, 2023, the reference rates for the Glick JV's variable rate loans were the 30-day SOFR at 5.32 and the 90-day SOFR at 5.39 . Most loans include an interest floor, which generally ranges from 0 to 1 . SOFR based contracts may include a credit spread adjustment that is charged in addition to the base rate and the stated spread. 
 (3) Represents the current determination of fair value as of September 30, 2023 utilizing a similar technique as the Company in accordance with ASC 820. However, the determination of such fair value is not included in the valuation process described elsewhere herein. 
 (4) This investment was held by both the Company and the Glick JV as of September 30, 2023. 
 (5) Investment had undrawn commitments. Unamortized fees are classified as unearned income which reduces cost basis, which may result in a negative cost basis. A negative fair value may result from the unfunded commitment being valued below par. 
 
 132 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

12/18/2025 (4) Alvogen Pharma Inc Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/30/2025 (4) American Tire Distributors, Inc. Distributors First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/20/2028 (4) Amplify Finco Pty Ltd. Movies Entertainment First Lien Term Loan L+ 11/26/2026 (4) Anastasia Parent, LLC Personal Products First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/11/2025 (4) ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC Paper Packaging First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/29/2027 ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC Paper Packaging First Lien Revolver L+ 12/29/2027 ) ) (5) Astra Acquisition Corp. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/25/2028 (4) Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/19/2028 Asurion, LLC Property Casualty Insurance Second Lien Term Loan L+ 1/20/2029 Aurora Lux Finco S. .R.L. Airport Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/24/2026 (4) BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 6/11/2027 BAART Programs, Inc. Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 6/11/2027 (4)(5) BYJU's Alpha, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 11/24/2026 CITGO Petroleum Corp. Oil Gas Refining Marketing First Lien Term Loan L+ 3/28/2024 (4) City Football Group Limited Movies Entertainment First Lien Term Loan L+ 7/21/2028 Covetrus, Inc. Health Care Distributors First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 9/20/2029 (4) Curium Bidco S. .r.l. Biotechnology First Lien Term Loan L+ 7/9/2026 DirecTV Financing, LLC Cable Satellite First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/2/2027 (4) Domtar Corporation Paper Products First Lien Term Loan L+ 11/30/2028 DTI Holdco, Inc. Research Consulting Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/26/2029 (4) Eagle Parent Corp. Industrial Machinery First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/2/2029 eResearch Technology, Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/4/2027 Gibson Brands, Inc. Leisure Products First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/11/2028 Harbor Purchaser Inc. Education Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/9/2029 (4) Indivior Finance S. .R.L. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan L+ 6/30/2026 INW Manufacturing, LLC Personal Products First Lien Term Loan L+ 3/25/2027 (4) Iris Holding, Inc. Metal Glass Containers First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 6/28/2028 LaserAway Intermediate Holdings II, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 10/14/2027 LTI Holdings, Inc. Electronic Components First Lien Term Loan L+ 9/6/2025 
 133 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

2/10/2026 (4) MRI Software LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver L+ 2/10/2026 ) ) (4)(5) Northern Star Industries Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Term Loan L+ 3/31/2025 OEConnection LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 9/25/2026 (4) Planview Parent, Inc. Application Software Second Lien Term Loan L+ 12/18/2028 (4) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 4/6/2027 (4) Pluralsight, LLC Application Software First Lien Revolver L+ 4/6/2027 ) ) (4)(5) Sabert Corporation Metal Glass Containers First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/10/2026 (4) SHO Holding I Corporation Footwear First Lien Term Loan L+ 4/27/2024 SHO Holding I Corporation Footwear First Lien Term Loan L+ 4/27/2024 Spanx, LLC Apparel Retail First Lien Term Loan L+ 11/20/2028 (4) SPX Flow, Inc. Industrial Machinery First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 4/5/2029 (4) Supermoose Borrower, LLC Application Software First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/29/2025 (4) Surgery Center Holdings, Inc. Health Care Facilities First Lien Term Loan L+ 8/31/2026 TIBCO Software Inc. Application Software First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 3/30/2029 (4) Touchstone Acquisition, Inc. Health Care Supplies First Lien Term Loan L+ 12/29/2028 (4) Tribe Buyer LLC Human Resource Employment Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/16/2024 Windstream Services II, LLC Integrated Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 9/21/2027 (4) WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan L+ 4/30/2025 (4) WP CPP Holdings, LLC Aerospace Defense Second Lien Term Loan L+ 4/30/2026 (4) Total Portfolio Investments 
 
 __________ 
 (1) Represents the interest rate as of September 30, 2022. All interest rates are payable in cash, unless otherwise noted. 
 (2) The interest rate on the principal balance outstanding for most of the floating rate loans is indexed to LIBOR and/or an alternate base rate (e.g., prime rate), which typically resets semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower's option. Certain loans may also be indexed to SOFR. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. For each of these loans, the Company has provided the applicable margin over the reference rates based on each respective credit agreement and the cash interest rate as of period end. All LIBOR shown above is in U.S. dollars. As of September 30, 2022, the reference rates for the Glick JV's variable rate loans were the 30-day LIBOR at 3.12 , the 90-day LIBOR at 3.67 , the 30-day SOFR at 3.03 and the 90-day SOFR at 3.55 . Most loans include an interest floor, which generally ranges from 0 to 1 . SOFR based contracts may include a credit spread adjustment that is charged in addition to the base rate and the stated spread. 
 (3) Represents the current determination of fair value as of September 30, 2022 utilizing a similar technique as the Company in accordance with ASC 820. However, the determination of such fair value is not included in the valuation process described elsewhere herein. 
 (4) This investment was held by both the Company and the Glick JV as of September 30, 2022. 
 (5) Investment had undrawn commitments. Unamortized fees are classified as unearned income which reduces cost basis, which may result in a negative cost basis. A negative fair value may result from the unfunded commitment being valued below par. 
 
 The cost and fair value of the Company's aggregate investment in the Glick JV was million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2023. The cost and fair value of the Company's aggregate investment in the Glick JV was million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2022. For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 to September 30, 2021, the Company's investment in the Glick JV Notes earned interest income of million, million and million, respectively. The Company did not earn dividend income for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 to September 30, 2021 with respect to its 
 134 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

per annum and will mature on October 20, 2028. 
 ; September 30, 2022: 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Other assets Total assets Senior credit facility payable Glick JV Notes payable at fair value (proceeds September 30, 2023: ; September 30, 2022: 
 Secured borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Members' equity Total liabilities and members' equity 
 For the year ended September 30, 2023 For the year ended September 30, 2022 For the period from March 19, 2021 to September 30, 2021 Selected Statements of Operations Information: Interest income Fee income Total investment income Senior credit facility and secured borrowing interest expense Glick JV Notes interest expense Other expenses Total expenses (1) Net investment income Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) Realized gain (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) 
 __________ 
 (1) There are no management fees or incentive fees charged at the Glick JV. 
 The Glick JV has elected to fair value the Glick JV Notes issued to the Company and GF Debt Funding under ASC 825. The Glick JV Notes are valued based on the total assets less the liabilities senior to the Glick JV Notes in an amount not exceeding par under the EV technique. 
 
 million of senior secured debt investments to Glick JV for million cash consideration, which represented the fair value at the time of sale. During the year ended September 30, 2022 and the period from March 19, 2021 to September 30, 2021, the Company did not sell any debt investments to the Glick JV. 
 135 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Note 4. 
 million, million and million, respectively, of which million, million and million respectively, was recurring in nature. Recurring fee income primarily consisted of servicing fees and certain exit fees. 

Note 5. 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted Earnings (loss) per common share basic and diluted 
 
 136 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

) Net investment income Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) Net realized gains (losses) (Provision) benefit for taxes on realized and unrealized gains (losses) ) ) Distributions to stockholders ) ) Reclassification of additional paid-in capital ) Issuance of common stock in connection with the OCSI Merger Issuance of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan Repurchases of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2021 ) Net investment income Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) Net realized gains (losses) (Provision) benefit for taxes on realized and unrealized gains (losses) ) ) Distributions to stockholders ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with the "at the market" offering Issuance of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan Repurchase of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2022 ) Net investment income Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) ) ) Net realized gains (losses) ) ) (Provision) benefit for taxes on realized and unrealized gains (losses) ) ) Distributions to stockholders ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with the OSI2 Merger Issuance of common stock in connection with the "at the market" offering Issuance of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan Repurchase of common stock under dividend reinvestment plan ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) 

Distributions 
 Distributions to common stockholders are recorded on the ex-dividend date. The amount to be paid out as a dividend is determined by the Board of Directors and is based on management s estimate of the Company s annual taxable income. Net realized capital gains, if any, may be distributed to stockholders or retained for reinvestment. 
 The Company has adopted a dividend reinvestment plan DRIP that provides for reinvestment of any distributions the Company declares in cash on behalf of its stockholders, unless a stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, if the Company s Board of Directors declares a cash distribution, then the Company s stockholders who have not opted out of the Company s DRIP will have their cash distribution automatically reinvested in additional shares of the Company s common stock, rather than receiving the cash distribution. If the Company s shares are trading at a premium to net asset value, the Company typically issues new shares to implement the DRIP with such shares issued at the greater of the most recently computed net asset value per share of common stock or 95 of the current market price per share of common stock on the payment date for such distribution. If the Company s shares are trading at a discount to net asset value, the Company typically purchases shares in the open market in connection with the Company s obligations under the DRIP. 
 
 For income tax purposes, the Company has reported its distributions for the 2022 calendar year as ordinary income. The character of such distributions was appropriately reported to the Internal Revenue Service and stockholders for the 2022 calendar year. To the extent the Company s taxable earnings for a fiscal and taxable year fall below the amount of distributions 
 137 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

million (1) million Special November 10, 2022 December 15, 2022 December 30, 2022 million (1) million Quarterly January 27, 2023 March 15, 2023 March 31, 2023 million (2) million Quarterly April 28, 2023 June 15, 2023 June 30, 2023 million (2) million Quarterly July 28, 2023 September 15, 2023 September 29, 2023 million (1) million Total for the year ended September 30, 2023 million million Distribution Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Amount per Share Cash Distribution DRIP Shares Issued DRIP Shares Value (3) Quarterly October 13, 2021 December 15, 2021 December 31, 2021 million (1) million Quarterly January 28, 2022 March 15, 2022 March 31, 2022 million (1) million Quarterly April 29, 2022 June 15, 2022 June 30, 2022 million (2) million Quarterly July 29, 2022 September 15, 2022 September 30, 2022 million (2) million Total for the year ended September 30, 2022 million million Distribution Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Amount per Share Cash Distribution DRIP Shares Issued DRIP Shares Value (3) Quarterly November 13, 2020 December 15, 2020 December 31, 2020 million (2) million Quarterly January 29, 2021 March 15, 2021 March 31, 2021 million (2) million Quarterly April 30, 2021 June 15, 2021 June 30, 2021 million (2) million Quarterly July 30, 2021 September 15, 2021 September 30, 2021 million (2) million Total for the year ended September 30, 2021 million million 
 __________ 
 (1) New shares were issued and distributed. 
 (2) Shares were purchased on the open market and distributed. 
 (3) Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
 
 Common Stock Issuances 
 On January 23, 2023, in connection with the OSI2 Merger, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to former OSI2 stockholders. On March 19, 2021, in connection with the OCSI Merger, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to former OCSI stockholders. There were no other common stock issuances during the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock as part of the DRIP. During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock as part of the DRIP. 
 On February 7, 2022, the Company entered into an equity distribution agreement by and among the Company, Oaktree, Oaktree Administrator and Keefe, Bruyette Woods, Inc., JMP Securities LLC, Raymond James Associates, Inc. and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., as placement agents, in connection with the issuance and sale by the Company of shares of common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to million. The equity distribution agreement was amended on February 8, 2023 to allow for the sale of shares of the Company s common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million under the Company s current registration statement and on August 8, 2023 to add Jefferies LLC as an additional placement agent and to remove SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. as replacement agent. Sales of the common stock may be made in negotiated transactions or transactions that are deemed to be at the market, as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including sales made directly on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or similar securities exchanges or sales made to or through a market maker other than on an exchange, at prices related to the prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices. 
 138 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

shares of common stock during the year ended September 30, 2023 for net proceeds of million (net of offering costs). 
 Number of Shares Issued Gross Proceeds Placement Agent Fees Net Proceeds (1) Average Sales Price per Share (2) "At the market" offering 
 (1) Net proceeds excludes offering costs of million. 
 (2) Represents the gross sales price before deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses. 
 In connection with the "at the market" offering, the Company issued and sold shares of common stock during the year ended September 30, 2022 for net proceeds of million (net of offering costs). 
 Number of Shares Issued Gross Proceeds Placement Agent Fees Net Proceeds (1) Average Sales Price per Share (2) "At the market" offering 
 __________ 
 (1) Net proceeds excludes offering costs of million. 
 (2) Represents the gross sales price before deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses. 

Note 6.) pursuant to a Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement with the lenders party thereto, ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent, ING Capital LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc. and MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agents. The Syndicated Facility provides that the Company may use the proceeds of the loans and issuances of letters of credit under the Syndicated Facility for general corporate purposes, including acquiring and funding leveraged loans, mezzanine loans, high-yield securities, convertible securities, preferred stock, common stock and other investments. The Syndicated Facility further allows the Company to request letters of credit from ING Capital LLC, as the issuing bank. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, the size of the Syndicated Facility was billion. In addition, pursuant to an "accordion" feature, the Company may increase the size of the facility to up to the greater of billion and the Company's net worth, as defined in the facility, under certain circumstances. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, (i) the period during which the Company may make drawings with respect to billion of commitments will expire on June 23, 2027 and the maturity date is June 23, 2028, (ii) the period during which the Company may make drawings with respect to the remaining commitments will expire on May 4, 2025 and the maturity date is May 4, 2026 and (iii) the interest rate margin for (a) SOFR loans (which may be 1- or 3-month, at the Company s option) was plus a SOFR adjustment which ranges between and and (b) alternate base rate loans was . 

to 1.00, (F) maintaining a ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense, of the Company and its subsidiaries (subject to certain exceptions), of not less than to 1.00, (G) maintaining a minimum liquidity and net worth, and (H) limitations on the creation or existence of agreements that prohibit liens on certain properties of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. 
 139 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, the Company had million and million of borrowings outstanding under the Syndicated Facility, respectively, which had a fair value of million and million, respectively. The Company's borrowings under the Syndicated Facility bore interest at a weighted average interest rate of , and for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense (inclusive of fees) of million, million and million, respectively, related to the Syndicated Facility. 
 Citibank Facility) with OCSL Senior Funding II LLC (formerly OCSI Senior Funding II LLC), the Company s wholly-owned, special purpose financing subsidiary, as the borrower, the Company, as collateral manager and seller, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral agent and custodian. On May 25, 2023, in connection with an amendment to the OSI2 Citibank Facility, the Citibank Facility was terminated. In connection with the termination of the Citibank Facility, the Company accelerated million of deferred financing costs into interest expense during the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2022, the Company had million outstanding under the Citibank Facility, which had a fair value of million. The Company's borrowings under the Citibank Facility bore interest at a weighted average interest rate of , and for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 and the period from March 19, 2021 to September 30, 2021, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 and the period from March 19, 2021 to September 30, 2021, the Company recorded interest expense (inclusive of fees) of million, million and million, respectively, related to the Citibank Facility. 
 OSI2 Citibank Facility) with OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC OSI 2 SPV ), the Company s wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary, as the borrower, the Company, as collateral manager, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as collateral agent. 
 million under the OSI2 Citibank Facility (subject to borrowing base and other limitations). per annum on broadly syndicated loans and on all other eligible loans and (b) for all other lenders, SOFR plus per annum on broadly syndicated loans and per annum on all other eligible loans, in all cases subject to a minimum overall rate of SOFR plus per annum. After the reinvestment period, the applicable spread is per year. There is also a non-usage fee of per year on the unused portion of the OSI2 Citibank Facility, payable quarterly; provided that if the unused portion of the OSI2 Citibank Facility is greater than of the commitments under the OSI2 Citibank Facility, the non-usage fee will be based on an unused portion of of the commitments under the OSI2 Citibank Facility. The OSI2 Citibank Facility is secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of OSI 2 SPV s assets. As part of the OSI2 Citibank Facility, OSI 2 SPV is subject to certain limitations as to how borrowed funds may be used and the types of loans that are eligible to be acquired by OSI 2 SPV including restrictions on sector concentrations, loan size, tenor and minimum investment ratings (or estimated ratings). The OSI2 Citibank Facility also contains certain requirements relating to interest coverage, collateral quality and portfolio performance, certain violations of which could result in the acceleration of the amounts due under the OSI2 Citibank Facility. 
 As of September 30, 2023, the Company had million outstanding under the OSI2 Citibank Facility, which had a fair value of million. The Company s borrowings under the OSI2 Citibank Facility bore interest at a weighted average 
 140 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

for the period from January 23, 2023 to September 30, 2023. For the period from January 23, 2023 to September 30, 2023, the Company recorded interest expense (inclusive of fees) of million related to the OSI2 Citibank Facility. 
 2025 Notes 
 million in aggregate principal amount of the for net proceeds of million after deducting OID of million, underwriting commissions and discounts of million and offering costs of million. The OID on the 2025 Notes is amortized based on the effective interest method over the term of the 2025 Notes. 
 The 2025 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated April 30, 2012, as supplemented by the fifth supplemental indenture, dated February 25, 2020 (collectively, the "2025 Notes Indenture"), between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (the "Trustee"). The 2025 Notes are the Company's general unsecured obligations that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company's existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2025 Notes. The 2025 Notes rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company's existing and future liabilities that are not so subordinated. The 2025 Notes effectively rank junior to any of the Company's secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The 2025 Notes rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company's subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 per annum. The 2025 Notes mature on February 25, 2025 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company's option prior to maturity at par plus a make-whole premium, if applicable. In addition, holders of the 2025 Notes can require the Company to repurchase the 2025 Notes at of their principal amount upon the occurrence of certain change of control events as described in the 2025 Notes Indenture. The 2025 Notes were issued in minimum denominations of 2,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company did not repurchase any of the 2025 Notes in the open market. 
 
 2027 Notes 
 million in aggregate principal amount of the for net proceeds of million after deducting OID of million, underwriting commissions and discounts of million and offering costs of million. The OID on the 2027 Notes is amortized based on the effective interest method over the term of the 2027 Notes. 
 The 2027 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated April 30, 2012, as supplemented by the sixth supplemental indenture, dated May 18, 2021 (collectively, the "2027 Notes Indenture"), between the Company and the Trustee. The 2027 Notes are the Company's general unsecured obligations that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company's existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company's existing and future liabilities that are not so subordinated. The 2027 Notes effectively rank junior to any of the Company's secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The 2027 Notes rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company's subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 per annum. The 2027 Notes mature on January 15, 2027 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company's option prior to maturity at par plus a make-whole premium, if applicable. In addition, holders of the 2027 Notes can require the Company to repurchase the 2027 Notes at of their principal amount upon the occurrence of certain change of control events as described in the 2027 Notes Indenture. The 2027 Notes were issued in minimum denominations of 2,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company did not repurchase any of the 2027 Notes in the open market. 
 141 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

In connection with the 2027 Notes, the Company entered into an interest rate swap to more closely align the interest rates of its liabilities with its investment portfolio, which consists of predominately floating rate loans. Under the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives a fixed interest rate of and pays a floating interest rate of the three-month SOFR plus plus a SOFR adjustment of on a notional amount of million. The Company designated the interest rate swap as the hedging instrument in an effective hedge accounting relationship. See Note 12 for more information regarding the interest rate swap. 
 2029 Notes 
 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes for net proceeds of million after deducting OID of million, underwriting commissions and discounts of million and offering costs of million. The OID on the 2029 Notes is amortized based on the effective interest method over the term of the 2029 Notes. 
 The 2029 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated April 30, 2012, as supplemented by the seventh supplemental indenture, dated August 15, 2023 (collectively, the "2029 Notes Indenture"), between the Company and the Trustee. The 2029 Notes are the Company's general unsecured obligations that rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company's existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2029 Notes. The 2029 Notes rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company's existing and future liabilities that are not so subordinated. The 2029 Notes effectively rank junior to any of the Company's secured indebtedness (including unsecured indebtedness that the Company later secures) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The 2029 Notes rank structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by the Company's subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 Interest on the 2029 Notes is paid semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 at a rate of per annum. The 2029 Notes mature on February 15, 2029 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company's option prior to maturity at par plus a make-whole premium, if applicable. In addition, holders of the 2029 Notes can require the Company to repurchase the 2029 Notes at of their principal amount upon the occurrence of certain change of control events as described in the 2029 Notes Indenture. The 2029 Notes were issued in minimum denominations of 2,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company did not repurchase any of the 2029 Notes in the open market. 
 and pays a floating interest rate of the three-month SOFR plus on a notional amount of million. The Company designated the interest rate swap as the hedging instrument in an effective hedge accounting relationship. See Note 12 for more information regarding the interest rate swap. 
 
 142 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Unamortized financing costs ) ) ) ) ) Unaccreted discount ) ) ) ) ) Interest rate swap fair value adjustment ) ) ) Net carrying value Fair Value 
 The below table presents the components of interest and other debt expenses related to the 2025 Notes, the 2027 Notes and the 2029 Notes for the year ended September 30, 2023: 
 in millions) 2025 Notes 2027 Notes 2029 Notes Coupon interest Amortization of financing costs and discount Effect of interest rate swap Total interest expense Coupon interest rate (net of effect of interest rate swaps) 
 The below table presents the components of interest and other debt expenses related to the 2025 Notes and the 2027 Notes for the year ended September 30, 2022: 
 in millions) 2025 Notes 2027 Notes Coupon interest Amortization of financing costs and discount Effect of interest rate swap ) Total interest expense Coupon interest rate (net of effect of interest rate swap for 2027 Notes) 
 The below table presents the components of interest and other debt expenses related to the 2025 Notes and the 2027 Notes for the year ended September 30, 2021: 
 in millions) 2025 Notes 2027 Notes Coupon interest Amortization of financing costs and discount Effect of interest rate swap ) Total interest expense Coupon interest rate (net of effect of interest rate swap for 2027 Notes) 

Note 7. 
 million to offset net capital gains that will not expire, to the extent available and permitted by U.S. federal income tax law, of which million are available to offset future short-term capital gains and million are available to offset future long-term capital gains. A portion of such net capital loss carryfowards represented a realized loss under sections 382 and 383 of the Code, which is carried forward to future years to offset future gains subject to certain limitations. 
 143 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation ) Book/tax difference due to organizational costs ) ) Book/tax difference due to capital losses suspended (utilized) ) ) Other book/tax differences ) ) Taxable/Distributable Income (1) 
 __________ 
 (1) The Company's taxable income for the year ended September 30, 2023 is an estimate and will not be finally determined until the Company files its tax return for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023. Therefore, the final taxable income may be different than the estimate. 
 The Company uses the liability method to account for its taxable subsidiaries' income taxes. Using this method, the Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. In addition, the Company recognizes deferred tax benefits associated with net loss carry forwards that it may use to offset future tax obligations. The Company measures deferred tax assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which it expects to recover or settle those temporary differences. 
 When assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether it is probable that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In determining whether the deferred tax assets are realizable, the Company considers the period of expiration of the tax asset, historical and projected taxable income and tax liabilities for the tax jurisdiction in which the tax asset is located. The deferred tax asset recognized by the Company, as it relates to the higher tax basis in the carrying value of certain assets compared to the book basis of those assets, will be recognized in future years by these taxable entities. Deferred tax assets are based on the amount of the tax benefit that the Company s management has determined is more likely than not to be realized in future periods. In determining the realizability of this tax benefit, management considered numerous factors that will give rise to pre-tax income in future periods. Among these are the historical and expected future book and tax basis pre-tax income of the Company and unrealized gains in the Company s assets at the determination date. Based on these and other factors, the Company determined that, as of September 30, 2023, million of the million deferred tax assets would not more likely than not be realized in future periods. As of September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a net deferred tax liability of less than 0.1 million on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a total expense for income tax related to realized and unrealized gains (losses) of million, which was composed primarily of a deferred income tax expense. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company recognized a provision for income tax related to net investment income of million, which was all current income tax expense. For the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company also recognized a total provision for income tax related to realized and unrealized gains (losses) of million, which was composed of (i) a current income tax expense of approximately million and (ii) a deferred income tax benefit of approximately million, which resulted from unrealized depreciation on investments held by the Company s wholly-owned taxable subsidiaries. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recognized a total provision for income tax related to realized and unrealized gains of million, which was composed of (i) a current income tax expense of approximately million, and (ii) a deferred income tax expense of approximately million, which resulted from unrealized appreciation on investments held by the Company s wholly-owned taxable subsidiaries. For the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recognized a provision for income tax related to net investment income of million, which was all current income tax expense. 
 144 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Net realized capital losses ) Unrealized losses, net ) Accumulated overdistributed earnings ) 
 The aggregate cost of investments for U.S. federal income tax purposes was million as of September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2023, the aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for all investments in which there was an excess of value over cost for U.S. federal income tax purposes was million. As of September 30, 2023, the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for all investments in which there was an excess of cost for U.S. federal income tax purposes over value was million. Net unrealized depreciation based on the aggregate cost of investments for U.S. federal income tax purposes was million. 

Note 8. 
 million, which consisted of the following: 
 in millions) Portfolio Company Net Realized Gain (Loss) SIO2 Medical Products Inc. ) Convergeone Holdings Inc. ) Foreign currency forward contracts ) Aden Anais Merger Sub Inc. ) Radiology Partners Inc. ) Carvana Co. ) Impel Neuropharma Inc. ) ASP Unifrax Holdings Inc. ) WP CPP Holdings LLC ) Global Medical Response Inc. ) Athenex Inc. Tersera Therapeutics LLC CorEvitas Group Holdings LP Other, net ) Total, net 
 ) 
 145 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

million, which consisted of the following: 
 in millions) Portfolio Company Net Realized Gain (Loss) Foreign currency forward contracts OmniSYS Acquisition Corporation First Star Speir Aviation Limited TigerConnect Inc. WP CPP Holdings, LLC ) Other, net ) Total, net 
 
 During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recorded an aggregate net realized gain of million, which consisted of the following: 
 in millions) Portfolio Company Net Realized Gain (Loss) PLATO Learning Inc. Keypath Education Holdings, LLC L Squared Capital Partners LLC LTI Holdings, Inc. BX Commercial Mortgage Trust 2020-VIVA California Pizza Kitchen Inc. ) Refac Optical Group ) Other, net Total, net 

Net Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation 
 Net unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the net change in the valuation of the portfolio pursuant to the Company's valuation guidelines and the reclassification of any prior period unrealized appreciation or depreciation. 
 During the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of ) million, ) million and million, respectively. For the year ended September 30, 2023, this consisted of million of net unrealized depreciation on debt investments and million of net unrealized depreciation on equity investments, partially offset by million of net unrealized appreciation related to exited investments (a portion of which resulted in a reclassification to realized losses) and million of net unrealized appreciation of foreign currency forward contracts. For the year ended September 30, 2022, this consisted of million of net unrealized depreciation on debt investments, million of net unrealized depreciation on equity investments and million of net unrealized depreciation related to exited investments (a portion of which resulted in a reclassification to realized gains), partially offset by million of net unrealized appreciation of foreign currency forward contracts. For the year ended September 30, 2021, this consisted of million of net unrealized appreciation on debt investments, million of net unrealized appreciation on equity investments, million of net unrealized appreciation related to exited investments (a portion of which resulted in a reclassification to realized losses) and million of net unrealized appreciation of foreign currency forward contracts. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2023, unrealized depreciation included a one-time unrealized loss of million that resulted solely from accounting adjustments related to the OSI2 Merger. During the year ended September 30, 2021, unrealized depreciation included a one-time unrealized gain of million that resulted solely from accounting adjustments related to the OCSI Merger. 
 146 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Note 9. 

Note 10. 
 
 million and million, respectively, reflecting the unpaid portion of the base management fees and incentive fees payable to Oaktree. 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 The Company is party to the Investment Advisory Agreement. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company pays Oaktree a fee for its services under the Investment Advisory Agreement consisting of components: a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management fee payable to Oaktree and any incentive fees earned by Oaktree is ultimately borne by common stockholders of the Company. 
 The investment advisory agreement with Oaktree was amended and restated on March 19, 2021 in connection with the closing of the OCSI Merger and on January 23, 2023 in connection with the closing of OSI2 Merger. The term Investment Advisory Agreement refers collectively to the agreements with Oaktree. 
 Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect from year-to-year if approved annually by the Board of Directors of the Company or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities, including, in either case, approval by a majority of the directors of the Company who are not interested persons. The Investment Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment. The Investment Advisory Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon days written notice to the other. The Investment Advisory Agreement may also be terminated, without penalty, upon the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company. 
 Base Management Fee 
 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of of total gross assets, including any investment made with borrowings, but excluding cash and cash equivalents. The base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears and the fee for any partial month or quarter is appropriately prorated. Effective May 3, 2019, the base management fee on the Company s gross assets, including any investments made with borrowings, but excluding any cash and cash equivalents, that exceed the product of (A) and (B) the Company s net asset value will be . For the avoidance of doubt, the will be calculated in accordance with the Investment Company Act and will give effect to exemptive relief the Company received from the SEC with respect to debentures issued by a small business investment company subsidiary. In connection with the OCSI Merger, Oaktree waived an aggregate of million of base management fees otherwise payable to Oaktree in the following the closing of the OCSI Merger on March 19, 2021 at a rate of per quarter (with such amount appropriately prorated for any partial quarter). In connection with the OSI2 Merger, Oaktree waived an aggregate of million of base management fees payable to Oaktree as follows: million at a rate of million per quarter (with such amount appropriately prorated for any partial quarter) in the first year following closing of the OSI2 Merger on January 23, 2023 and million at a rate of per quarter (with such amount appropriately prorated for any partial quarter) in the second year following closing of the OSI2 Merger. 
 For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the base management fee incurred under the Investment Advisory Agreement was million (net of waiver), million (net of waiver) and million (net of waiver), respectively. 
 Incentive Fee 
 The incentive fee consists of two parts. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the first part of the incentive fee (the incentive fee on income or "Part I incentive fee") is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based upon the pre-incentive fee net investment income of the Company for the immediately preceding quarter. The payment of the incentive fee on income 
 147 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

, subject to a catch up feature. 
 For this purpose, pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies, other than fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued during the fiscal quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as OID debt, instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. In addition, pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any amortization or accretion of any purchase premium or purchase discount to interest income resulting solely from merger-related accounting adjustments in connection with the assets acquired in the OCSI Merger or in the OSI2 Merger, in each case, including any premium or discount paid for the acquisition of such assets, solely to the extent that the inclusion of such merger-related accounting adjustments, in the aggregate, would result in an increase in pre-incentive fee net investment income. 
 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the calculation of the incentive fee on income for each quarter is as follows: 
 
 No incentive fee is payable to Oaktree in any quarter in which the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the preferred return rate of (the preferred return on net assets; 
 of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the preferred return but is less than or equal to in any fiscal quarter is payable to Oaktree. This portion of the incentive fee on income is referred to as the catch-up provision, and it is intended to provide Oaktree with an incentive fee of on all of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income when the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds on net assets in any fiscal quarter; and 
 For any quarter in which the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds on net assets, the incentive fee on income is equal to of the amount of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income, as the preferred return and catch-up will have been achieved. 
 
 There is no accumulation of amounts on the hurdle rate from quarter to quarter and accordingly there is no clawback of amounts previously paid if subsequent quarters are below the quarterly hurdle. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the first part of the incentive fee (incentive fee on income) incurred under the Investment Advisory Agreement was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the second part of the incentive fee (the "capital gains incentive fee") is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date) commencing with the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 and equals of the Company s realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from the beginning of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019 through the end of each subsequent fiscal year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Any realized capital gains, realized capital losses, unrealized capital appreciation and unrealized capital depreciation with respect to the Company s portfolio as of the end of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018 are excluded from the calculations of the second part of the incentive fee. In addition, the calculation of realized capital gains, realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation does (1) not include any such amounts resulting solely from merger-related accounting adjustments in connection with the assets acquired in the OCSI Merger or in the OSI2 Merger, in each case, including any premium or discount paid for the acquisition of such assets, solely to the extent that the inclusion of such merger-related accounting adjustments, in the aggregate, would result in an increase in the capital gains incentive fee, (2) include any such amounts associated with the investments acquired in the OCSI Merger for the period from October 1, 2018 to the date of closing of the OCSI Merger, solely to the extent that the exclusion of such amounts, in the aggregate, would result in an increase in the capital gains incentive fee and (3) include any such amounts associated with the investments acquired in the OSI2 Merger for the period from August 6, 2018 to the date of closing of the OSI2 Merger, solely to the extent that the exclusion of such amounts, in the aggregate, would result in an increase in the capital gains incentive fee. As of September 30, 2023, the Company paid million of capital gains incentive fees cumulatively under the Investment Advisory Agreement (net of waivers). For the years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, the Company did t incur any capital gains incentive fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement. For the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company incurred million of capital gains incentive fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 
 148 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

of such cumulative amount, less the aggregate amount of actual capital gains incentive fees payable or capital gains incentive fees accrued under GAAP in all prior periods. The resulting accrual for any capital gains incentive fee under GAAP in a given period may result in an additional expense if such cumulative amount is greater than in the prior period or a reversal of previously recorded expense if such cumulative amount is less than in the prior period. If such cumulative amount is negative, then there is no accrual. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future or any accrued capital gains incentive fee will become payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement. For the year ended September 30, 2023, there were accrued capital gains incentive fees. For the year ended September 30, 2022, million of previously accrued capital gains incentive fees were reversed. For the year ended September 30, 2021, million of accrued capital gains incentive fees were expensed. As of September 30, 2023, the total accrued capital gains incentive fee liability was zero. 
 Indemnification 
 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of their respective duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of their respective duties and obligations, Oaktree and its officers, managers, partners, members (and their members, including the owners of their members), agents, employees, controlling persons and any other person or entity affiliated with it, are entitled to indemnification from the Company for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of Oaktree's services under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as investment adviser. 
 Administrative Services 
 The Company is party to the Administration Agreement with Oaktree Administrator. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, Oaktree Administrator provides administrative services to the Company necessary for the operations of the Company, which include providing office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities and such other services as Oaktree Administrator, subject to review by the Company s Board of Directors, shall from time to time deem to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under the Administration Agreement. Oaktree Administrator may, on behalf of the Company, conduct relations and negotiate agreements with custodians, trustees, depositories, attorneys, underwriters, brokers and dealers, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks and such other persons in any such other capacity deemed to be necessary or desirable. Oaktree Administrator makes reports to the Company s Board of Directors of its performance of obligations under the Administration Agreement and furnishes advice and recommendations with respect to such other aspects of the Company s business and affairs, in each case, as it shall determine to be desirable or as reasonably required by the Company s Board of Directors; provided that Oaktree Administrator shall not provide any investment advice or recommendation. 
 Oaktree Administrator also provides portfolio collection functions for interest income, fees and warrants and is responsible for the financial and other records that the Company is required to maintain and prepares, prints and disseminates reports to the Company s stockholders and all other materials filed with the SEC. In addition, Oaktree Administrator assists the Company in determining and publishing the Company s net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of the Company s tax returns, and generally overseeing the payment of the Company s expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Company by others. Oaktree Administrator may also offer to provide, on the Company s behalf, managerial assistance to the Company s portfolio companies. 
 For providing these services, facilities and personnel, the Company reimburses Oaktree Administrator the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by Oaktree Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including the Company s allocable portion of the rent of the Company s principal executive offices (which are located in a building owned by a Brookfield affiliate) at market rates and the Company s allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of its Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, their staffs and other non- 
 149 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

days written notice to the other. The Administration Agreement may also be terminated, without penalty, upon the vote of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities. 
 For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company accrued administrative expenses of million, million and million, respectively, including million, million and million of general and administrative expenses, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, million and million, respectively, was included in Due to affiliate in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, reflecting the unpaid portion of administrative expenses and other reimbursable expenses payable to Oaktree Administrator. 
 150 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Note 11. 
 Net investment income (1) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (1)(7) ) ) ) Net realized gains (losses) (1) ) ) (Provision) benefit for taxes on realized and unrealized gains (losses) (1) ) ) ) ) Distributions of net investment income to stockholders ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock ) Net asset value per share at end of period Per share market value at beginning of period Per share market value at end of period Total return (2) ) Common shares outstanding at beginning of period Common shares outstanding at end of period Net assets at beginning of period Net assets at end of period Average net assets (3) Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (3) Ratio of total expenses to average net assets (3) Ratio of net expenses to average net assets (3) Ratio of portfolio turnover to average investments at fair value Weighted average outstanding debt (4) Average debt per share (1) Asset coverage ratio at end of period (5) 
 __________ 
 (1) Calculated based upon weighted average shares outstanding for the period. (2) Total return equals the increase or decrease of ending market value over beginning market value, plus distributions, divided by the beginning market value, assuming dividend reinvestment prices obtained under the Company's DRIP. Total return does not include sales load. (3) Calculated based upon the weighted average net assets for the period. (4) Calculated based upon the weighted average of principal debt outstanding for the period. (5) Based on outstanding senior securities of million, million, million, million and million as of September 30, 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 (6) The share and per share information disclosed in this table has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Company's 1-for-3 reverse stock split completed on January 20, 2023 and effective as of the commencement of trading on January 23, 2023. 
 (7) For the year ended September 30, 2023, the amount shown for net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) includes the effect of the timing of common stock issuances in connection with the OSI2 Merger. For the year ended September 30, 2021, the amount shown for net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) includes the effect of the timing of common stock issuances in connection with the OCSI Merger. 
 
 151 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

N/A Fiscal 2015 N/A Fiscal 2016 N/A Fiscal 2017 N/A Fiscal 2018 N/A Fiscal 2019 N/A Fiscal 2020 N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2022 N/A Fiscal 2023 N/A Citibank Facility Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2022 N/A OSI2 Citibank Facility Fiscal 2023 N/A Sumitomo Facility Fiscal 2014 N/A Fiscal 2015 N/A Fiscal 2016 N/A Fiscal 2017 N/A Convertible Notes Fiscal 2014 N/A Fiscal 2015 N/A Secured Borrowings Fiscal 2014 N/A Fiscal 2015 N/A Fiscal 2016 N/A Fiscal 2017 N/A Fiscal 2018 N/A 2019 Notes Fiscal 2014 N/A Fiscal 2015 N/A Fiscal 2016 N/A Fiscal 2017 N/A Fiscal 2018 N/A 
 152 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Fiscal 2015 Fiscal 2016 Fiscal 2017 Fiscal 2018 Fiscal 2019 2025 Notes Fiscal 2020 N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2022 N/A Fiscal 2023 N/A 2027 Notes Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2022 N/A Fiscal 2023 N/A 2028 Notes Fiscal 2014 Fiscal 2015 Fiscal 2016 Fiscal 2017 Fiscal 2018 Fiscal 2019 2029 Notes Fiscal 2023 N/A Total Senior Securities Fiscal 2014 Fiscal 2015 Fiscal 2016 Fiscal 2017 Fiscal 2018 Fiscal 2019 Fiscal 2020 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2023 ______________ 
 (1) 
 
 153 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

154 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Note 12. 
 million to the Royal Bank of Canada to cover collateral obligations under the terms of the interest swap agreements, which is included in due from broker on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities. 
 11/9/2023 Derivative asset Foreign currency forward contract 11/9/2023 Derivative asset 
 Certain information related to the Company s foreign currency forward contracts is presented below as of September 30, 2022. 
 Description Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Maturity Date Gross Amount of Recognized Assets Gross Amount of Recognized Liabilities Balance Sheet Location of Net Amounts Foreign currency forward contract 11/10/2022 Derivative asset Foreign currency forward contract 11/10/2022 Derivative asset 
 Certain information related to the Company s interest rate swaps is presented below as of September 30, 2023. 
 Description Notional Amount Maturity Date Gross Amount of Recognized Assets Gross Amount of Recognized Liabilities Balance Sheet Location of Net Amounts Interest rate swap 1/15/2027 Derivative liability Interest rate swap 2/15/2029 Derivative liability 
 Certain information related to the Company s interest rate swap is presented below as of September 30, 2022. 
 Description Notional Amount Maturity Date Gross Amount of Recognized Assets Gross Amount of Recognized Liabilities Balance Sheet Location of Net Amounts Interest rate swap 1/15/2027 Derivative liability 

155 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Note 13. 
 million of unfunded commitments, which was comprised of million to provide debt and equity financing to certain of its portfolio companies and million to provide financing to the JVs. Of the million, approximately million can be drawn immediately with the remaining amount subject to certain milestones that must be met by portfolio companies or other restrictions. As of September 30, 2022, the Company's only off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of million of unfunded commitments, which was comprised of million to provide debt and equity financing to certain of its portfolio companies and million to provide financing to the JVs. Such commitments are subject to the portfolio companies' satisfaction of certain financial and nonfinancial covenants and may involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 156 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Delta Leasing SPV II LLC BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. OCSI Glick JV LLC Senior Loan Fund JV I, LLC Fairbridge Strategic Capital Funding LLC MND Holdings III Corp Seres Therapeutics, Inc. Assembled Brands Capital LLC iCIMs, Inc. Grove Hotel Parcel Owner, LLC scPharmaceuticals Inc. Kings Buyer, LLC Avalara, Inc. Mindbody, Inc. Accupac, Inc. 107 Fair Street LLC Harrow, Inc. Inventus Power, Inc. Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Establishment Labs Holdings Inc. OTG Management, LLC PRGX Global, Inc. Salus Workers' Compensation, LLC ADC Therapeutics SA Relativity ODA LLC LSL Holdco, LLC Spanx, LLC Impel Pharmaceuticals Inc. SCP Eye Care Services, LLC 112-126 Van Houten Real22 LLC MRI Software LLC Supreme Fitness Group NY Holdings, LLC Tahoe Bidco B.V. Coupa Holdings, LLC Galileo Parent, Inc. Oranje Holdco, Inc. SIO2 Medical Products, Inc. Pluralsight, LLC Evergreen IX Borrower 2023, LLC Berner Food Beverage, LLC PPW Aero Buyer, Inc. Liquid Environmental Solutions Corporation Acquia Inc. Digital.AI Software Holdings, Inc. Finastra USA, Inc. MHE Intermediate Holdings, LLC Telestream Holdings Corporation Coyote Buyer, LLC ASP-R-PAC Acquisition Co LLC BAART Programs, Inc. Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. RumbleOn, Inc. Ardonagh Midco 3 PLC Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited Mesoblast, Inc. Dialyze Holdings, LLC Thrasio, LLC Apptio, Inc. CorEvitas, LLC 109 Montgomery Owner LLC GKD Index Partners, LLC Total 
 
 157 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Note 14. 
 shares of the Company s common stock (with OSI2 s stockholders receiving cash in lieu of fractional shares of the Company s common stock). As a result of the Merger, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock to former OSI2 stockholders. 
 The OSI2 Merger was accounted for as an asset acquisition in accordance with the asset acquisition method of accounting as detailed in ASC 805-50, Business Combinations Related Issues ASC 805 ). The Company determined the fair value of the shares of the Company s common stock that were issued to former OSI2 stockholders pursuant to the OSI2 Merger Agreement plus transaction costs to be the consideration paid in connection with the OSI2 Merger under ASC 805. The consideration paid to OSI2 stockholders, as determined in accordance with ASC 805, was more than the aggregate fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which resulted in a purchase premium (the purchase premium ). The consideration paid was allocated to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the relative fair values of net identifiable assets acquired other than non-qualifying assets (for example, cash). As a result, the purchase premium was allocated to the cost basis of the OSI2 investments acquired by the Company on a pro-rata basis based on their relative fair values as of the effective time of the OSI2 Merger. Immediately following the OSI2 Merger, the investments were marked to their respective fair values in accordance with ASC 820 which resulted in million of unrealized depreciation in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as a result of the OSI2 Merger. The purchase premium allocated to the debt investments acquired will amortize over the life of each respective debt investment through interest income, with a corresponding adjustment recorded to unrealized depreciation on such investment acquired through its ultimate disposition. The purchase premium allocated to equity investments acquired will not amortize over the life of such investments through interest income and, assuming no subsequent change to the fair value of the equity investments acquired and disposition of such equity investments at fair value, the Company will recognize a realized loss with a corresponding reversal of the unrealized depreciation on disposition of such equity investments acquired. The OSI2 Merger was considered a tax-free reorganization, and the Company has elected to carry forward the historical cost basis of the acquired OSI2 investments for tax purposes. 
 Transaction costs Consideration paid Investments Cash and cash equivalents Other assets Total assets acquired Debt Other liabilities Total liabilities acquired Total net assets acquired 
 __________ 
 (1) Common stock issued by the Company includes of cash paid in lieu of issuing fractional shares. 

158 

OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, percentages and as otherwise indicated) 

Note 15. 
 per share and per share, respectively, payable in cash on December 29, 2023 to stockholders of record on December 15, 2023. 

159 

C5 Technology Holdings, LLC Data Processing Outsourced Services Preferred Equity Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/28/2025 ) Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan SOFR+ 8/28/2025 Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 8/28/2025 Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Health Care Services Common Stock ) OCSI Glick JV LLC (5) Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Debt SOFR+ 10/20/2028 ) OCSI Glick JV LLC (5) Multi-Sector Holdings Membership Interest Senior Loan Fund JV I, LLC (6) Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Debt SOFR+ 12/29/2028 Senior Loan Fund JV I, LLC (6) Multi-Sector Holdings Membership Interest SIO2 Medical Products, Inc. Metal, Glass Plastic Containers First Lien Term Loan 8/3/2028 ) SIO2 Medical Products, Inc. Metal, Glass Plastic Containers First Lien Term Loan 8/3/2028 SIO2 Medical Products, Inc. Metal, Glass Plastic Containers Common Stock ) SIO2 Medical Products, Inc. Metal, Glass Plastic Containers Warrants Total Control Investments ) Affiliate Investments Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance First Lien Revolver SOFR+ 1/25/2026 ) Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance Common Stock ) Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance Preferred Equity ) Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance Warrants Caregiver Services, Inc. Health Care Services Preferred Equity Total Affiliate Investments ) Total Control Affiliate Investments ) 
 
 This schedule should be read in connection with the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, including the Consolidated Schedules of Investments and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 ______________________ 
 (1) The principal amount and ownership detail are shown in the Company's Consolidated Schedules of Investments. 
 (2) Represents the total amount of interest (net of non-accrual amounts), fees and dividends credited to income for the portion of the period an investment was included in the Control or Affiliate categories. 
 (3) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, follow-on investments, accrued PIK interest (net of non-accrual amounts) and the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. Gross additions also include net increases in unrealized appreciation or net decreases in unrealized depreciation as well as the movement of an existing portfolio company into this category or out of a different category. 
 (4) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal payments or sales and exchanges of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. Gross reductions also include net increases in unrealized depreciation or net decreases in unrealized appreciation as well as the movement of an existing portfolio company out of this category and into a different category. 
 160 

161 

C5 Technology Holdings, LLC Data Processing Outsourced Services Preferred Equity Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Term Loan L+ 2/28/2024 ) Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Revolver L+ 2/28/2024 Dominion Diagnostics, LLC Health Care Services Common Stock ) First Star Speir Aviation Limited (5) Airlines First Lien Term Loan 12/15/2025 ) First Star Speir Aviation Limited (5) Airlines Membership Interest ) ) OCSI Glick JV LLC (6) Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Debt L+ 10/20/2028 ) OCSI Glick JV LLC (6) Multi-Sector Holdings Membership Interest Senior Loan Fund JV I, LLC (7) Multi-Sector Holdings Subordinated Debt L+ 12/29/2028 Senior Loan Fund JV I, LLC (7) Multi-Sector Holdings Membership Interest ) Total Control Investments ) Affiliate Investments Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance First Lien Revolver L+ 10/17/2023 ) Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance Common Stock ) Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance Preferred Equity Assembled Brands Capital LLC Specialized Finance Warrants Caregiver Services, Inc. Health Care Services Preferred Equity ) Total Affiliate Investments ) Total Control Affiliate Investments ) 
 
 This schedule should be read in connection with the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, including the Consolidated Schedules of Investments and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 ______________________ 
 (1) The principal amount and ownership detail are shown in the Company's Consolidated Schedules of Investments. 
 (2) Represents the total amount of interest (net of non-accrual amounts), fees and dividends credited to income for the portion of the period an investment was included in the Control or Affiliate categories. 
 (3) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, follow-on investments, accrued PIK interest (net of non-accrual amounts) and the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. Gross additions also include net increases in unrealized appreciation or net decreases in unrealized depreciation as well as the movement of an existing portfolio company into this category or out of a different category. 
 (4) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal payments or sales and exchanges of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. Gross reductions also include net increases in unrealized depreciation or net decreases in unrealized appreciation as well as the movement of an existing portfolio company out of this category and into a different category. 
 (5) First Star Speir Aviation Limited is a wholly-owned holding company formed by the Company in order to facilitate its investment strategy. In accordance with ASU 2013-08, the Company has deemed the holding company to be an investment company under GAAP and therefore deemed it appropriate to consolidate the financial results and financial position of the holding company and to recognize dividend income versus a combination of interest income and dividend income. Accordingly, the debt and equity investments in the wholly-owned holding company are disregarded for accounting purposes since the economic substance of these instruments are equity investments in the operating entities. 
 162 

163 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2023. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2023, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at the reasonable assurance level, in timely identifying, recording, processing, summarizing and reporting any material information relating to us that is required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (b) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, and effected by such company's Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
 
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2023. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 

164 

(c) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 During the year ended September 30, 2023, none of our officers or directors or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement . 

PART III OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report: 
 
 165 

1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 84 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 85 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2023 86 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2022 96 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 105 

2. Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 The following financial statement schedule is filed herewith: 
 Schedule 12-14 Investments in and advances to affiliates 160 

166 

3. Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 
 
 3.1 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with Registrant s Form 8-A (File No. 001-33901) filed on January 2, 2008). 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Registrant s Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(2) filed with Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-146743) filed on June 6, 2008). 3.3 
 Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Amendment to the Registrant s Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(3) filed with Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-146743) filed on June 6, 2008). 3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment to Registrant s Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33901) filed on May 5, 2010). 3.5 
 Certificate of Amendment to Registrant s Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(5) filed with the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-180267) filed on April 2, 2013). 3.6 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated as of October 17, 2017 (Filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on October 17, 2017). 
 3.7 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated as of January 20, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on January 20, 2023). 3.8 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on January 29, 2018). 
 4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with Registrant s Form 8-A (File No. 001-33901) filed on January 2, 2008). 
 4.2 
 Description of Securities 
 167 

4.3 
 Indenture, dated April 30, 2012, between Registrant and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(4) filed with Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-180267) filed on July 27, 2012). 4.4 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 17, 2017, between Registrant and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on October 17, 2017). 4.5 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 25, 2020, relating to the 3.500 Notes due 2025, between the Registrant and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on February 25, 2020). 4.6 
 Form of 3.500 Notes due 2025 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.5 hereto). 
 4.7 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2021, relating to the 2.700 Notes due 2027, between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on May 18, 2021). 4.8 
 Form of 2.700 Notes due 2027 (contained in the Sixth Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.7 hereto). 4.9 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 15, 2023, relating to the 7.100 Notes due 2029, between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on August 15, 2023). 4.10 
 Form of 7.100 Notes due 2029 (contained in the Seventh Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.9 hereto). 10.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of January 23, 2023, between the Registrant and Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on January 23, 2023). 10.2 
 Administration Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2019 between the Registrant and Oaktree Administrator (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on October 2, 2019). 10.3 
 Custody Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Registrant s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-33901) filed on January 31, 2011). 10.4 
 Amended and Restated Dividend Reinvestment Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 001-33901) filed on October 28, 2010). 10.5 
 Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2019, among the Registrant, as Borrower, the lenders party thereto, ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent, ING Capital LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agents (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on February 26, 2019). 
 168 

10.6 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2019, among the Registrant, as Borrower, the lenders party thereto from time to time and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent for the lenders thereunder (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on December 17, 2019). 10.7 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2020, among the Registrant, as Borrower, the lenders party thereto from time to time and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent for the lenders thereunder (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00755) filed on May 7, 2020). 10.8 
 Incremental Commitment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2020, made by the Registrant, as Borrower, the assuming lender party hereto, as assuming lender, and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent and issuing bank relating to the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2019 among the Registrant, as Borrower, the lenders party thereto, ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent, ING Capital LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agents (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on October 29, 2020). 
 10.9 
 Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2020, among the Registrant, as Borrower, the lenders party thereto from time to time and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent for the lenders thereunder (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on December 14, 2020). 10.10 
 Incremental Commitment Agreement, dated as of December 28, 2020, made by the Registrant, as Borrower, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as increasing lender, and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent and issuing bank relating to the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2019 among the Registrant, as Borrower, the lenders party thereto, ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent, ING Capital LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agents (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on December 29, 2020). 10.11 
 Amendment No. 4 to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Guarantee, Pledge and Security Agreement, dated May 4, 2021, among the Company, as borrower, OCSL SRNE, LLC, as subsidiary guarantor, FSFC Holdings, Inc., as subsidiary guarantor, the lenders party thereto, and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00755) filed on August 4, 2021). 10.12 
 Incremental Commitment Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, made by Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation, as Borrower, BNP Paribas, as assuming lender, and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent and issuing bank relating to the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2019 among Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation, as Borrower, the lenders party thereto, ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent, ING Capital LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agents (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on December 13, 2021). 10.13 
 Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2023, among the Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with the Registrant s Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00755) filed on May 4, 2023). 10.14 
 Amendment No. 6 to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2023, by and among the Registrant, as borrower, the lenders party thereto and ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on June 26, 2023). 
 169 

10.15 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2019, by and among the Registrant (as successor-in-interest by merger to Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc.), OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, Citibank, N.A. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on January 23, 2023). 10.16 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2019, by and among the Registrant (as successor-in-interest by merger to Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc.), OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, Citibank, N.A. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on January 23, 2023). 10.17 
 Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2020, by and among the Registrant (as successor-in-interest by merger to Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc.), OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on January 23, 2023). 10.18 
 Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2020, by and among the Registrant (as successor-in-interest by merger to Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc.), OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC, and Citibank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on January 23, 2023). 10.19 
 Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2021, by and among the Registrant (as successor-in-interest by merger to Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc.), OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC, and Citibank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on January 23, 2023). 10.20 
 Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 2, 2022, by and among the Registrant (as successor-in-interest by merger to Oaktree Strategic Income II, Inc.), OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC, and Citibank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on January 23, 2023). 10.21 
 Sixth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2023, by and among the Registrant, OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC, and Citibank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 filed with the Registrant s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on May 30, 2023). 14.1 
 Joint Code of Ethics of the Registrant, Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund and Oaktree Gardens OLP, LLC. 14.2 
 Code of Ethics of Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.2 filed with the Registrant's Form 10-K (File No. 814-00755) filed on November 29, 2017). 1 9 .1 
 Securities Trading Policy. 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant and jurisdiction of incorporation/organizations: FSFC Holdings, Inc. Delaware OCSL Senior Funding II LLC Delaware OSI 2 Senior Lending SPV, LLC 23.1 
 Consent of Registered Public Accounting Firm 24 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page hereto). 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350). 
 170 

32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350). 97 .1 
 Clawback Policy. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION By: /s/ Armen Panossian Armen Panossian Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ Christopher McKown Christopher McKown Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 Date: November 13, 2023 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Armen Panossian, Mathew Pendo and Christopher McKown, and each of them (with full power to each of them to act alone), his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him and on his behalf and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign, execute and file this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, and any or all amendments to this Report, with all exhibits and any and all documents required to be filed with respect thereto, with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory authority, granting unto such attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing appropriate or necessary to be done in order to effectuate the same, as fully to all intents and purposes 
 171 

as he himself might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ ARMEN PANOSSIAN 
 Armen Panossian 
 Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) November 13, 2023 /s/ CHRISTOPHER MCKOWN 
 Christopher McKown 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) November 13, 2023 /s/ JOHN B. FRANK 
 John B. Frank 
 Director November 13, 2023 /s/ PHYLLIS R. CALDWELL 
 Phyllis R. Caldwell 
 Director November 13, 2023 /s/ DEBORAH A. GERO 
 Deborah A. Gero 
 Director November 13, 2023 /s/ CRAIG JACOBSON 
 Craig Jacobson 
 Director November 13, 2023 /s/ BRUCE ZIMMERMAN 
 Bruce Zimmerman 
 Director November 13, 2023 

172 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 exhibit42_descriptionofsec.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities is an exhibit. 
 (a) Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 250,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of which 77,225,329 shares were outstanding as of September 30, 2023. 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol OCSL. No stock has been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under Delaware law, our stockholders generally will not be personally liable for our debts or obligations. 
 
 Under the terms of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, or our certificate of incorporation, all shares of our common stock have equal rights as to earnings, assets, dividends and voting and, when they are issued, are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Distributions may be paid to the holders of our common stock if, as and when declared by our Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore. Shares of our common stock have no preemptive, exchange, conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our common stock would be entitled to share ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities. Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. The holders of our common stock possess exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock are able to elect all of our directors, and holders of less than a majority of such shares are unable to elect any director. 
 
 (b) Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws that may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control 
 
 Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 
 Under our certificate of incorporation, we will fully indemnify any person who was or is involved in any actual or threatened action, suit or proceeding (whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative) by reason of the fact that such person is or was one of our directors or officers or is or was serving at our request as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan, against expenses (including attorney s fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding. Our 
 
 112247070v4 

certificate of incorporation also provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except for a breach of their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. So long as we are regulated under the Investment Company Act, the above indemnification and limitation of liability will be limited by the Investment Company Act or by any valid rule, regulation or order of the SEC thereunder. The Investment Company Act provides, among other things, that a company may not indemnify any director or officer against liability to it or its stockholders to which he or she might otherwise be subject by reason of his or her willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his or her office unless a determination is made by final decision of a court, by vote of a majority of a quorum of directors who are disinterested, non-party directors or by independent legal counsel that the liability for which indemnification is sought did not arise out of the foregoing conduct. 
 Delaware law also provides that indemnification permitted under the law shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the directors and officers may be entitled under the corporation s bylaws, any agreement, a vote of stockholders or otherwise. 
 Our certificate of incorporation permits us to secure insurance on behalf of any person who is or was or has agreed to become a director or officer or is or was serving at our request as a director or officer of another enterprise for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether the Delaware General Corporation Law would permit indemnification. We have obtained liability insurance for our officers and directors. 
 Delaware Law and Certain Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions Anti-Takeover Measures 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, the statute prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with interested stockholders for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes certain mergers, asset sales and other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with his, her or its affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years did own, 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and fourth amended and restated bylaws, or bylaws, provide that 
 
 the Board of Directors be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in size as possible, with staggered three-year terms 

directors may be removed only for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the shares of our capital stock entitled to vote and 
 
 112247070v4 

any vacancy on the Board of Directors, however the vacancy occurs, including a vacancy due to an enlargement of the Board of Directors, may only be filled by vote of the directors then in office . 

The classification of our Board of Directors and the limitations on removal of directors and filling of vacancies could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, or of discouraging a third party from acquiring us. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws also provide that 
 
 any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders at an annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders may only be taken if it is properly brought before such meeting and may not be taken by written action in lieu of a meeting and 
 
 special meetings of the stockholders may only be called by our Board of Directors, chairman or chief executive officer. 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, in order for any matter to be considered properly brought before a meeting, a stockholder must comply with requirements regarding advance notice to us. These provisions could delay until the next stockholders meeting stockholder actions which are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. These provisions may also discourage another person or entity from making a tender offer for our common stock, because such person or entity, even if it acquired a majority of our outstanding voting securities, would be able to take action as a stockholder (such as electing new directors or approving a merger) only at a duly called stockholders meeting, and not by written consent. 
 The Delaware General Corporation Law provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote on any matter is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws requires a greater percentage. Under our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, any amendment or repeal of the bylaws by the stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the shares of our capital stock then outstanding and entitled to vote in the election of directors. The vote of at least 66 2 3 of the shares of our capital stock then outstanding and entitled to vote in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, will be required to amend or repeal any provision of our certificate of incorporation pertaining to the Board of Directors, limitation of liability, indemnification, stockholder action or amendments to our certificate of incorporation. In addition, our certificate of incorporation permits our Board of Directors to amend or repeal our bylaws by a majority vote. 
 
 112247070v4 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-14.1>
 3
 exhibit141_jointcodeofethi.htm
 EX-14.1

Document 
 Exhibit 14.1 

 OAKTREE GARDENS OLP, LLC 
 OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND CODE OF ETHICS 
 I. INTRODUCTION 
 This Code of Ethics (the Code has been adopted pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Under Rule 17j-1, which applies to BDCs pursuant to Section 59 of the Investment Company Act, each Company must adopt a code designed to prevent conduct that may be contrary to the interests of each Company or of its stockholders. This Code is intended to foster a culture of honesty and accountability. 
 The main purpose of the Code is to establish standards and procedures for the detection and prevention of activities by which persons having knowledge of the investments and investment intentions of a Company may abuse their fiduciary duty to the Company and to otherwise deal with the types of conflict of interest situations to which Rule 17j-1 is addressed. 
 The Code is based on the principle that (i) the directors and officers of a Company and (ii) the Adviser owe a fiduciary duty to the Company and accordingly have an obligation to ensure that the personnel of the Company and the Adviser conduct their personal securities transactions in a manner that does not interfere with the Company s transactions or otherwise take unfair advantage of their relationship with the Company and that business development company personnel should not take inappropriate advantage of their positions. All Access Persons and Related Persons (as defined below) are expected to adhere to this general principle as well as to comply with all of the specific provisions of this Code that are applicable to them. Access Persons may also be subject to the code of ethics of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P Oaktree and must comply with all applicable provisions of that code of ethics in addition to the provisions of this Code. The Oaktree code of ethics applies to Oaktree s affiliated advisers, including the Adviser, and all references herein to the Adviser s code of ethics shall be deemed to be references to Oaktree s code of ethics. 
 Technical compliance with the Code will not automatically insulate an Access Person from scrutiny of transactions that show a pattern of compromise or abuse of the individual s fiduciary duty to a Company. Accordingly, all Access Persons must seek to avoid any actual or potential conflicts between their personal interests and the interests of a Company and its stockholders. 
 All Access Persons must read and retain this Code of Ethics. 
 II. DEFINITIONS 
 Access Person means an Advisory Person (as defined below) of a Company or of the Adviser. All of the Adviser s directors, officers and partners are presumed to be Access Persons. All of a Company s directors and officers are presumed to be Access Persons. 
 
 OCSL Code of Ethics.docx 

Advisory Person means (a) any director, officer, general partner or employee (including interns and temporary personnel with assignments of 90 days or more) of a Company or of the Adviser, or of any company in a Control (as defined below) relationship to a Company or to the Adviser, who in connection with his or her regular functions or duties makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase or sale of any security by a Company, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendation with respect to such purchases or sales and (b) any natural person in a Control relationship to a Company or to the Adviser, who obtains information concerning recommendations made to a Company with regard to the purchase or sale of any security by a Company. 
 Beneficial ownership of a security refers to when an Access Person or any Related Person to the Access Person who directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares a direct or indirect pecuniary interest in the security, even though title is in another name i.e. , when such a person has the opportunity, directly or indirectly, to profit or share in any profit derived from a transaction in such security). 
 Board of Directors or Board means the board of directors of a Company. 
 Chief Compliance Officer means the chief compliance officer of a Company. 
 Control means the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a company, unless such power is solely the result of an official position with such company. Any person who beneficially owns, either directly or through one or more controlled companies, more than 25 of the voting securities of a company shall be presumed to control such company. Any person who does not so own more than 25 of the voting securities of any company shall be presumed not to control such company. A natural person shall be presumed not to be a controlled person. 
 Designated Broker is an approved brokerage firm for brokerage accounts of Access Personal and their Related Persons. A list of Designated Brokers is maintained by Oaktree. 
 Exempt Securities are the following securities and any associated transactions and are considered exempt from the requirements referenced in Section V of this Code 
 Direct obligations of the U.S. government i.e. , Treasury securities) 
 Bank certificates of deposit 
 Bankers acceptances 
 Commercial paper 
 High-quality, short-term debt obligations, including repurchase agreements 
 Money market funds 
 Open-end mutual funds, except those open-end mutual funds for which the Adviser acts as investment manager or sub-adviser 
 Unit investments trusts that are invested exclusively in one or more open-end mutual funds, except interests in those open-end mutual funds for which the Adviser acts as investment manager or sub-adviser and 
 Interests in any private investment fund, co-investment vehicle or other collective investment vehicle, in each case for which the Adviser acts, directly or indirectly, 
 2 
 OCSL Code of Ethics.docx 

as general partner, manager, managing member, discretionary manager, investment manager or investment adviser. 
 Securities transactions on behalf of an Access Person or Related Person for an account over which the Access Person or Related Person has no direct or indirect influence or control e.g. , those done through a managed account or blind trust) 
 
 Independent Director means a director of a Company who is not an interested person of the Company within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act. 
 Related Person of an Access Person includes the following (a) a husband, wife, domestic partner or a minor child of the Access Person (b) a relative sharing the same house as the Access Person (c) any other person who is significantly dependent on the Access Person for financial support and (d) anyone else if the Access Person (i) obtains benefits substantially equivalent to ownership of the securities, (ii) can obtain ownership of the securities immediately or within 60 days or (iii) can vote or dispose of the securities. 
 Reportable Securities are the following securities and any associated transactions and are exempt from preclearance and Holding period, but not the reporting requirements described in Section V of this Code 
 Basket Instruments 
 U.S. municipal bonds, excluding bonds issued by U.S. territories 
 U.S. government agency obligations 
 Debt obligations i.e. , sovereign state and provincial (municipal) debt) issued by G7 governments, excluding those issued by the U.S. government 
 Non-U.S. government savings bonds 
 Auction-rate money market instruments 
 Open-end investment companies not registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
 Futures and options on currencies e.g. , foreign exchange (FX) derivatives) 
 Non-financial commodities e.g. , pork belly contracts) 
 Interest rate swaps 
 Involuntary transactions i.e. , assignment of an option position or exercise of an option at expiration, mandatory tender offers) 
 Securities purchased through the reinvestment of dividends in an automatic dividend reinvestment plan (but not the investment of additional amounts under such plans) 
 Securities purchases effected pursuant to an automatic investment plan and 
 Security purchases effected upon the exercise of rights issued by the issuer pro rata to all holders of a class of its Securities. 
 
 SEC means the Unites States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Security Held or to Be Acquired by a Company means (a) any security, except an Exempt Security, which, within the most recent 15 days (i) is or has been held by the Company or (ii) is being or has been considered by the Company or the Adviser for purchase by the 
 3 
 OCSL Code of Ethics.docx 

Company and (b) any option to purchase or sell a security, and any security convertible into or exchangeable for a security, described in clause (a) herein. 
 III. STANDARDS OF CONDUCT FOR ACCESS PERSONS 
 An Access Person may not engage in any investment transaction, directly or indirectly, under circumstances in which the Access Person benefits from or interferes with the purchase or sale of investments by a Company. Access Persons must pay strict attention to potential conflicts of interests, avoiding them if possible and disclosing them and dealing with them appropriately when the conflict is unavoidable or inherent in a Company s business. In addition, Access Persons may not use information concerning the investments or investment intentions of a Company, or their ability to influence such investment intentions, for personal gain or in a manner detrimental to the interests of the Company. 
 Access Persons may not engage in conduct that is deceitful, fraudulent or manipulative, or that involves false or misleading statements, in connection with the purchase or sale of investments by a Company. In this regard, Access Persons should recognize that Rule 17j-1 makes it unlawful for any affiliated person of a Company, or any affiliated person of the Adviser, in connection with the purchase or sale, directly or indirectly, by the person of a Security Held or to Be Acquired by the Company to 
 employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud the Company 
 make any untrue statement of a material fact to the Company or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made to the Company, in light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading 
 engage in any act, practice or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit on the Company or 
 engage in any manipulative practice with respect to the Company. 
 Any questions about how this Code should be applied in a particular situation should be directed to the Chief Compliance Officer. Access Persons are also encouraged to talk to appropriate supervisors, managers or other appropriate personnel when in doubt about the best course of action in a particular situation. The Chief Compliance Officer has been designated with the responsibility to explain and implement this Code for a Company and all Access Persons. 
 IV. INSIDER TRADING 
 Trading in the stock, bonds or other securities of a company by a person who is aware of material, non-public information about that company may be considered insider trading. Information is material if a reasonable investor would consider such information important in a decision to buy, hold or sell the securities. Information is non-public until it has been broadly disclosed to the marketplace and the marketplace has had time to absorb the information. Examples of adequate disclosure include public filings with the SEC and the issuance of press releases. 
 
 4 
 OCSL Code of Ethics.docx 

Insider trading and the sharing of material, non-public information with any other person who then trades in securities or passes the information on further (called tipping is illegal. The personal consequences of insider trading or tipping can be severe and include possible imprisonment and significant fines. Individuals who involve themselves in insider trading or tipping may be subject to immediate termination. 
 Each Company s Securities Trading Policy is available on Oaktree s intranet, and the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee is available to respond to questions regarding the sale or purchase of a Company s securities or of any other company s publicly traded stock, bonds or other securities. 
 V. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 
 Unless excepted by sub-section B of this Section V, all Access Persons are subject to the below itemized reporting requirements. 
 A. Reports 
 Quarterly Reports . All Access Persons must file with a Company quarterly reports of personal investment transactions by the 30th day of January, April, July and October i.e. , by the thirtieth day following the end of the calendar quarter). The quarterly reports must include all personal investment transactions in securities, other than Exempt Securities, in which an Access Person has any direct or indirect beneficial ownership and which were conducted during the respective calendar quarter. The quarterly report must also include the personal investment transactions of the Access Person s Related Persons which were conducted during the respective calendar quarter. For purposes of the quarterly transaction reporting, the reporting Access Person shall complete a form of report prepared by a Company or the Adviser which contains all the information required by Rule 17j-1. 
 Every Access Person must file a quarterly report when due even if such person and or their Related Persons made no purchases or sales of securities during the period covered by the report. Access Persons are charged with the responsibility for making their quarterly reports. 
 Initial Holdings Reports. Within 10 days of becoming an Access Person, all Access Persons must provide an initial holdings report to include a listing of all securities, other than Exempt Securities, in which the Access Person has any direct or indirect beneficial ownership. The initial holdings report must also include the holdings of the Access Person s Related Persons. The information in the initial holdings report must be current as of a date no more than 45 days prior to the date the person became an Access Person. The initial holdings report should show all securities held in an Access Person s brokerage accounts and the brokerage accounts of an Access Person s Related Persons. For purposes of the initial holdings reporting, the reporting Access Person shall complete a form of report prepared by each Company or the Adviser which contains all the information required by Rule 17j-1. 
 
 5 
 OCSL Code of Ethics.docx 

Annual Reports . In addition to the quarterly report due by the 30th day in January, all Access Persons must complete an annual holdings report. This annual report must include a listing of all securities, other than Exempt Securities, in which the Access Person has any direct or indirect beneficial ownership. The information in the annual report must be current as of a date no more than 45 days preceding the filing date of the annual report. The annual report should show all securities, other than Exempt Securities, held in an Access Person s brokerage accounts and in the brokerage accounts of an Access Person s Related Persons or held elsewhere i.e. , physical securities, private placements, partnership interests, etc.). For purposes of the annual holdings reporting, the reporting Access Person shall complete a form of report prepared by a Company or the Adviser which contains all the information required by Rule 17j-1. 
 Broker Statements and Trade Confirmations . All Access Persons and their Related Persons must maintain their brokerage accounts with a Designated Broker, unless an exception has been granted by the Chief Compliance Officer. All new Access Persons or Related Persons will have specific timeframes during which to close or transfer their brokerage accounts to a Designated Broker. 
 The Chief Compliance Officer will direct brokers of accounts in which the Access Person or a Related Person has a beneficial interest to supply a Company, on a timely basis, duplicate copies of trade confirmations and periodic broker account statements (or relevant data). 
 Access Persons must provide a list of all their brokerage accounts (including those of any Related Persons and those over which the Access Person does not have any direct or indirect influence or control) to a Company upon becoming an Access Person. An Access Person must also promptly notify a Company of any new or terminated accounts thereafter. 
 The reports required to be submitted under this section shall be delivered to the Chief Compliance Officer. The Chief Compliance Officer shall review such reports to determine whether any transactions recorded therein constitute a violation of the Code. Before making any determination that a violation has been committed by any Access Person, such Access Person shall be given an opportunity to supply additional explanatory material. The Chief Compliance Officer shall maintain copies of the reports as required by Rule 17j-1(f). 
 B. Exceptions to Reporting Requirements 
 Access Person with No Influence or Control . An Access Person is not required to file an initial holdings report, a quarterly transaction report or an annual holdings report for transactions effected for, or holdings in, any account over which the Access Person does not have any direct or indirect influence or control e.g. , managed accounts or blind trusts). 
 Independent Directors . An Independent Director of a Company who would be required to make a report pursuant to sub-section A of this Section V solely by reason of being a 
 6 
 OCSL Code of Ethics.docx 

director of a Company is not required to make an initial holdings report or an annual holdings report, and is only required to make a quarterly transaction report if the Independent Director, at the time of the transaction, knew or, in the ordinary course of fulfilling the Independent Director s official duties as a director of a Company, should have known that (i) the Company has engaged in a transaction in the same security within the last 15 days or is engaging or going to engage in a transaction in the same security within the next 15 days, or (ii) the Company or the Adviser has within the last 15 days considered a transaction by the Company in the same security or is considering a transaction by the Company in the same security or within the next 15 days is going to consider a transaction by the Company in the same security. The Independent Director of a Company is also not subject to the brokerage statement and trade confirmation requirements . 
 Access Person covered by the Adviser s code of ethics. Notwithstanding the reporting requirements set forth in sub-section A of this Section V, an Access Person who is also an Access Person of Oaktree (as defined in Oaktree s code of ethics) need not make an initial holdings report, a quarterly transaction report or an annual holdings report if all of the information required by the reports was provided pursuant to Oaktree s code of ethics and would duplicate information required to be recorded pursuant to this Code. 
 VI. ANNUAL CERTIFICATIONS TO A COMPANY 
 A. Initial and Annual Certifications . All Access Persons are required to certify that they have read and understand this Code and recognize that they are subject to the provisions hereof and will comply with the policy and procedures stated herein. Further, all Access Persons are required to certify annually that they have complied with the requirements of this Code and that they have reported all personal securities transactions required to be disclosed or reported pursuant to the requirements of such policies. 
 B. Board Review . Each Company and the Adviser shall prepare an annual written report to the Board of Directors each year that shall 
 summarize existing procedures concerning personal investing, including pre-clearance policies and the monitoring of personal investment activity after pre-clearance has been granted, and any changes in the procedures during the past year 
 describe any issues arising under this Code or the Adviser s code of ethics or its procedures since the last report to the Board of Directors including, but not limited to, information about any material violations of this Code or the Adviser s code of ethics or its procedures and any sanctions imposed during the past year 
 identify any recommended changes in existing restrictions or procedures based upon experience under this Code or the Adviser s code of ethics, evolving industry practice or developments in applicable laws and regulations 
 
 7 
 OCSL Code of Ethics.docx 

contain such other information, observations and recommendations as deemed relevant by a Company or the Adviser and 
 certify that a Company and the Adviser have each adopted a code of ethics with procedures reasonably necessary to prevent Access Persons from violating the provisions of Rule 17j-1(b) or this Code. 
 VII. CONFIDENTIALITY 
 No Access Person shall reveal to any other person any information regarding securities transactions by a Company or consideration by a Company or the Adviser of any such securities transaction. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, but subject to compliance with the Policies and Procedures for Compliance with Regulation FD of the Companies, such Access Person may dispense such information without obtaining prior written approval 
 (a) when there is a public report containing the same information 
 (b) when such information is dispensed in accordance with compliance procedures established to prevent conflicts of interest between a Company and its affiliates 
 (c) when such information is reported to directors of a Company or 
 (d) in the ordinary course of his or her duties on behalf of a Company. 
 All information obtained from any Access Person hereunder shall be kept in strict confidence, except that reports of securities transactions hereunder will be made available to the SEC or any other regulatory or self-regulatory organization to the extent required by law or regulation. 
 VIII. REPORTING A CODE VIOLATION 
 If any director, officer, partner or employee of a Company or the Adviser becomes aware of violations or suspected violations of this Code or of applicable laws, rules or regulations relating to a Company s operations, he or she must promptly report them in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Company s Whistleblower Policy, which is available on Oaktree s intranet. 
 IX. RECORDKEEPING 
 Each Company or the Adviser, as applicable, shall maintain at its principal place of business and in an easily accessible place (a) a copy of each code of ethics that was in effect at any time during the past five years (b) a record of any violation of the Code, and of any action taken as a result of the violation, for at least five years after the end of the fiscal year in which the violation occurs (c) a copy of each initial holdings report, quarterly transaction report or annual holdings report, including any information provided in lieu of such reports, made by an Access Person pursuant to this Code for at least five years after the end of the fiscal year in which the report was made or the information provided (d) a record of all persons who were considered to be Access Persons during the past five years (e) a copy of each annual report to a Company s Board of Directors for at least five years after the report was made, for at least the first two years in an easily accessible place and (f) a record of any pre-approvals of investments by Access Persons in private placements during the preceding five years. These records must be 
 8 
 OCSL Code of Ethics.docx 

made available to the SEC or any representative of the SEC at any time for reasonable periodic, special or other examinations. 
 X. WAIVERS 
 Any waiver of this Code for executive officers or directors may be made only by a Company s Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors. To the extent required, any such waiver shall be promptly disclosed in accordance with applicable rules and regulations (including NASDAQ Stock Market Rules). 
 XI. NOTIFICATION OF REPORTING OBLIGATION AND REVIEW OF REPORTS 
 Each Access Person shall receive a copy of this Code and be notified of his or her reporting obligations. All reports shall be timely submitted by Access Persons to a Company in accordance with this Code. 
 XII. IMPLEMENTATION 
 A Company may cause any of the reporting, oversight or other functions under this Code, and any procedures adopted to prevent Access Persons from violating this Code, to be implemented jointly with the Adviser in a manner deemed by the Chief Compliance Officer to be consistent with the requirements of this Code and Rule 17j-1. This may include, without limitation, establishing combined procedures and documentation for the pre-clearance of personal investment transactions and combined certifications by Access Persons (or any subset of Access Persons) that they have complied with the requirements of this Code and the Adviser s code of ethics. In addition, the Chief Compliance Officer may delegate to one or more officers of a Company or the Adviser any responsibility, authority or function of the Chief Compliance Officer under this Code. 
 XIII. SANCTIONS 
 Upon discovering a violation of this Code, the Board of Directors may impose any sanctions it deems appropriate, including the issuance of a letter of censure against any director, officer or employee of a Company or the suspension or termination of any officer or employee of a Company, or recommend any sanction it deems appropriate to the Adviser for any violations of this Code by its Access Persons. Any Board member to which a violation of this Code relates must recuse himself or herself from any discussion or decision with respect to the handling and or imposition of sanctions regarding such violation. 
 XIV. ADOPTION AND APPROVAL OF CODES OF ETHICS 
 Each Company s Board of Directors, including a majority of its Independent Directors, must approve this Code and the Adviser s code of ethics. The Board of Directors must approve any material change to this Code or the Adviser s code of ethics no later than six months after the adoption of such change. Before approving this Code and Oaktree s code of ethics, each Company s Board of Directors must receive from each of the Company and Oaktree, a certification that a Company or the Adviser, as applicable, has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent Access Persons from violating this Code or the Adviser s code of ethics. 
 9 
 OCSL Code of Ethics.docx 

Each Company s Board of Directors must approve the Adviser s code of ethics before initially retaining services of the Adviser as a Company s investment adviser. 
 Last updated October 2023 

10 
 OCSL Code of Ethics.docx 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-19.1>
 4
 exhibit191_insidertradingp.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 
 Exhibit 19.1 

 OAKTREE GARDENS OLP, LLC 
 OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 I. GENERAL 
 Each of Oaktree Gardens OLP, LLC, Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation and Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund and their subsidiaries (each, a Company , and collectively, the Companies ), and each of their respective directors, officers and employees, including interns and temporary personnel with assignments of 90 days or more and officers, employees and interns and temporary personnel with assignments of 90 days or more of Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC, each Company s investment adviser (the Adviser ), who spend some or all of their time assisting with a Company s operations (collectively, with respect to the applicable Company, Access Persons ), and household and immediate family members of Access Persons of the applicable Company Related Persons must, at all times, comply with the securities laws of the United States and all applicable jurisdictions (together, Access Persons and Related Persons are referred to herein as Insiders ). This Policy concerns compliance as it pertains to the disclosure of material, non-public information regarding each Company or another company and to trading in securities while in possession of such information. This Policy is intended to protect Access Persons, Related Persons and each Company from insider trading violations. However, the matters set forth in this Policy are guidelines only and are not intended to replace your responsibility to understand and comply with the legal prohibition on insider trading. Appropriate judgment should be exercised in connection with all securities trading. In view of the sensitivity of the issues dealt with in this Policy, it is important to avoid even the appearance of impropriety. If you have specific questions regarding this Policy or applicable law, please contact the Chief Compliance Officer of a Company (the Chief Compliance Officer ). 
 II. INSIDER TRADING 
 Federal securities laws prohibit trading in the securities of a company on the basis of inside information. These transactions are commonly known as insider trading . It is also illegal to recommend to others (commonly called tipping that they buy or sell the securities to which such information relates. Anyone violating these laws is subject to personal liability and could face criminal penalties, including a jail term. Federal securities law also creates a strong incentive for a Company to deter insider trading by its employees. In the normal course of business, Access Persons may come into possession of information concerning a Company, transactions in which a Company proposes to engage or other entities with which a Company does business. Therefore, each Company has established this Policy with respect to trading in its securities or securities of another entity. Any violation of this Policy could subject you to disciplinary action, up to and including termination. 
 III. STATEMENT OF POLICY ON INSIDER TRADING 
 No Insider may buy or sell (i) securities of a Company, including but not limited to shares of a Company s common stock, or (ii) derivative instruments in respect of a Company s 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

securities (collectively, Company Securities at any time when the Insider has material, non-public information concerning the Company. This prohibition continues whenever and for as long as the Insider knows material, non-public information. 
 No Insider may disclose material, non-public information to any other person (including family members) except in accordance with the Adviser s policies and procedures regarding the handling of such information. In addition, Insiders should take care before trading on the recommendation of others to ensure that the recommendation is not the result of an illegal tip . 
 No Insider who receives or has access to a Company s material, non-public information may comment on stock price movements or rumors of other Company developments (including discussions in Internet chat rooms that are of possible significance to the investing public unless it is part of the Insider s job (such as investor relations) or the Insider has been specifically authorized by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or the Chief Operating Officer of the Company in each instance. If you inadvertently comment on stock price movements or rumors or disclose material, non-public information to a third party you must contact the Chief Compliance Officer immediately. In addition, it is generally the practice of each Company not to respond to inquiries and or rumors concerning the Company s affairs, including with respect to any potential change to the Company s dividend rate, earnings or capital structure, repurchase or distribution of the Company s securities or acquisitions, divestitures or similar transactions. If you receive inquiries concerning a Company from the media or inquiries from securities analysts or other members of the financial community, you should refer such inquiries, without comment, to the Adviser s Investor Relations Department. 
 IV. DEFINED TERMS 
 A. What is a Security 
 The term security or securities is defined very broadly by the securities laws and includes stock (common and preferred) and other equity securities, stock options, warrants, bonds, notes, debentures, convertible instruments, put or call options (i.e., exchange-traded options), or other similar instruments. 
 B. What is Material Information 
 Information is material when a reasonable investor would consider it important in deciding whether to buy, sell or hold a security. Dividend changes earnings results changes in previously released earnings estimates significant merger or acquisition proposals or agreements investments, joint ventures or changes in assets the gain or loss of a significant client restructuring or layoffs changes in auditors major litigation liquidity problems and extraordinary management developments are some examples of information that could be considered material. Information that is likely to affect the price of a company s securities is almost always material. Courts often resolve close cases in favor of finding the information material. Therefore, you should err on the side of caution. You should keep in mind that the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC provide that the mere fact that a person is aware of the information is a bar to trading. 
 2 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

C. What is Non-Public Information 
 For the purpose of this Policy, information is Non-Public until three criteria have been satisfied 
 First, the information must have been widely disseminated. Insiders should assume that information has NOT been widely disseminated unless one or more of the following has occurred 
 it has appeared in a filing with the SEC. 
 it has been carried in a financial news service such as PR Newswire or Business Wire 
 it has been carried in a general news service such as the Associated Press and or 
 it has been carried by a national television news service. 
 Second, the information disseminated must be some form of official announcement. In other words, the fact that rumors, speculation or statements attributed to unidentified sources are public is insufficient even when the information is accurate. 
 Third, after the information has been disseminated, a period of time must pass sufficient for the information to be assimilated by the general public. 
 V. PRE-CLEARANCE PROCEDURES FOR TRADING IN COMPANY SECURITIES 
 These procedures apply to all Insiders, except for certain persons specified by the Chief Compliance Officer who (i) do not devote substantially all working time to the activities of a Company and (ii) do not have access to information about the day-to-day investment activities of a Company (hereinafter referred to as Restricted Persons ). For the avoidance of doubt, Restricted Persons include all persons who are subject to the filing requirements under Section 16 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (hereinafter referred to as Section 16 Persons ). 
 No Restricted Person may trade in Company Securities without first obtaining preclearance by the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee. To obtain preclearance, Restricted Persons must complete and submit a preclearance request within the Adviser s automated personal trading system. Restricted Persons must wait until they receive approval through such personal trading system or directly from an Approving Officer before entering into a trade. Restricted Persons will be required to make certain certifications each time a request for pre-approval is made, including that they have no knowledge that would cause the trade to violate the general trading principles set forth above. Section 16 Persons must also notify the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee about the planned date of a trade to ensure timely filing of any report required under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 3 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

In addition to the preclearance requirements enumerated above, Restricted Persons may not enter into a short sale transaction or transactions in puts, calls or other derivative securities, on an exchange or in any other organized market, with respect of Company Securities or use any other derivative transaction or instrument to take a short position in respect of Company Securities. Further, all Restricted Persons must hold any purchased Company Securities for at least 60 days prior to disposing of such Company Securities. This means, for example, that no Restricted Person may purchase Company Securities and then sell those Company Securities within 60 calendar days. 
 The sole exception to this preclearance requirement is if the transaction is pursuant to a pre-existing written plan or arrangement complying with Rule 10b5-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act and approved in advance by the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Approval for transactions and pledges of Company Securities will generally be granted only during a Window Period (described below) and the transaction may only be performed during the Window Period in which the approval was granted and in any event within two business days from the date of approval. Restricted Persons must comply with these pre-clearance requirements for six months after the termination of their status as a Restricted Person. 
 A. Window Periods 
 Each Company has established four windows of time during the fiscal year when a Request for Prior Approval of Personal Investment Transactions with respect to Company Securities may be approved and transactions and pledges may be performed Window Periods ). Each Window Period begins no earlier than the second trading day on the NASDAQ Stock Market after the day on which a Company makes a public news release or an SEC filing of its quarterly or annual earnings for the prior fiscal quarter or year. That same Window Period closes on the 15th of the last month of a Company s then-current fiscal quarter, or if the 15th of the last month of a Company s then-current fiscal quarter is not a trading day, then the first trading day immediately prior thereto. The window will be deemed closed in accordance with the foregoing unless such dates are specifically changed in a written notice from the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee. After the close of the Window Period, Restricted Persons may not purchase, sell or otherwise dispose of any Company Securities. The prohibition against trading while aware of, or tipping of, material, non-public information applies even during a Window Period. For example, if during a Window Period, a material acquisition or divestiture is pending or a forthcoming publication in the financial press may affect the relevant securities market, no Insider may trade in Company Securities. You must consult the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee whenever you are in doubt. 
 In addition, the prohibition against trading will not restrict the purchase or sale of a Company s securities to or from the Company any time the Company is engaging in an offering of such securities or a repurchase of such securities. For example, if Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund is offering for sale its common stock it is presumed that an insider may purchase such common stock in such offering. 
 4 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

B. Suspension of Trading 
 From time to time, a Company may require that directors, officers, selected employees and or others suspend trading in Company Securities because of developments that have not yet been disclosed to the public (a Suspension Period ). All those affected shall not trade in Company Securities while the Suspension Period is in effect, and shall not disclose to others that a Suspension Period has been instituted . Though these Suspension Periods generally will arise because a Company is involved in a highly-sensitive transaction, they may be declared for any reason. If a Company declares a Suspension Period to which you are subject, the Chief Compliance Officer or his designee will notify you when it begins and ends. 
 C. Notification of Window Periods 
 In order to assist you in complying with this Policy, a Company will deliver an e-mail (or other communication) notifying all Restricted Persons when the Window Period has opened and when the Window Period is about to close. A Company s delivery or non-delivery of these emails (or other communication) does not relieve you of your obligation to only trade in Company Securities in full compliance with this Policy. 
 D. Hardship Exemptions 
 You may request a hardship exemption for periods outside the Window Periods or during a blackout, as applicable, if you are not in possession of material, non-public information and are not otherwise prohibited from trading pursuant to this Policy or any applicable securities trading policies of the Adviser. Hardship exemptions are granted infrequently and only in exceptional circumstances. Any request for a hardship exemption should be made to the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 VI. 10B5-1 PLANS FOR TRADING IN COMPANY SECURITIES 
 A 10b5-1 trading plan is a binding, written contract between you and your broker that specifies the price, amount, and date of trades to be executed in your account in the future, or provides a formula or mechanism that your broker will follow. A 10b5-1 trading plan with respect to any Company Securities you hold can only be established when you do not possess material, non-public information. Therefore, Insiders cannot enter into these plans at any time when in possession of material, non-public information and, in addition, persons subject to the pre-clearance requirements of this Policy cannot enter into these plans outside of a Window Period. In addition, a 10b5-1 trading plan must not permit you to exercise any subsequent influence over how, when, or whether the purchases or sales are made and must be subject to certain cooling-offer periods before trades can commence, among other requirements. You have an affirmative defense against any claim by the SEC against you for insider trading if your trade was made under a 10b5-1 trading plan that you entered into when you were not aware of material, non-public information. The rules regarding 10b5-1 trading plans are complex and you must fully comply with them. You should consult with your legal advisor before proceeding. 
 Each Insider must pre-clear with the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee such Insider s proposed 10b5-1 trading plan with respect to any Company Securities they hold prior to the establishment of such plan. Each Company reserves the right in its sole direction to 
 5 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

withhold pre-clearance of any 10b5-1 trading plan. Notwithstanding any pre-clearance of a 10b5-1 trading plan, each Company assumes no liability for the consequences of any transaction made pursuant to such plan. 
 If you enter into a 10b5-1 trading plan, your 10b5-1 trading plan should be structured to avoid purchases or sales shortly before known announcements, such as quarterly or annual earnings announcements. Even though transactions executed in accordance with a properly formulated 10b5-1 trading plan are exempt from the insider trading rules, the trades may nonetheless occur at times shortly before we announce material news, and the investing public and media may not understand the nuances of trading pursuant to a 10b5-1 trading plan. This could result in negative publicity for you and a Company if the SEC or the NASDAQ Stock Market were to investigate your trades. 
 Any modification of a pre-approved 10b5-1 trading plan requires pre-approval by the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee. Such modification must occur before you become aware of any material, non-public information and must comply with the requirements of the rules regarding 10b5-1 trading plans and, if you are subject to Window Period restrictions, during a Window Period. 
 Transactions effected pursuant to a pre-cleared 10b5-1 trading plan will not require further pre-clearance at the time of the transaction if the plan specifies the dates, prices and amounts of the contemplated trades, or establishes a formula for determining the dates, prices and amounts. 
 Finally, if you are a Section 16 Person, 10b5-1 trading plans require special care. Because in a 10b5-1 trading plan you can specify conditions that trigger a purchase or sale, you may not even be aware that a transaction has taken place and you may not be able to comply with the SEC s requirement that you report your transaction within two business days after its execution. Therefore, for Section 16 Persons, a transaction executed according to a 10b5-1 trading plan is not permitted unless the 10b5-1 trading plan requires your broker to notify the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee before the close of business on the day after the execution of the transaction. 
 VII. ADDITIONAL PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS 
 The Adviser and each Company consider it improper and inappropriate for any Restricted Person to engage in short-term or speculative transactions in Company Securities. Therefore, Restricted Persons may not engage in any of the following transactions 
 A. Short-Term Trading. A director s, officer s or employee s short-term trading of Company Securities may be distracting to such person and may unduly focus such person on a Company s short-term stock market performance instead of the Company s long-term business objectives. For this reason, any Restricted Person who purchases Company Securities in the open market may not sell any Company Securities of the same class during the six months following the purchase. 
 B. Short Sales. Short sales of Company Securities evidence an expectation on the part of the seller that the securities will decline in value, and therefore signal to the market that the 
 6 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

seller has no confidence in a Company or its short-term prospects. In addition, short sales may reduce the seller s incentive to improve the Company s performance. For these reasons, short sales of the Company s securities are prohibited by this Policy. In addition, Section 16(c) of the Exchange Act prohibits directors and officers from engaging in short sales. 
 C. Publicly Traded Options. A transaction in options is, in effect, a bet on the short-term movement of a Company s stock and therefore creates the appearance that the Restricted Person is trading based on inside information. Transactions in options also may focus the Restricted Person s attention on short-term performance at the expense of a Company s long-term objectives. Accordingly, transactions in puts, calls or other derivative securities, on an exchange or in any other organized market, are prohibited by this Policy. Option positions arising from certain types of hedging transactions are governed by the section below captioned Hedging Transactions. 
 D. Margin Accounts and Pledges . Securities pledged in a margin account may be sold by the broker without the customer s consent if the customer fails to meet a margin call. Similarly, securities pledged (or hypothecated) as collateral for a loan may be sold in foreclosure if the borrower defaults on the loan. Because a margin sale or foreclosure sale may occur at a time when the pledgor is aware of material, non-public information or otherwise is not permitted to trade in Company Securities, Restricted Persons are prohibited from pledging Company Securities in a margin account or pledging Company Securities as collateral for a loan. An exception to this prohibition may be granted where a person clearly demonstrates the financial capacity to meet a margin call or repay the loan without resort to the pledged securities. Any Restricted Person who wishes to pledge Company Securities as collateral for a loan in a margin account must submit a request for approval to, and receive written approval from, the Chief Compliance Officer prior to taking the action so requested. The preapproval request must make it clear that the intent is to pledge or trade on margin. 
 VIII. POTENTIAL SANCTIONS 
 Each Insider is individually responsible for complying with the securities laws and this Policy, regardless of whether a Company has prohibited trading by that Insider or any other Insiders. Trading in Company Securities during the Window Periods and outside of any Suspension Periods should not be considered a safe harbor . We remind you that, whether or not a transaction is executed during a Window Period, or whether or not a transaction has been approved by a Company, you may not trade Company Securities on the basis of material, non-public information. You should also bear in mind that any proceeding alleging improper trading will necessarily occur after the trade has been completed and is particularly susceptible to second-guessing with the benefit of hindsight. Therefore, as a practical matter, before engaging in any transaction you should carefully consider how enforcement authorities and others might view the transaction in hindsight. 
 IX. LIABILITY AND POSSIBLE DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS 
 Any person who violates this Policy will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment for cause, whether or not the person s failure to comply results in a violation of law. A violation of law, or even an SEC investigation that does not result 
 7 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

in prosecution, can tarnish one s reputation and irreparably damage a career. Insiders, controlling persons (as described below) and a Company may be subject to civil penalties, criminal penalties and or jail for trading in securities when they have material, non-public information or for improper transactions by any person (commonly referred to as a tippee to whom they have disclosed material, non-public information, or to whom they have made recommendations or expressed opinions on the basis of such material, non-public information about trading securities. The SEC has imposed large penalties even when the disclosing person did not profit from the trading. The SEC, the stock exchanges and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority use sophisticated electronic surveillance techniques to uncover insider trading. 
 The securities laws provide that, in addition to sanctions against an individual who trades illegally, penalties may be assessed against what are known as controlling persons with respect to the violator. The term controlling person is not defined, but includes employers (i.e., a Company), its directors, officers and managerial and supervisory personnel. The concept is broader than what would normally be encompassed by a reporting chain. Individuals may be considered controlling persons with respect to any other individual whose behavior they have the power to influence. Liability can be imposed only if two conditions are met. First, it must be shown that the controlling person knew or recklessly disregarded the fact that a violation was likely. Second, it must be shown that the controlling person failed to take appropriate steps to prevent the violation from occurring. For this reason, a Company s controlling persons are directed to take appropriate steps to ensure that those they supervise, understand and comply with the requirements set forth in this Policy. 
 X. LEGAL EFFECT OF THIS POLICY 
 This Policy and the procedures that implement this Policy are not intended to serve as precise recitations of the legal prohibitions against insider trading and tipping which are highly complex, fact-specific and evolving. Certain of the procedures are designed to prevent even the appearance of impropriety and in some respects may be more restrictive than the securities laws. Therefore, these procedures are not intended to serve as a basis for establishing civil or criminal liability that would not otherwise exist. 
 
 Last updated October 2023 
 8 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT CONCERNING THE SECURITIES TRADING POLICY OF OAKTREE GARDENS OLP, LLC OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION AND OAKTREE STRATEGIC CREDIT FUND 
 If you are a Restricted Person as described in the policy, we ask that you acknowledge that you have received and read this Securities Trading Policy. A Company may ask you to re-submit this acknowledgement on an annual basis or whenever the Securities Trading Policy is significantly updated. 
 By my signature below, I acknowledge that I have read and received the applicable Company s Securities Trading Policy. 

Signature 
 Name (printed) 
 Date __________________________________ 
 
 9 
 OCSL Securities Trading Policy.docx 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit231_consentofindepe.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference of our reports dated November 13, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended September 30, 2023, into the Registration Statement (Form N-2, File No. 333-269628), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Los Angeles, CA 
 November 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ocsl-ex311_09302023x10xk.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 I, Armen Panossian, Chief Executive Officer of Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023 of Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 13 th day of November, 2023. 
 By s Armen Panossian Armen Panossian Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ocsl-ex312_09302023x10xk.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 I, Christopher McKown, Chief Financial Officer of Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023 of Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 13 th day of November, 2023. 
 
 By s Christopher McKown Christopher McKown 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ocsl-ex321_09302023x10xk.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023 (the Report of Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Armen Panossian , the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 s Armen Panossian Name Armen Panossian Date November 13, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ocsl-ex322_09302023x10xk.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023 (the Report of Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Christopher McKown , the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 s Christopher McKown Name Christopher McKown Date November 13, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 10
 exhibit971_clawbackpolicy.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 
 Exhibit 97.1 

 OAKTREE SPECIALTY LENDING CORPORATION 
 CLAWBACK POLICY 
 I. PURPOSE 
 The Board of Directors (the Board of Oaktree Specialty Lending Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes integrity and accountability. The Board has therefore adopted this policy which provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation if the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities laws (this Policy ). This Policy is designed to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the rules promulgated thereunder, and the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 
 II. COVERED EXECUTIVES 
 This Policy applies to the Company s current and former executive officers (as determined by the Board in accordance with Section 10D of the Exchange Act, the rules promulgated thereunder, and the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC) and such other senior executives employees who may from time to time be deemed subject to this Policy by the Board Covered Executives ). 
 III. RECOUPMENT 
 If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws (as defined in Section 10D), including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (each an Accounting Restatement ), the Board will require reimbursement or forfeiture of the Overpayment (as defined below) received by any Covered Executive from the Company during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement and any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years. 
 Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation that is granted to, earned by, or received by, a Covered Executive, based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a financial reporting measure, including (i) non-equity incentive plan awards that are earned solely or in part by satisfying a financial reporting measure performance goal (ii) bonuses paid from a bonus pool, where the size of the pool is determined solely or in part by satisfying a financial reporting measure performance goal (iii) other cash awards based on satisfaction of a financial reporting measure performance goal (iv) restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock options, stock appreciation rights, and performance share units that are granted or vest solely or in part on satisfying a financial reporting measure performance goal and (v) proceeds from the sale of 

shares acquired through an incentive plan that were granted or vested solely or in part on satisfying a financial reporting measure performance goal. Compensation that would not be considered Incentive-Based Compensation includes (a) salaries (b) bonuses paid solely on satisfying subjective standards (c) non-equity incentive plan awards earned solely on satisfying strategic or operational measures (d) wholly time-based equity awards and (e) discretionary bonuses or other compensation that is not paid from a bonus pool that is determined by satisfying a financial reporting measure performance goal. 
 A financial reporting measure is (i) any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing financial statements, or any measure derived wholly or in part from such measure, such as revenues, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), or net income, and (ii) stock price and total stockholder return. Financial reporting measures include net assets or net asset value per share revenues net income operating income profitability of one or more reportable segments financial ratios EBITDA funds from operations and adjusted funds from operations liquidity measures return measures earnings measures any of such financial reporting measures relative to a peer group, where the Company s financial reporting measure is subject to an accounting restatement and tax basis income. 
 
 The amount to be recovered will be equal to the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation received from the Company that is in excess of the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been received from the Company had the Incentive-Based Compensation been determined based on the restated financial statements, and must be computed without regard to any taxes paid (the Overpayment ). Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed received in the Company s fiscal period during which the financial reporting measure specified in the incentive-based compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the incentive-based compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total stockholder return, where the amount of erroneously awarded compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the Accounting Restatement, the amount must be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total stockholder return upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was received and the Company must maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 
 The Board will determine, in its sole discretion, the method for recouping Overpayment hereunder which may include, without limitation 
 requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive-Based Compensation previously paid 
 seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based awards 
 offsetting the recouped amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive 
 cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards and or 
 2 

taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Board. 
 
 The right to recovery will be limited to Overpayments paid or distributed during the three years prior to the date on which the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement and any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years. In no event shall the Company be required to award any Covered Executives any additional payment if the restated or accurate financial results would have resulted in a higher Incentive-Based Compensation payment. 
 The Board shall recover any Overpayment in accordance with this Policy except to the extent that the Board determines such recovery would be impracticable because 
 (i) The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered 
 (ii) Recovery would violate home country law where that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022 or 
 (iii) Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 
 IV. OTHER RECOUPMENT RIGHTS 
 The Board intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Board may require that any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company. 
 V. ADMINISTRATION 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Board. Any determinations made by the Board shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. This Policy shall be effective as of October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date and shall apply to Incentive-Based Compensation (including Incentive-Based Compensation granted but not yet received as of the Effective Date pursuant to arrangements existing prior to the Effective Date). 
 The Board is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules or standards adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 
 3 

VI. NO INDEMNIFICATION 
 The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executives against the loss of any incorrectly awarded Incentive-Based Compensation. 
 VII. AMENDMENT TERMINATION 
 The Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect final rules or additional standards adopted by The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. The Board may terminate this Policy at any time. 
 VIII. SUCCESSORS 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 
 
 4 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ocsl-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ocsl-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 ocsl-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 ocsl-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 ocsl-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

