<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231114_10-K_edgar_data_1048695_0001048695-23-000039.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12292305</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>606564</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2384122</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4343386</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2495377</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2207004</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001048695-23-000039.hdr.sgml : 20231114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231114163017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001048695-23-000039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			F5, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001048695
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3576]
		IRS NUMBER:				911714307
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26041
		FILM NUMBER:		231406934

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 5TH AVENUE
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2062725555

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 5TH AVENUE
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	F5 NETWORKS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190625

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	F5 NETWORKS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990308

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	F5 LABS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001048695-23-000039.txt : 20231114

10-K
 1
 ffiv-20230930.htm
 10-K

ffiv-20230930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated Filer 
 Non-accelerated Filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements 
 of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of March 31, 2023, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was based on the closing sales price of the Registrant s common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on that date. 
 As of November 7, 2023, the number of shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 . 

Table of Contents 

 F5, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2023 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 Item 2. Properties 
 29 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6. [R eserved] 
 33 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 79 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 80 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 80 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 81 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 81 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 81 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 81 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 81 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 82 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 82 
 SIGNATURES 
 85 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our plans, objectives, expectations, strategies, intentions or other characterizations of future events or circumstances and are generally identified by the words expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates, and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current information and expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors below and in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to revise or update any such forward-looking statements. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms F5, the Company, we, us, and our refer to F5, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Our fiscal year ends on September 30, and fiscal years are referred to by the calendar year in which they end. For example, fiscal year 2023 and fiscal 2023 refer to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 

Item 1. Business 
 General 
 F5 is a multi-cloud application services and security provider committed to bringing a better digital world to life. F5 partners with the world s largest, most advanced organizations to optimize and secure every application and Application Programming Interface API anywhere, including on-premises, in the cloud, or at the edge. F5 enables organizations to provide exceptional, secure digital experiences for their customers and continuously stay ahead of threats. 
 Our application security and delivery solutions are available in a range of deployment and consumption models. We sell packaged software in perpetual, subscription and usage-based consumption models. We also sell our solutions in software-as-a-service SaaS and managed services deployment models with subscription and usage-based consumption models. In addition we sell high-performance systems, as well as a broad range of global services including maintenance, consulting, training and other technical support services. 
 Our customers include large enterprise businesses, public sector institutions, governments, and service providers. We conduct our business globally and manage our business by geography. Our business is organized into three primary geographic regions: Americas; Europe, the Middle East, and Africa EMEA and the Asia Pacific region APAC ). 
 F5 was incorporated on February 26, 1996 in the state of Washington. Our headquarters is in Seattle, Washington, and our mailing address is 801 5th Avenue, Seattle, Washington 98104-1663. The telephone number at that location is (206) 272-5555. Our website is www.f5.com. We have 80 subsidiaries, branch offices, or representative offices worldwide. Through a link on the Investor Relations section of our website, we make available the following filings as soon as reasonably possible after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ): our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. All such filings are available free of charge. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this report. 
 
 Strategy and Priorities 
 Nearly all organizations today find themselves at the convergence of two significant trends: the evolution of applications as the center of their businesses and their customers digital lives, and the escalation of threats against those applications. This presents a tremendous challenge as many companies now manage complex application portfolios comprising older legacy and newer modern technologies and infrastructures. In our 2023 State of Application Strategy Report, 85 of organizations said they operate both legacy and modern application architectures, and operate in multiple clouds. These hybrid environments create operational complexity and expand the threat surface area as companies are forced to deploy separate, and often inconsistent, security controls across different environments. 
 Over the past several years, F5 has significantly expanded its software and SaaS offerings to deliver a broad portfolio of solutions to help customers address the complexity and risk in today s hybrid IT environments. Through its BIG-IP, F5 NGINX, and F5 Distributed Cloud Services product families, F5 offers a range of integrated, artificial intelligence- and machine learning-driven solutions that support performance and protect both legacy and modern applications and APIs across data center, cloud, and edge locations. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Our multi-cloud application security and delivery solutions reduce our customers operational complexity and costs, enabling our customers to scale, secure, and optimize both legacy and modern applications, across any infrastructure to create extraordinary digital experiences for their end users. We are leveraging near real-time collection of live application telemetry, machine learning and artificial intelligence, and toolchain automation to enable applications to rapidly respond to changes in performance, availability, and security threats with little to no human interaction. 
 Key components of our strategy include: 
 Solving multi-cloud application delivery and security challenges 
 Through our organic innovation and inorganic investments, we have created the broadest portfolio of multi-cloud application security and delivery technologies in the market and as a result, we are the only provider capable of serving any application or API in any environment. Our BIG-IP family serves traditional applications on premises, co-located or in cloud environments. Our F5 NGINX family serves modern, container-native and microservices-based applications and APIs. Our F5 Distributed Cloud Services is a portfolio of SaaS and managed services serving both traditional and modern applications where a SaaS-deployment model is preferred. As a result of this broad portfolio, we are the only provider capable of supporting our customers modern and legacy application security and delivery needs across any environment on premises, co-located, in a cloud or at the edge with the added flexibility of multiple deployment models including packaged software, SaaS, managed services and hardware offerings. 
 Transforming how customers experience F5 
 As we expand the role we play for our customers, we are also transforming how our customers experience F5. Our goal is to create a unified and frictionless F5 experience for our customers. Over the last several years, we have made it easier for our customers to procure, deploy, use, manage, and upgrade our technologies. We also have taken steps to integrate the customer experience across our growing portfolio by simplifying the product naming and rebranding of several acquired and integrated solutions as part of our F5 Distributed Cloud Services platform. 
 Going forward we will leverage and grow our foundational capabilities in data and insights, digital sales, and SaaS-delivered capabilities to deliver consistent world-class customer experiences, including simple, integrated and friction-free consumption of our technologies. We will continue to improve customer awareness and understanding of F5 s expanded portfolio with a focus on both user and buying personas, and business needs and intend to enhance our digital customer experiences to deliver both growth and efficiency. 
 F5 is leveraging AI to accelerate the strength of both our current and future offerings. F5 uses AI in its security solutions to support performance and efficacy. Today, our customers are able to further benefit from our three-pronged AI strategy. First, our current portfolio is positioned to solve security and performance challenges associated with new AI workloads. Second, we are building AI models leveraging our current data fabric in order to enhance our existing products. Finally, we are working to build new offerings based on the changing application and data security landscapes and the customer needs associated with these changes. 
 Capturing growth in security and software-as-a-service 
 In the previous decade, our customers were focused on protecting their networks from attacks. Today, attackers are targeting applications with threats like malware, bots, and API penetration. Through both organic and inorganic investment, we have expanded our application security portfolio and the deployment models through which customers can consume our solutions. F5 s leading security capabilities combined with our hybrid multi-cloud approach enables our customers to deploy a consistent security posture across their entire application estate. 
 After announcing and launching in fiscal year 2022, we continue to focus investment in expanding our SaaS-based offerings within F5 Distributed Cloud Services, our comprehensive unified, security, networking, and application delivery service. F5 Distributed Cloud enables our customers to choose the best location and architecture for their application portfolio while easing the operational burden of securing and delivering applications across public, private and edge clouds. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 F5 Products and Solutions 
 F5 s portfolio of multi-cloud application services and security technologies are enabling customers to address the challenges of delivering differentiated digital experiences to their customers. Our multi-cloud, infrastructure-agnostic approach means customers can use F5 to create a more unified experience across disparate hybrid IT environments, enhancing automation and driving operational and cost efficiencies. Our product portfolio is comprised of solutions made available within the following F5 product families: F5 Distributed Cloud Services, F5 NGINX and F5 BIG-IP, and are discussed below. 
 F5 Distributed Cloud Services. A unified, security, networking, and application management service that enables customers to deploy, secure, and operate their applications wherever they may reside, regardless of platform or architecture. F5 Distributed Cloud Services leverages the F5 Global Network, a purpose-built, cloud-based, global private backbone to deliver performance, reliability, and control across hybrid, multi-cloud, or edge environments. F5 Distributed Cloud Service offerings are available as packaged software and SaaS-based consumption models and include the following: 
 F5 Distributed Cloud Web App and API Protection ("WAAP"). A comprehensive SaaS-based security solution, F5 Distributed Cloud WAAP allows our customers to accelerate time-to-service, lower total cost of ownership, and increase security efficacy on a cloud native platform that is fully integrated across a single policy engine and management console. F5 Distributed Cloud WAAP can be leveraged through multiple deployment options, allowing organizations to simplify security and improve visibility while reducing operational complexity. The solution provides the following F5 application security technologies: 
 Advanced Web Application Firewall WAF capabilities through F5 s BIG-IP WAF engine, which allows our customers to quickly apply, secure, and manage uniform comprehensive security policies at scale, across data centers, multi-clouds, and edge computing. 
 Mitigation against L3-L7 application-based and volumetric DDoS attacks through advanced F5 Distributed Cloud DDoS Mitigation, a managed, cloud-delivered mitigation service that detects and mitigates large-scale network, SSL, and application-targeted attacks in real time. 
 Enhanced API security, which leverages machine-based learning, auto-discovery, and anomaly detection, which automates the entire process of finding, securing, and monitoring APIs for anomalous behavior. 
 Next-generation, AI enabled bot mitigation through F5 Distributed Cloud Bot Defense provides our customers the ability to defend applications and APIs from automated attacks. The solution leverages AI to analyze massive amounts of traffic and machine learning to ensure sustainable bot prediction models with high efficacy. 
 Protection from sophisticated account takeover attempts. 
 F5 Distributed Cloud Multi-Cloud Networking ("MCN"). Our MCN solutions simplifies networking with an integrated service stack that securely connects both networks and application workloads, lowering operational costs and increasing agility. Under our MCN solutions we offer the following product solution: 
 F5 Distributed Cloud Network Connect. A networking solution that offers easy, secure, and consolidated connectivity across public and hybrid clouds, data centers, and edge sites. It provides unified policies and single-pane-of-glass management, reducing complexity and increasing efficiency, including full multi-tenancy and segmentation, enabling self-service capabilities for DevOps, NetOps and SecOps. Network Connect automates the configuration of native public cloud networking resources and seamlessly connects multiple clouds using site-to-site connectivity over a private backbone or the F5 Global Network. 
 F5 Distributed Cloud App Connect. An application delivery and deployment solution for connecting clusters across various cloud providers and regions. App Connect offers orchestrated awareness for API endpoints on all connected clusters, allowing cross-cluster service discovery and advertisement for seamless app-to-app communication with fine-grained API control. Connections between sites are self-maintaining, redundant, and fully automated, which reduces the need for administrative tasks such as establishing VPNs and routing. App Connect provides end-to-end visibility for customers, who can choose their underlying transport, including the F5 Global Network. 
 F5 Distributed Cloud DNS. A cloud-based Domain Name System DNS solution that offers DNS delivery across multi-cloud environments and modern applications. F5 Distributed Cloud DNS can be distributed globally as either a primary or secondary DNS, providing authoritative DDoS protection, Domain Name System Security Extensions ("DNSSEC"), and the flexibility to automatically scale to meet our customers growing application demands. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 F5 Distributed Cloud CDN. A high-performance, multi-cloud and edge focused content delivery network CDN solution that allows our customers to efficiently connect, secure, and optimize applications and workloads across multi- and hybrid-cloud environments through efficiently leveraging the integrated tools and technologies in the F5 Distributed Cloud Platform. F5 Distributed Cloud CDN can be purchased with other F5 Distributed Cloud offerings or as a stand-alone service. 
 F5 Distributed Cloud App Stack. A SaaS-based solution that provides our customers the ability to deploy and orchestrate applications on a managed Kubernetes platform with centralized management of distributed applications through a single pane of glass. F5 Distributed Cloud App Stack simplifies the management of application deployments as one across on-premises, cloud, and edge locations. 
 F5 NGINX. Built from the F5 NGINX open source software that powers hundreds of millions of websites and applications across the world, our F5 NGINX technology suite delivers a lightweight, agile ADC and API connectivity solution for modern, container-native, micro-services-based applications and APIs. F5 NGINX delivers a range of capabilities including web server, load balancer, proxy, API gateways and caches in packaged software subscription consumption models. F5 NGINX product offerings include the following: 
 F5 NGINX Plus. F5 NGINX Plus, our all-in-one, high performance load balancer, web server, content cache, and API gateway for modern applications, is offered as packaged software in a subscription consumption model. F5 NGINX Plus software delivers cloud-native, Kubernetes-friendly solutions that drive mission-critical applications and APIs with scalability, visibility, security, and governance . F5 NGINX Plus can be easily integrated into enterprise application workflows and CI/CD pipelines, as well as automation frameworks and ecosystems. F5 NGINX Plus is lightweight and can be used as a per-application ADC, but also scalable and performant enough for an enterprise s largest and most critical applications. F5 NGINX Plus is also offered as a fully managed native service on the Microsoft Azure Cloud allowing teams to lift-and-shift their applications to the cloud with no configuration change removing the operational burden of self-managed instances from teams. 
 F5 NGINX Management Suite. The F5 NGINX Management Suite includes software tools that provide application and API management along with orchestration and analytics for F5 NGINX Plus instances running in private data centers and public clouds. The F5 NGINX Instance Manager accelerates application and API deployments with a self-service API driven tool set and allows enterprises to streamline lifecycle management and security. Using F5 NGINX Instance Manager, which is included in this offering, teams can inventory, control and secure F5 NGINX Plus, F5 NGINX Open Source and F5 NGINX WAF instances. 
 F5 NGINX Ingress Controller. The F5 NGINX Ingress Controller provides traffic management for Kubernetes clusters. This solution is deployed at the central point of entry into a Kubernetes cluster and reduces complexity, increases uptime, and provides better insights into application health and performance at scale. This offering is sold in a subscription consumption model that scales with the customer s Kubernetes cluster size. 
 F5 NGINX App Protect. F5 NGINX App Protect is a comprehensive WAF security and denial-of-service ("DoS") defense solution designed to protect applications and API s from advanced Layer 7 attacks. It is a lightweight solution that seamlessly integrates into DevOps environments and is platform-agnostic running across distributed architectures and hybrid environments to deliver consistent protection. It can be used in a variety of the use cases that F5 NGINX Plus is deployed and integrate easily into CI/CD pipelines for automation. F5 NGINX App Protect can be added to subscriptions and is bundled into advanced offerings for F5 Ingress Controller. 
 F5 BIG-IP. Our BIG-IP family of product offerings provide feature-rich, highly programmable and configurable application security and delivery solutions for legacy applications in enterprises and service providers. Also known as traditional applications, legacy applications are based on monolithic, three-tier, or client-server architectures. Such legacy applications are the most ubiquitous application architecture today, and many organizations continue to rely exclusively on legacy applications to power the most mission-critical business applications, customer-facing digital interfaces and internally used applications. For most organizations, the priority around legacy applications is maximizing operational efficiency and minimizing the total cost of ownership. BIG-IPs best-of-suite approach helps standardize and consolidate application security and delivery functions into a single solution, automating functions and reducing operational cost. The F5 BIG-IP family of products includes packaged software, which are available in subscription and perpetual consumption models, and F5 BIG-IP system offerings. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 F5 BIG-IP Packaged Software. F5 BIG-IP packaged software includes a growing portfolio of products that provide the performance and security to deliver applications to end users. F5 BIG-IP Packaged Software offerings include the following: 
 F5 BIG-IP Security. F5 BIG-IP application security products include F5 BIG-IP Access Policy Manager that secures and protects user access to applications, F5 BIG-IP Advanced Web Application Firewall that protects applications with behavioral analytics, bot defense and application layer encryption, and F5 BIG-IP SSL Orchestrator that maximizes infrastructure security with encryption/decryption and traffic steering. We also offer F5 BIG-IP Advanced Firewall Manager which drives accurate detection with machine learning, stress monitoring, dynamic signatures, and attack mitigation, F5 BIG-IP Carrier Grade NAT which provides carrier-grade scalability with a high number of IP address translations, fast network address translation setup rates and high-speed logging, and F5 BIG-IP DDoS Hybrid Defender which delivers advanced cloud and on-premises DDoS defenses to ensure real-time protection against volumetric DDoS threats and dynamic network and applications attacks. 
 F5 BIG-IP Application Delivery. F5 BIG-IP Application Delivery products include F5 BIG-IP Local Traffic Manager which manages network traffic so applications are always fast, available, and secure; F5 BIG-IP DNS which provides hyperscale and security during high query volumes and DNS DDoS attacks; and F5 BIG-IP Policy Enforcement Manager which improves network performance through effective policy management. 
 F5 BIG-IP Automation Tool Chain. F5 BIG-IP Automation Tool Chain is a set of automation tools that make it faster and easier to deploy and configure F5 application services. Via the F5 Automation Tool Chain, F5 BIG-IP capabilities easily integrate into orchestration frameworks such as Ansible, HashiCorp Terraform, OpenShift, and Cloud Foundry as part of a CI/CD pipeline. 
 F5 BIG-IQ Centralized Management. F5 BIG-IQ simplifies, enhances management of, and reduces customer operational costs associated with F5 BIG-IP deployments through central management, analytics, and automation for F5 BIG-IP instances. 
 F5 BIG-IP Systems. F5 BIG-IP systems are designed to enhance the performance of our software by leveraging a combination of custom field-programmable gate array ("FPGA") logic and off-the-shelf silicon, providing customers a balance of cost and flexibility. All of our systems run all available F5 BIG-IP software modules. Our next-generation hardware, rSeries systems and VELOS chassis and blades are designed to enable enhanced automation and multi-tenancy, a capability that enables running multiple versions of F5 BIG-IP software on the same system thereby making it easy to migrate from one version to another with minimal or no downtime. We also offer our legacy systems, F5 BIG-IP iSeries and chassis-based VIPRION systems. 
 Competition 
 As F5 expands its reach and role into a broader set of multi-cloud security and delivery solutions, the companies that we consider competitors evolve. We compete against companies that offer web application firewalls, server load balancing, traffic management, and other functions normally associated with application delivery, application security, multi-cloud networking, and policy management. 
 The principal competitive factors in the markets in which we compete include deployment model, consumption model, ecosystem integrations, features and performance, customer support, brand recognition, scope of distribution and sales channels, and pricing. We believe we generally compete favorably on the basis of these factors as a result of our robust solutions and services, and our ability to deliver and secure any application, and any API, anywhere. 
 Within application delivery, our customers have the best of both worlds: reliability that F5 s always been known for across any environment from on-premises to multi-cloud; and agility and flexibility enabled by lightweight modern technologies, without compromising security or manageability. Our BIG-IP offerings compete against Citrix Systems and VMware. Our lightweight, developer-friendly F5 NGINX offerings, which provide capabilities like optimizing Kubernetes traffic management and load balancing cloud-native and hybrid cloud applications compete against Amazon Web Services ("AWS"), Google Cloud Platform, Envoy, HAProxy, and Microsoft Azure. 
 In application security, we compete with companies that offer web application firewall, bot detection and mitigation, API protection, carrier-grade firewall, carrier-grade network address translation ("NAT"), SSL orchestration, access policy management, and DDoS mitigation including Akamai, Cisco, Citrix Systems, Cloudflare, Fortinet, Imperva, Juniper Networks, Palo Alto and Radware. 
 F5 Distributed Cloud Services use cases include multi-cloud networking, as well as security offered as SaaS, competing with traditional networking vendors including VMware and Cisco, pure-play vendors like Aviatrix, and to some extent public cloud providers. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate Functions 
 Customer Services and Technical Support 
 In connection with our products, we offer a broad range of global services including maintenance, consulting, training, and other technical support services. 
 We believe that our ability to provide consistent, high-quality customer service and technical support is a key factor in attracting and retaining large enterprise and service provider customers. Accordingly, we offer a broad range of support services that includes phone and online technical support, hardware repair and replacement, software updates, online tools, consulting, and training services. 
 We provide these services directly to customers and also utilize a multi-tiered support model, leveraging the capabilities of our channel partners. Our technical support staff is strategically located in regional service centers to support our global customer base. 
 Product Development 
 We believe our future success depends on our ability to maintain technology leadership by continuing to innovate and to improve our products and by developing new products to meet the changing needs of our customers and partners. Our engineering organization uses standard processes for the development, documentation, and quality control of services, software, and systems that are designed to meet these goals. These processes include working with our business development and marketing teams, customers, and partners to identify technology innovation opportunities to better meet the evolving needs of our addressable markets. We have had dedicated teams focused on testing new disruptive innovations in technology, business models, or customer segments. We expect innovations resulting from the work of these teams will be complementary to our goal of delivering the broadest and most consistent portfolio of solutions across cloud and on-premises environments. 
 Our engineering teams are primarily located in Seattle and Spokane, Washington; Hyderabad, India; Tel Aviv, Israel; San Jose, California; and Cork, Ireland. Members of our engineering teams collaborate closely with one another to ensure the interoperability and performance of our solutions. 
 We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. F5 holds various patents in the United States and internationally (with applications pending for various aspects of our technology). We file patent applications to protect our intellectual property and believe that the duration of our issued patents is sufficient when considering the expected lives of our products. Our future success depends in part on our ability to protect our proprietary rights to the technologies used in our principal products. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use trade secrets or other information that we regard as proprietary. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights as fully as the laws of the United States. Any issued patent may not preserve our proprietary position, and competitors or others may develop technologies similar to or superior to our technology. Our failure to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 In addition to our own proprietary software, we incorporate software licensed from several third-party sources into our products. These are generally term licenses which may renew annually and that generally provide for certain rights and licenses to support our customers post termination. While we may not be able to renew all of these licenses in the future, we believe that alternative technologies for these licenses are available both domestically and internationally. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our customers include a wide variety of enterprises and service providers among Fortune 1000 and Business Week Global 1000 companies, including those in technology, telecommunications, financial services, transportation, education, manufacturing, healthcare, and government. In fiscal year 2023, sales outside of the Americas represented 43.7 of our net revenues. Refer to Note 15 of our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our revenues by geographic area. 
 Sales 
 We sell our products and services to large and medium enterprises, government entities, and service providers through a variety of routes to market and channels. Our sales teams sell our products and services directly to customers by working closely with our channel partners including distributors, value-added resellers VARs ), managed service providers MSPs ), and systems integrators. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 F5 sales teams . Our inside sales team generates and qualifies leads from marketing and helps manage accounts by serving as a liaison between the field and internal corporate resources. Our outside sales team works directly with partners and customers across the globe. Our field sales personnel are located in major cities across our three sales regions. Field sales personnel work closely with our channel partners to sell our products and services to their customers. We reward partners that identify new business and provide sales expertise for our portfolio of products and solutions through various incentive programs. Systems engineers, with deep technical domain expertise, support our regional sales account managers and channel partners providing pre-sale technical solution engineering and support, as needed. 
 Distributors, VARs, and MSPs . As a key component of our sales strategy, we have established relationships with a number of large national and international distributors, local and specialized distributors, VARs, and MSPs. We derive a majority of our product sales from VARs and MSPs, relying on our large distributors for fulfillment, training, and partner enablement. 
 Our agreements with our channel partners are not exclusive and do not prevent them from selling competitive products. These agreements typically have one-year terms with no obligation to renew, and typically do not provide for exclusive sales territories or minimum purchase requirements. 
 For fiscal year 2023, sales to two of our worldwide distributors, Ingram Micro, Inc. and Synnex Corporation represented 15.6 and 15.0 of our total revenues, respectively. Our agreements with distributors are standard, non-exclusive distribution agreements that renew automatically on an annual basis and generally can be terminated by either party with 90 days written notice prior to the start of any renewal term. The agreements grant certain distributors the right to distribute our products to resellers, with no minimum purchase requirements. 
 Systems integrators. We also market our products through strategic relationships with systems integrators, including Dell Services, DXC, HP Enterprise Services, and IBM Global Services, who include our products as core components of application deployments or network-based solutions they deploy for their customers. In most cases, systems integrators do not directly purchase our products for resale to their customers. Instead, they typically recommend and/or manage our products as a part of broader solutions supporting enterprise applications and internet facing systems that incorporate our technology for security, high availability, and enhanced performance. 
 Resellers and technology partners . Historically, our ability to compete with much larger companies has been strengthened through partnerships with large systems and software vendors. Currently, we partner with many technology partners and public cloud providers who resell our products. We have ongoing partnerships with the major cloud providers such as AWS, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud Platform and have expanded our reseller routes to market to include their public cloud marketplaces. F5 has recently signed a Strategic Collaboration Agreement SCA with AWS and are actively engaged with Microsoft Azure on private offers levering our software on Azure. Our business development team manages these relationships and closely monitors adjacent and complementary markets for opportunities to partner with those whose solutions are complementary to ours and could enable us to expand our addressable market. 
 Marketing 
 As we continue to expand our offerings and our range of consumption models, we are focused on driving the compelling and unique value proposition of F5 among our existing customers, including new buying centers within existing customers, as well as with new customers. To do so, we are revitalizing our brand to inform customers about our expanded portfolio and broaden our reach with new customers. We continue to focus on our core NetOps persona while seeking to expand our relationships with DevOps, SecOps, CISO and Cloud Architect audiences. 
 We invest in driving brand, demand, and advocacy experiences, addressing touchpoints across the customer journey to ensure we do all we can to enable our customers to realize value in their investments with F5. To maximize our reach and impact, we continue to meet customers where they are by increasing our focus and investments in more digitally enabled, personalized, and frictionless experiences at scale. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 We outsource the manufacturing of our systems to a third-party contract manufacturer, Flex Ltd. ("Flex"), for building, assembling, and testing according to our specifications at Flex's facilities in Guadalajara, Mexico and Zhuhai, China. Flex also performs material procurement, assembly, system test, quality control, and direct shipment on our behalf. 
 We provide a rolling forecast that allows Flex to stock component parts and other materials, plan capacity, and build finished goods inventory in anticipation of end-user demand. Flex procures components in volumes consistent with our forecast, assembles the products, and tests them according to our specifications. Generally, we do not own the system components. Hardware components for our products consist primarily of commodity parts and certain custom components. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Many of our components are purchased from sources which we believe are readily available from other suppliers. However, we currently purchase several hardware components used in the assembly of our products from a number of single or limited sources, and lead times for these components can vary significantly. Per the terms and conditions with our agreement with Flex, if the components are unused or the products are not sold within specified periods of time, we may incur carrying charges or obsolete material charges for components that our contract manufacturers purchased to build products to meet our forecast or customer orders. 
 Systems built in Guadalajara are shipped to the Flex fulfillment center in Milpitas, California for distribution primarily to distributors, value-added resellers, or end users in the Americas and EMEA. Systems built and fulfilled in Zhuhai are distributed to partners and customers in APAC. Title to the products transfers from Flex to us and then to our customers upon shipment from a designated fulfillment location. 
 
 Backlog 
 Backlog is primarily systems-based and represents orders confirmed with a purchase order for products to be fulfilled and invoiced to customers with approved credit status. Orders are subject to cancellation, rescheduling by customers, or product specification changes by customers. Although we believe that the backlog orders are firm, purchase orders may be canceled by the customer prior to fulfillment without significant penalty. For this reason, we believe that our product backlog at any given date is not a reliable indicator of future revenues. At the end of fiscal year 2023, we had product backlog of approximately 53 million. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 F5 s commitment to its employees is to be one global and diverse team that is both human-first and high-performance and to attract and grow amazing talent. This commitment is delivered through our culture and engagement, our investment in employees growth and development, our focus on diversity and inclusion, and in our compensation, benefits, and wellbeing offerings. 
 Employees 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had 6,524 employees over 99 of whom were full time employees. Our employees are in 47 countries with 49 of employees in the United States. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. We have experienced no work stoppages and believe that our employee relations are in good standing, as evidenced by our bi-annual employee engagement survey results and described in the section below entitled Culture and Engagement . 
 Culture and Engagement 
 We have been able to sustain our strong company culture in a hybrid work model thanks to increased focus on continuously embedding BeF5 and LeadF5 behaviors into our systems, processes, decisions, and conversations. We are constantly reinforcing, rewarding, and recognizing desired behaviors to send the message that they are key to executing our strategy. 
 
 We measure the success of and identify areas of improvement for our company culture through global surveys of employee experience and sentiment at least twice each year. As of June 2023, employees reported high satisfaction with F5 s culture on several key questions: 
 83 of employees favorably rate I am proud to work for F5." 
 87 of employees favorably rate At F5, employees are treated equally and fairly regardless of their background. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 80 of employees favorably rate F5 has a great culture." 
 One survey measure that F5 tracks closely as a gauge of our culture decreased from fiscal year 2022. As of June 2023, 76 of employees favorably rate I feel a sense of belonging at F5, compared to 84 a year prior. The employee comments in the survey highlighted recent changes in fiscal year 2023 related to the reduction in force, Freedom to Flex policy and incentive plans among the key reasons for the decline of our belonging score and underlined the areas F5 needs to enhance to maintain our culture. 
 Growth and Development 
 We provide employees with opportunities to improve their technical and professional knowledge, nurture our innovation ecosystem, strengthen management and leadership, as well as maintain our high standards of business integrity through ongoing compliance training. 
 These development opportunities are available through live employee events during Innovation Months, Idea Fests, Technology Days and Learning Days dedicated to exploring new ideas, such as Generative AI. F5 also offers employees customized learning paths, leadership coaching, global mentor and sponsorship programs, as well as multiple third-party resources to enhance the learning opportunities developed internally. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 F5 believes our differences when embraced with humility and respect drive smarter decisions, increased innovation, stronger performance, and a culture where everyone can be themselves and reach their full potential. 
 At F5, we are committed to creating a more diverse and inclusive workplace. Our strategic framework is called IDEA : Inclusion, Diversity, Equity and Allyship. Each concept in IDEA requires focus and engagement at all levels of the organization and to be embedded into our ways of working. (For more information, please see our most recent Diversity Inclusion report at F5.com/company/diversity-inclusion). 
 To increase inclusion at F5, we foster communities through our Employee Inclusion Groups EIGs F5 Ability, F5 Appreciates Blackness, F5 Connects Women, F5 Latinx e Hispanos Unidos, F5 Military Veterans, and F5 Pride. In fiscal year 2023, the EIGs focused on intersectional events prioritizing community building, culture and talent development and diverse recruitment, with strategic counsel and support from their executive sponsors. The EIG leaders continue to be recognized for their efforts to build a thriving community of diverse employees across F5 through quarterly bonuses. 
 F5 offers differentiated development programs to help address the barriers for underrepresented groups in the company. In fiscal year 2023, F5 s commitment to increase representation at F5 for Women, Black, and Latinx employees across management and leadership positions, and the company overall, was a focus of both our mentor and sponsorship programs. 
 Allyship is critical to the sustainability of our diversity and inclusion program at F5. The F5ers engaging with this program are on a continuous learning journey to build a culture where everyone feels they belong and can reach their full potential. Each month, content is made available to the allyship community to deepen their understanding of experiences different from their own and gain new skills to speak up and speak out as active participants in creating a more diverse and inclusive F5. 
 Compensation, Benefits and Wellbeing 
 F5 aims to attract, reward, and retain extraordinary talent from diverse backgrounds by offering a total compensation package that is equitable, flexible, and market competitive. 
 This includes the pay, incentive plans, restricted stock unit grants RSUs ), Employee Stock Purchase Plan, retirement plans, healthcare, paid time off and family leave F5 provides to employees, as well as the programs that support the diverse needs of our employees overall health and wellbeing. In fiscal year 2023, F5 launched free and global access to therapy and coaching sessions to all employees, and renewed our popular Wellness Weekends to provide one weekend a quarter when all employees have a set Friday through Monday off to reset and refresh. 
 Two significant changes were made to F5 employees compensation and benefits in fiscal year 2023 in response to both macroeconomic and post-COVID-19 pandemic conditions: 
 In the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, we altered our incentive plans to reduce our operating budgets. F5 eliminated the annual cash bonus for the CEO, reduced annual cash bonuses for executives by 70 and reduced the funding pool by 50 for employee Management by Objective ("MBO") plans. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 In the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, F5 updated its Freedom to Flex program to reflect the worldwide expiration of COVID-19 pandemic health and safety protocols. To balance the company s goals for employee collaboration and connection, with employees continued need for flexibility from their employer, F5 requires all employees within 30 commutable miles of an F5 office, accommodating 30 or more employees, to work in the office for 30 business days each quarter. The remainder of employees worldwide continue to be offered a choice to work fully remote, hybrid or full-time in an F5 office. 
 Environmental, Social Governance 
 At F5, we care deeply not just about what we do, but how we do it. We consider this our uniquely human-first and high-performance approach to the way we conduct our business, and it is reflected in our commitment to Environmental, Social and Governance ESG ). 
 Environmental. In fiscal year 2023, F5 expanded its environmental initiatives by committing to a science-based target. F5 submitted its target for verification to the Science Based Target Initiative, outlining its commitment to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 50 , and reduce absolute Scope 3 emissions by 43 by 2030 from a 2021 baseline year. 
 The company plans to reduce its operational emissions, referred to as Scope 1 and 2, by sourcing more renewable energy and improving its offices' energy efficiency. F5 identified that the majority of the Company's emissions, however, come from the value chain, referred to as Scope 3. This will require F5 to prioritize more sustainable design and energy performance in its products and services, followed by decarbonizing its supply chain, in order to reach its science-based target. 
 Social. In addition to the employee programs and benefits outlined in the Human Capital Management section above, we continue to prioritize F5 Global Good, the community development initiative that amplifies our employee engagement and diversity and inclusion programs. In fiscal year 2023, more than half of all worldwide employees participated in Global Good programs, volunteering over 10,400 hours and directing the entirety of F5 s donations, through both the Company matching program and grant selection committees. F5 and its employees donated over 3.8 million to over 3,000 non-profits worldwide in fiscal year 2023. 
 Governance. Our guiding principle to do the right thing for each other, our customers, our shareholders, and our communities is set forth in F5 s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, compliance training programs and most importantly, in the behaviors we measure all employees on: BeF5 and LeadF5. 
 In fiscal year 2023, F5 completed its first Double Materiality Assessment, based on industry benchmarking and the engagement of hundreds of internal and external stakeholders. This process served as F5's most recent climate-related risk identification for risks with a substantive impact and enabled the Company to identify appropriate ESG risks for our enterprise risk assessment process. The oversight of our ESG programs is conducted by the Nominating and ESG Committee of the Board of Directors, where ESG strategy, disclosures and metrics are reviewed each quarter. 
 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers as of November 14, 2023: 
 Name Age Position Fran ois Locoh-Donou 52 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Tom Fountain 47 Executive Vice President of Global Services and Chief Strategy Officer Frank Pelzer 53 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Scot Rogers 56 Executive Vice President and General Counsel Kara Sprague 43 Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer 
 Chad Whalen 52 Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Fran ois Locoh-Donou has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and member of our Board of Directors since April 2017. Prior to joining F5, Mr. Locoh-Donou served as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Ciena Corporation. During his more than 15 years at Ciena, Mr. Locoh-Donou served in several leadership positions. From August 2011 to October 2015, he served as Ciena s Senior Vice President, Global Products Group. Previously, he served as Ciena s Vice President and General Manager, Europe, Middle East and Africa from June 2005 to August 2011. He holds an M.B.A. from Stanford University, a 'Mastere' in Optical Telecommunications from the National Institute of Telecommunications of Paris, and a 'Diplome d'Ingenieur' in Physics Engineering from the National Institute of Physics in Marseille, France. Mr. Locoh-Donou serves on the board of Capital One Financial Corporation. He is also the co-founder of Cajou Espoir, a cashew-processing facility that employs several hundred people in rural Togo, 80 percent of whom are women. Cajou Espoir exports more than 400 tons of cashew kernels annually to the U.S. and Europe. 
 Tom Fountain has served as our Executive Vice President of Global Services and Chief Strategy Officer since June 2020. Mr. Fountain joined F5 in January 2018 as Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. Mr. Fountain is responsible for F5 s global services organization, including global support, consulting, and services teams. He is also responsible for F5 s corporate strategy, corporate development, technology partnerships, our service provider business, and new business incubations. From November 2012 to January 2018, Mr. Fountain served as Senior Vice President for Strategy and Corporate Development at McAfee LLC, Vice President of Strategy and Operations at Intel Corporation, and Senior Vice President for Strategy and Corporate Development at McAfee Incorporated. Previously, Mr. Fountain served as Vice President and General Manager of the Content and Media Business Unit at Juniper Networks from December 2011 to November 2012 and Vice President of Corporate Strategy at Juniper Networks from February 2009 to December 2011. Earlier in his career, Mr. Fountain was a venture capitalist at Mayfield Fund from June 2003 to February 2009 and co-founder and engineering leader at Ingrian Networks from December 1999 to June 2004. He holds an M.B.A., an M.S. in Computer Science, an M.S. in Electrical Engineering, and a B.S. in Computer Systems Engineering, each from Stanford University. 
 Frank Pelzer has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since May 2018. He oversees F5's worldwide financial planning, analysis, accounting, reporting, and internal auditing procedures, as well as investor relations. Prior to joining F5, Mr. Pelzer served as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Cloud Business Group at SAP, responsible for the execution of strategy and operations of the company's SaaS portfolio including Concur, Ariba, Fieldglass, SuccessFactors, and Hybris. Prior to that, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Concur Technologies, before it was acquired by SAP in 2014. Mr. Pelzer has also held senior leadership positions at Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse Group. Mr. Pelzer serves on the board of directors Freshworks Inc. He holds a B.A. from Dartmouth College and an M.B.A. from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College. 
 Scot Rogers has served as our Executive Vice President and General Counsel since January 2014. Mr. Rogers has held a variety of positions in F5's legal department since 2005, including most recently as Senior Vice President and Associate General Counsel immediately prior to his promotion to Executive Vice President. From 2002 through 2005, Mr. Rogers was the General Counsel for Xpediate Consulting, a healthcare technology and consulting company located in the San Francisco Bay Area. Prior to becoming a corporate counsel, he spent eight years in private practice as a commercial litigator. He is a graduate of the University of Texas and holds a J.D. from the Dedman School of Law of Southern Methodist University. 
 Kara Sprague is Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer. She is responsible for F5 s portfolio of multi-cloud application security and delivery solutions. Prior to joining F5 in 2017, Ms. Sprague held various leadership positions across the technology practice of McKinsey Company. Most recently she led the Technology, Media, and Telecom Practice for the Western Region. Prior to McKinsey, Ms. Sprague was on the engineering staff of Oracle, Agilent Technologies, and Hewlett-Packard. She holds a bachelor's degree and two master's degrees from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and serves on the board of Girls Who Code. 
 Chad Whalen has served as our Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales since July 2018. He is responsible for F5 s global sales strategy and brings over 20 years of experience leading global teams across Europe, Asia, and North and South America in network infrastructure, security, and SaaS. Mr. Whalen joined F5 in 2017 to lead the Cloud Sales team. Prior to joining F5, he ran strategic alliances at Fortinet, worldwide sales and services at Jasper, Americas sales and field operations at Ciena and global sales and marketing at World Wide Packets. He holds a B.A. in Business Administration and Management from Eastern Washington University. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information in this report, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating our company and operations. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Operational and Execution Risks 
 Cloud-based and SaaS computing trends present competitive and execution risks; 
 Security vulnerabilities in our IT infrastructure or multi-cloud application security and delivery solutions and services as well as unforeseen product errors could have a material adverse impact on our business results of operations, financial condition and reputation; 
 We are dependent on various information technology systems, and failures of or interruptions to those systems could harm our business; 
 Our success depends on our key personnel and our ability to hire, retain and motivate qualified executives, sales and marketing, operations, product development and professional services personnel; 
 Acquisitions present many risks and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that are contemplated at the time of the transaction; 
 Our success depends upon our ability to effectively plan and manage our resources and restructure our business; 
 Our business may be harmed if our contract manufacturers are not able to provide us with adequate supplies of our products or if a single source of hardware assembly is lost or impaired; 
 Our business could suffer if there are any interruptions or delays in the supply of hardware components from our third-party sources; 
 It is difficult to predict our future operating results because we have an unpredictable sales cycle; 
 We may not be able to sustain or develop new distribution relationships, and a reduction or delay in sales to significant distribution partners could hurt our business; 
 Reliance on fulfillment at the end of the quarter could cause our revenue for the applicable period to fall below expected levels; 
 Our operating results are exposed to risks associated with international commerce. 
 The average selling price of our products may decrease and our costs may increase, which may negatively impact revenues and profits; 
 Strategic and Industry Risks 
 Our business could be adversely impacted by conditions affecting the markets in which we compete; 
 Industry consolidation may result in increased competition; 
 We may not be able to compete effectively in the application security and delivery market; 
 Our success depends on our timely development of new software and systems products and features, market acceptance of new software and systems product offerings and proper management of the timing of the life cycle of our software and systems products; 
 Our success depends on sales and continued innovation of our application security and delivery product lines; 
 Issues related to the development and use of artificial intelligence ("AI") could give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm of our business 
 Misuse of our products could harm our reputation. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Our failure to adequately protect personal information could have a material adverse effect on our business; 
 A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks; 
 We face litigation risks; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, and our products may infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties; 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets; 
 Changes in governmental regulations could negatively affect our revenues. 
 Financial Risks 
 We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities; 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations; 
 Changes in financial accounting standards may cause adverse unexpected revenue fluctuations and affect our reported results of operations; 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting may be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may cause our stock price to fluctuate; 
 Anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us; 
 Our stock price could be volatile, particularly during times of economic uncertainty and volatility in domestic and international stock markets; 
 If securities or industry analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, or discontinue publishing research about our business, the price and trading volume of our securities could decline. 
 General Risks 
 Continued macroeconomic downturns or uncertainties may harm our industry, business, and results of operations; 
 We face risks associated with having operations and employees located in Israel; 
 Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made problems such as terrorism; 
 Climate change may have an impact on our business. 
 
 Operational and Execution Risks 
 Cloud-based and SaaS computing trends present competitive and execution risks 
 Customers are transitioning to a hybrid computing environment utilizing various cloud-based software and services accessed via various smart client devices. Pricing and delivery models are evolving and our competitors are developing and deploying cloud-based services for customers. In addition, new cloud infrastructures are enabling the emergence of new competitors including large cloud providers who offer their own application security and delivery functionality as well as smaller companies targeting the growing numbers of "born in the cloud" applications. We devote significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based and SaaS software and services strategies. While we believe our expertise and investments in software and infrastructure for cloud-based services provides us with a strong foundation to compete, it is uncertain whether our strategies will continue to attract the customers or generate the revenue required to be successful. In addition to software development costs, we are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud-computing and SaaS services, and the securitization of our customers data. These costs may reduce the gross and operating margins we have previously achieved. Whether we are successful in this new business model depends on our execution in a number of areas, including: 
 continuing to innovate and bring to market compelling cloud-based and SaaS services through consumption models that generate increasing traffic and market share; 
 maintaining the utility, compatibility and performance of our software on the growing array of cloud and SaaS computing platforms and the enhanced interoperability requirements associated with orchestration of cloud computing environments; and 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 implementing the infrastructure and the securitization of our customers' data to deliver our own cloud-based and SaaS services. 
 These new business models may reduce our revenues or gross and operating margins and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Security vulnerabilities in our IT infrastructure or multi-cloud application security and delivery products and services as well as unforeseen product errors could have a material adverse impact on our business results of operations, financial condition and reputation 
 In the ordinary course of business, we store sensitive data, including intellectual property, personal data, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners on our networks. In addition, we store sensitive data through cloud-based services that may be hosted by third parties and in data center infrastructure maintained by third parties. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Our IT infrastructure and those of our partners and customers are subject to the increasing threat of intrusions by a wide range of bad actors and malicious parties, including computer programmers, hackers or sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors or they may be compromised due to employee error or wrongful conduct, malfeasance, or other disruptions. Despite our security measures, and those of our third-party vendors, our IT infrastructure has experienced breaches or disruptions and may be vulnerable in the future to breach, attacks or disruptions. If any breach or attack compromises our IT infrastructure, creates system disruptions or slowdowns or exploits security vulnerabilities therein, the information stored on our networks or those of our customers could be accessed and modified, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen, and we may be subject to liability to our customers, suppliers, business partners and others, and suffer reputational and financial harm. 
 Our multi-cloud application security and delivery products and services are used by our customers to manage their critical applications and data. Bad actors and other malicious parties, may attempt to exploit security in our internal IT infrastructure or cloud environments that support our SaaS-based and managed solutions and services as well as our products that may be deployed in a customer environment. To address these security risks, we devote significant resources to identify and eliminate security vulnerabilities in our multi-cloud application security and delivery products and services. These efforts include, but are not limited to engineering and enhancing security and reliability features in our products and services, deploying security updates to address security vulnerabilities, and seek to respond to known security incidents in sufficient time to minimize any potential adverse impacts to our customers and IT infrastructure. Despite our efforts to harden our IT infrastructure, our security and delivery products and services against these risks, from time to time, we experience attacks and other cyber-threats. These attacks can seek to exploit, among other things, known or unknown vulnerabilities in technology included in our IT infrastructure, security and delivery products and services. While we have undertaken efforts to mitigate these vulnerabilities, they could render our IT infrastructure, security and delivery products and services susceptible to a cyber-attack which may subject the Company to liability to our customers, suppliers, business partners and others, and suffer reputational and financial harm. 
 Our products may also contain undetected errors or defects when first introduced or as new versions are released. We have experienced these errors or defects in the past in connection with new products and product upgrades. As our products and customer IT infrastructures become increasingly complex, customers may experience unforeseen errors in implementing our products into their IT environments. We expect that these errors or defects will be found from time to time in new or enhanced products after commencement of commercial shipments. These problems may cause us to incur significant warranty and repair costs, divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts and cause significant customer relations problems. We may also be subject to liability claims for damages related to product errors or defects. While we carry insurance policies covering this type of liability, these policies may not provide sufficient protection should a claim be asserted. A material product liability claim may harm our business and results of operations. 
 Our products must successfully operate with products from other vendors. As a result, when problems occur in a network, it may be difficult to identify the source of the problem. The occurrence of software or hardware problems, whether caused by our products or another vendor s products, may result in the delay or loss of market acceptance of our products. The occurrence of any of these problems may harm our business and results of operations. 
 Any errors, defects or vulnerabilities in our products or IT infrastructure could result in: 
 expenditures of significant financial and product development resources in efforts to analyze, correct, eliminate, or work-around errors and defects or to address and eliminate vulnerabilities; 
 remediation costs, such as liability for stolen assets or information, repairs or system damage; 
 increased cybersecurity protection costs which may include systems and technology changes, training, and engagement of third party experts and consultants; 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 increased insurance premiums; 
 loss of existing or potential customers or channel partners; 
 loss of proprietary information leading to lost competitive positioning and lost revenues; 
 inaccessibility to certain data or systems necessary to operate the business; 
 negative publicity and damage to our reputation; 
 delayed or lost revenue; 
 delay or failure to attain market acceptance; 
 an increase in warranty claims compared with our historical experience, or an increased cost of servicing warranty claims, either of which would adversely affect our gross margins; and 
 litigation, regulatory inquiries, or investigations that may be costly and harm our reputation. 
 We are dependent on various information technology systems, and failures of or interruptions to those systems could harm our business 
 Many of our business processes depend upon our IT systems, the systems and processes of third parties, including cloud hosting service providers, and on interfaces with the systems of third parties. For example, our order entry system provides information to the systems of our contract manufacturers, which enables them to build and ship our products. If those systems fail or are interrupted, or if our ability to connect to or interact with one or more networks is interrupted, our processes may function at a diminished level or not at all. This could harm our ability to ship products or our ability to deliver cloud-based services, which could harm our financial results. 
 In addition, reconfiguring our IT systems or other business processes in response to changing business needs may be time-consuming and costly. To the extent this impacted our ability to react timely to specific market or business opportunities, our financial results may be harmed. 
 Our success depends on our key personnel and our ability to hire, retain and motivate qualified executives, sales and marketing, operations, product development and professional services personnel 
 Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract, engage, retain, and integrate qualified executives and other key employees throughout all areas of our business. In order to attract and retain executives and other key employees in a competitive marketplace, we must provide a competitive compensation package, including cash- and equity-based compensation. If we do not obtain the stockholder approval needed to continue granting equity compensation in a competitive manner, our ability to attract, retain, and motivate executives and key employees could be weakened. Failure to successfully hire executives and key employees or the loss of any executives and key employees could have a significant impact on our operations. We have recently experienced changes in our senior leadership team and we expect to continue to see changes as we build the team that is needed to execute our strategy. Changes in our management team may be disruptive to our business, and any failure to successfully integrate key new hires or promoted employees could adversely affect our business and results of operations. The complexity of our products and their integration into existing networks and ongoing support, as well as the sophistication of our sales and marketing effort, requires us to retain highly trained developers, professional services, customer support and sales personnel. Competition for qualified developers, professional services, customer support and sales personnel in our industry is intense, especially in Silicon Valley and Seattle where we have substantial operations and a need for highly skilled personnel, because of the limited number of people available with the necessary technical skills and understanding of our products. Also, to the extent we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to allegations that they have been improperly solicited, that they have divulged proprietary or other confidential information, that they have violated non-compete obligations to their prior employers, or that their former employers own their inventions or other work product. Our ability to hire and retain these personnel may be adversely affected by volatility or reductions in the price of our common stock or our ability to get approval from shareholders to offer additional common stock to our employees, since these employees are generally granted restricted stock units. The loss of services of any of our key personnel, the inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future or delays in hiring qualified personnel may harm our business and results of operations. In addition, restructuring plans to better align strategic and financial objectives, optimize operations, and drive efficiencies for long-term growth and profitability, may include a reduction in force of the Company's workforce. These restructuring activities could lead to increased attrition amongst those employees who were not directly affected by the reduction in force program. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions present many risks and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that are contemplated at the time of the transaction 
 With respect to our past acquisitions, as well as any other future acquisitions we may undertake, we may find that the acquired businesses, products or technologies do not further our business strategy as expected, that we paid more than what the assets are later worth or that economic conditions change, all of which may generate future impairment charges. Our acquisitions may be viewed negatively by customers, financial markets or investors. There may be difficulty integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired business, and we may have difficulty retaining the key personnel of the acquired business. We may have difficulty in integrating the acquired technologies or products with our existing product lines. Our ongoing business and management s attention may be disrupted or diverted by transition or integration issues and the complexity of managing geographically and culturally diverse locations. We may have difficulty maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies across locations. We may experience significant problems or liabilities associated with product quality, technology and other matters. 
 Our inability to successfully operate and integrate newly-acquired businesses appropriately, effectively and in a timely manner, or to retain key personnel of any acquired business, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to take advantage of further growth in demand for application security and delivery solutions and other advances in technology, as well as on our revenues, gross margins and expenses. 
 Our success depends upon our ability to effectively plan and manage our resources and restructure our business 
 Our ability to successfully offer our products and services in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning, forecasting, and management process to enable us to effectively scale and adjust our business and business models in response to fluctuating market opportunities and conditions. From time to time, we have increased investment in our business by increasing headcount, acquiring companies, and increasing our investment in research and development, sales and marketing, and other parts of our business. Conversely, in the last few years, we have initiated restructuring plans to better align strategic and financial objectives, optimize operations, and drive efficiencies for long-term growth and profitability, which resulted in restructuring charges. Our ability to achieve the anticipated cost savings and other benefits from these initiatives is subject to many estimates and assumptions, which are subject to uncertainties. If our estimates and assumptions are incorrect, if we are unsuccessful at implementing changes, or if other unforeseen events occur, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our business may be harmed if our contract manufacturers are not able to provide us with adequate supplies of our products or if a single source of hardware assembly is lost or impaired 
 We outsource the manufacturing of our hardware platforms to third party contract manufacturers who assemble these hardware platforms to our specifications. We have experienced minor delays in shipments from contract manufacturers in the past. However, if we experience major delays in the future or other problems, such as inferior quality and insufficient quantity of product, any one or a combination of these factors may harm our business and results of operations. The inability of our contract manufacturers to provide us with adequate supplies of our products or the loss of one or more of our contract manufacturers may cause a delay in our ability to fulfill orders while we obtain a replacement manufacturer and may harm our business and results of operations. In particular, we currently subcontract manufacturing of our products to a single contract manufacturer. If our arrangement with this single source of hardware assembly was terminated or otherwise impaired, and we were not able to engage another contract manufacturer in a timely manner, our business, financial condition and results of operation could be adversely affected. 
 If the demand for our products grows, we will need to increase our raw material and component purchases, contract manufacturing capacity and internal test and quality control functions. Any disruptions in product flow may limit our revenue, may harm our competitive position and may result in additional costs or cancellation of orders by our customers. 
 Our business could suffer if there are any interruptions or delays in the supply of hardware components from our third-party sources 
 We currently purchase several hardware components used in the assembly of our products from a number of single or limited sources. Lead times for these components vary significantly. The unavailability of suitable components, any interruption or delay in the supply of any of these hardware components or the inability to procure a similar component from alternate sources at acceptable prices within a reasonable time, may delay assembly and our ability to fulfill our sales of our products and, hence, our revenues, and may harm our business and results of operations. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 It is difficult to predict our future operating results because we have an unpredictable sales cycle 
 Our products have a lengthy sales cycle and the timing of our revenue is difficult to predict. Historically, our sales cycle has tended to lengthen as our products become increasingly complex. Also, as our distribution strategy is focused on a channel model, utilizing value-added resellers, distributors and systems integrators, the level of variability in the length of sales cycle across transactions has increased and made it more difficult to predict the timing of many of our sales transactions. Sales of our products require us to educate potential customers in their use and benefits. Sales of our products are subject to delays from the lengthy internal budgeting, approval and competitive evaluation processes that large enterprises and governmental entities may require. For example, customers frequently begin by evaluating our products on a limited basis and devote time and resources to testing our products before they decide whether or not to purchase. Customers may also defer orders as a result of anticipated releases of new products or enhancements by our competitors or us. As a result, our products have an unpredictable sales cycle that contributes to the uncertainty of our future operating results. 
 We may not be able to sustain or develop new distribution relationships, and a reduction or delay in sales to significant distribution partners could hurt our business 
 We sell our products and services through multiple distribution channels in the United States and internationally, including leading industry distributors, value-added resellers, systems integrators, service providers and other indirect channel partners. We have a limited number of agreements with companies in these channels, and we may not be able to increase our number of distribution relationships or maintain our existing relationships. Recruiting and retaining qualified channel partners and training them in our technologies requires significant time and resources. These channel partners may also market, sell and support products and services that are competitive with ours and may devote more resources to the marketing, sales and support of such competitive products. Our indirect sales channel structure could subject us to lawsuits, potential liability, and reputational harm if, for example, any of our channel partners misrepresent the functionality of our products or services to customers or violate laws or our corporate policies. If we are unable to establish or maintain our indirect sales channels, our business and results of operations will be harmed. In addition, two worldwide distributors of our products accounted for 30.6 of our total net revenue for fiscal year 2023. A substantial reduction or delay in sales of our products to these distribution partners, if not replaced by sales to other indirect channel partners and distributors, could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Reliance on fulfillment at the end of the quarter could cause our revenue for the applicable period to fall below expected levels 
 As a result of customer buying patterns and the efforts of our sales force and channel partners to meet or exceed their sales objectives, we have historically received a substantial portion of sales orders and generated a substantial portion of revenue during the last few weeks of each fiscal quarter. In addition, any significant interruption in our information technology systems, which manage critical functions such as order processing, revenue recognition, financial forecasts, inventory and supply chain management, and trade compliance reviews, could result in delayed order fulfillment and decreased revenue for that fiscal quarter. If expected revenue at the end of any fiscal quarter is delayed for any reason, including the failure of anticipated purchase orders to materialize, our third party contract manufacturers inability to manufacture and ship products prior to fiscal quarter-end to fulfill purchase orders received near the end of the fiscal quarter, our failure to manage inventory to meet demand, our inability to release new products on schedule, any failure of our systems related to order review and processing, or any delays in shipments based on trade compliance requirements, our revenue for that quarter could fall below our expectations, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our operating results are exposed to risks associated with international commerce 
 As our international sales increase, our operating results become more exposed to international operating risks. Additionally, our international sales and operations are subject to a number of risks, including the following: 
 greater difficulty in enforcing contracts and accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods; 
 the uncertainty of protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 
 greater risk of unexpected changes in regulatory practices, tariffs, and tax laws and treaties; 
 risks associated with trade restrictions and foreign legal requirements, including the importation, certification, and localization of our products required in foreign countries; 
 greater risk of a failure of foreign employees, partners, distributors, and resellers to comply with both U.S. and foreign laws, including antitrust regulations, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and any trade regulations ensuring fair trade practices; 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 heightened risk of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of, or irregularities in, financial statements; 
 increased expenses incurred in establishing and maintaining office space and equipment for our international operations; 
 greater difficulty in recruiting local experienced personnel, and the costs and expenses associated with such activities; 
 management communication and integration problems resulting from cultural and geographic dispersion; 
 fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies in markets where we do business; 
 economic uncertainty around the world, including continued economic uncertainty as a result of sovereign debt issues in Europe; and 
 general economic and political conditions in these foreign markets. 
 In addition, the impact of Brexit on EU-UK political, trade, economic and diplomatic relations continues to be uncertain and such impact may not be fully realized for several years or more. Continued uncertainty and friction may result in regulatory, operational, and cost challenges to our UK and global operations. 
 We must hire and train experienced personnel to staff and manage our foreign operations. To the extent that we experience difficulties in recruiting, training, managing, and retaining an international staff, and specifically staff related to sales management and sales personnel, we may experience difficulties in sales productivity in foreign markets. We also enter into strategic distributor and reseller relationships with companies in certain international markets where we do not have a local presence. If we are not able to maintain successful strategic distributor relationships internationally or recruit additional companies to enter into strategic distributor relationships, our future success in these international markets could be limited. Business practices in the international markets that we serve may differ from those in the United States and may require us in the future to include terms other than our standard terms in customer contracts. We intend to continue expanding into international markets. 
 These factors and other factors could harm our ability to gain future international revenues and, consequently, materially impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. The expansion of our existing international operations and entry into additional international markets will require significant management attention and financial resources. Our failure to successfully manage our international operations and the associated risks effectively could limit the future growth of our business. 
 The average selling price of our products may decrease and our costs may increase, which may negatively impact revenues and profits 
 It is possible that the average selling prices of our products will decrease in the future in response to competitive pricing pressures, increased sales discounts, including responses to inflationary pressures, new product introductions by us or our competitors, or other factors. Therefore, in order to maintain our profits, we must develop and introduce new products and product enhancements on a timely basis and continually reduce our product costs. Our failure to do so could cause our revenue and profits to decline, which would harm our business and results of operations. In addition, we may experience substantial period-to-period fluctuations in future operating results due to the erosion of our average selling prices. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Strategic and Industry Risks 
 Our business could be adversely impacted by conditions affecting the markets in which we compete 
 A substantial portion of our business depends on the demand for information technology by large enterprise customers and service providers. We are dependent upon the overall economic health of our current and prospective customers. International, national, regional and local economic conditions, such as recessionary economic cycles, protracted economic slowdown or further deterioration of the economy could adversely impact demand for our products. Demand for our products and services depends substantially upon the general demand for application security and delivery solutions, which fluctuates based on numerous factors, including capital spending levels and growth of our current and prospective customers, as well as general economic conditions. Moreover, the purchase of our products is often discretionary and may involve a significant commitment of capital and other resources. Future economic projections for the information technology sector are uncertain as companies continue to reassess their spending for technology projects and embrace a range of consumption models from physical systems to software, SaaS-based and managed services solutions. As a result, spending priorities for our current and future customers may vary and demand for our products and services may be impacted. In addition, customer buying patterns are changing over time and more customers seek to rent software on a subscription basis and to reduce their total cost of ownership. These evolving business models could lead to changes in demand and licensing strategies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Industry consolidation may result in increased competition 
 Some of our competitors have made acquisitions or entered into partnerships or other strategic relationships to offer a more comprehensive solution than they had previously offered. We have also entered into large, strategic partnerships to enhance our competitive position in the marketplace. As technology companies attempt to strengthen or maintain their market positions in the evolving application delivery, mobility, cloud networking and cloud platform markets, these companies continue to seek to deliver comprehensive solutions to end users and combine enterprise-level hardware and software solutions that may compete with our solutions and which could negatively impact our partnerships. These consolidators or potential consolidators may have significantly greater financial, technical and other resources than we do and may be better positioned to acquire and offer complementary products and services. The companies resulting from these possible combinations may create more compelling product and service offerings and be able to offer greater pricing flexibility or sales and marketing support for such offerings than we can. These heightened competitive pressures could result in a loss of customers or a reduction in our revenues or revenue growth rates, all of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may not be able to compete effectively in the application security and delivery market 
 The markets we serve are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and we expect competition to persist and intensify in the future. As we expand our reach and role into a broader set of multi-cloud solutions, the companies that we consider competitors evolves as well. In addition to server load balancing, traffic management, and other functions normally associated with application delivery, our suite of solutions has expanded our addressable market into security, and policy management, where we compete with a number of companies focused on niche areas of application security. 
 We expect to continue to face additional competition as new participants enter our markets. As we continue to expand globally, we may see new competitors in different geographic regions. In addition, larger companies with significant resources, brand recognition, and sales channels may form alliances with or acquire competing application services solutions from other companies and emerge as significant competitors. Potential competitors may bundle their products or incorporate an Internet traffic management or security component into existing products in a manner that discourages users from purchasing our products. Any of these circumstances may limit our opportunities for growth and negatively impact our financial performance. 
 Our success depends on our timely development of new software and systems products and features, market acceptance of new software and systems product offerings and proper management of the timing of the life cycle of our software and systems products 
 The markets for our products and services are characterized by: 
 rapid technological change; 
 evolving industry standards; 
 consolidation of network and application functions into existing network infrastructure products; 
 requirements that our products interoperate with technologies from other vendors to enable ease of management; 
 fluctuations in customer demand; 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 changes in customer requirements; and 
 frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements. 
 Our continued success depends on our ability to identify and develop new software and systems products and new features for our existing software and systems products, to meet the demands of these changes, and the acceptance of those products and features by our existing and target customers. In addition, our software and systems products must interoperate with our end customers IT infrastructure, including the expanding use of the cloud and hybrid cloud environments, which often have different specifications, deploy products from multiple vendors, and utilize multiple protocol standards. Our customers IT infrastructure is becoming more complex and we may be reliant on orchestration and interoperability with third party vendors on whom we are reliant for testing and support of new software and systems product versions and configurations. If we are unable to identify, develop and deploy new software and systems products and new product features on a timely basis, our business and results of operations may be harmed. 
 The current development cycle for our software and systems products varies and has become increasingly complex due to the sophistication and the addressing of our customers' needs. The development timetable to commercial release and availability to our customers is uncertain, and the introduction of new products or product enhancements may shorten the life cycle of our existing products, or replace sales of some of our current products, thereby offsetting the benefit of even a successful product introduction, and may cause customers to defer purchasing our existing products in anticipation of the new products. This could harm our operating results by decreasing sales of our software and systems products, or increasing our inventory levels of older systems products and exposing us to greater risk of product obsolescence. We have also experienced, and may in the future experience, delays in developing and releasing new software and systems products and related product enhancements. This has led to, and may in the future lead to, delayed sales, increased expenses and lower quarterly revenue than anticipated. Also, in the development of our systems products, we have experienced delays in the prototyping, which in turn has led to delays in product introductions. In addition, complexity and difficulties in managing product transitions at the end-of-life stage of a product can create excess inventory of components associated with the outgoing product that can lead to increased expenses. Any or all of the above problems could materially harm our business and results of operations. 
 Our success depends on sales and continued innovation of our application security and delivery product lines 
 We expect to derive a significant portion of our net revenues from the sale of our cloud, software and hardware application security and delivery product lines in the future. Implementation of our strategy depends upon these products being able to solve critical network availability, performance and security problems for our customers. If our products are unable to solve these problems for our customers or if we are unable to sustain the high levels of innovation in product feature sets needed to maintain leadership in what will continue to be a competitive market environment, our business and results of operations will be harmed. 
 We operate in an industry of evolving standards and rapid technological advancements. If our competitors are able to develop and implement compelling technological innovations or features into their product offerings or services more rapidly or successfully than us in the future, our ability to compete effectively may be impacted which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 Issues related to the development and use of artificial intelligence ("AI") could give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm of our business 
 We currently incorporate AI technology in certain of our products and services and in our business operations. Our research and development of such technology remains ongoing. AI presents risks, challenges, and unintended consequences that could affect our and our customers adoption and use of this technology. AI algorithms and training methodologies may be flawed. Additionally, AI technologies are complex and rapidly evolving, and we face significant competition in the market and from other companies regarding such technologies. While we aim to develop and use AI responsibly and attempt to identify and mitigate ethical and legal issues presented by its use, we may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. AI-related issues, deficiencies and/or failures could (i) give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, including with respect to proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions such as the European Union and others, and as a result of new applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws; (ii) damage our reputation; or (iii) otherwise materially harm our business. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Misuse of our products could harm our reputation 
 Our products may be misused by end-customers or third parties that obtain access to our products. For example, our products could be used to censor private access to certain information on the Internet. Such use of our products for censorship could result in negative publicity and damage to our reputation. In addition, as many of our products are subject to export control regulations, diversion of our products to restricted third parties by others could result in investigations, penalties, fines, trade restrictions and negative publicity that could damage our reputation and materially impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Our failure to adequately protect personal information could have a material adverse effect on our business 
 A wide variety of local, state, national, and international laws, directives and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of personal data. These data protection and privacy-related laws and regulations continue to evolve and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions and increased costs of compliance. Certain safe-harbor exemptions upon which the Company relies for data transfers have been challenged and may no longer be available to us in the future. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or to protect such data, could result in enforcement action against us, including fines, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, claims for damages by end-customers and other affected individuals, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill (both in relation to existing end-customers and prospective end-customers), any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance, and business. Changing definitions of personal data and personal information, within the European Union, the United States, and elsewhere, especially relating to classification of IP addresses, machine identification, location data, and other information, may limit or inhibit our ability to operate or expand our business, including limiting strategic partnerships that may involve the sharing of data. The evolving data protection regulatory environment may require significant management attention and financial resources to analyze and modify our IT infrastructure to meet these changing requirements all of which could reduce our operating margins and impact our operating results and financial condition. 
 A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks 
 Sales to U.S. and foreign, federal, state, and local governmental agency end-customers account for a significant portion of our revenues and we may in the future increase sales to government entities. Sales to government entities are subject to a number of risks. Selling to government entities can be highly competitive, expensive, and time consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that these efforts will generate a sale. The substantial majority of our sales to date to government entities have been made indirectly through our channel partners. Government certification requirements for products like ours may change, thereby restricting our ability to sell into the federal government sector until we have attained the revised certification. Government demand and payment for our products and services may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our products and services. Government entities may have statutory, contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts with our distributors and resellers for convenience or due to a default, and any such termination may adversely impact our future operating results. Governments routinely investigate and audit government contractors administrative processes, and any unfavorable audit could result in the government refusing to continue buying our products and services, a reduction of revenue or fines or civil or criminal liability if the audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, which could adversely impact our operating results in a material way. Finally, for purchases by the U.S. government, the government may require certain products to be manufactured in the United States and other relatively high cost manufacturing locations, and we may not manufacture all products in locations that meet the requirements of the U.S. government, affecting our ability to sell these products to the U.S. government. 
 We face litigation risks 
 We are a party to lawsuits in the normal course of our business. Litigation in general, and intellectual property and securities litigation in particular, can be expensive, lengthy and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. Responding to lawsuits has been, and will likely continue to be, expensive and time-consuming for us. An unfavorable resolution of these lawsuits could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, and our products may infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties 
 We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, and restrictions on disclosure of confidential and proprietary information to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology. Monitoring unauthorized use of our products is difficult, and we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation of our technology, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States. 
 Our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. In the ordinary course of our business, we are involved in disputes and licensing discussions with others regarding their claimed proprietary rights and cannot provide assurance that we will always successfully defend ourselves against such claims and such matters are subject to many uncertainties and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. We expect that infringement claims may increase as the number of products and competitors in our market increases and overlaps occur. Also, as we have gained greater visibility, market exposure and competitive success, we face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims. If we are found to infringe the proprietary rights of others, or if we otherwise settle such claims, we could be compelled to pay damages or royalties and either obtain a license to those intellectual property rights or alter our products so that they no longer infringe upon such proprietary rights. Any license could be very expensive to obtain or may not be available at all or may require us to make royalty payments which could adversely affect gross margins in future periods. The actual liability in any such matters may be materially different from our estimate, if any, which could result in the need to adjust the liability and record additional expenses. Similarly, changing our products or processes to avoid infringing upon the rights of others may be costly or impractical. In addition, we have initiated, and may in the future initiate, claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights, or to determine the scope and validity of our proprietary rights or those of our competitors. Any of these claims, whether claims that we are infringing the proprietary rights of others, or vice versa, with or without merit, may be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel or require us to cease using infringing technology, develop non-infringing technology or enter into royalty or licensing agreements. Further, our license agreements typically require us to indemnify our customers, distributors and resellers for infringement actions related to our technology, which could cause us to become involved in infringement claims made against our customers, distributors or resellers. Any of the above-described circumstances relating to intellectual property rights disputes could result in our business and results of operations being harmed. 
 We incorporate open source software into our products. Although we monitor our use of open source closely, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products. We could also be subject to similar conditions or restrictions should there be any changes in the licensing terms of the open source software incorporated into our products. In either event, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our products, to re-engineer our products or to discontinue the sale of our products in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely or successful basis, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Many of our products include intellectual property licensed from third parties. In the future, it may be necessary to renew licenses for third party intellectual property or obtain new licenses for other technology. These third party licenses may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. The inability to obtain certain licenses, or litigation regarding the interpretation or enforcement of license rights and related intellectual property issues, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, we license some third party intellectual property on a non-exclusive basis and this may limit our ability to protect our intellectual property rights in our products. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets 
 Our products are subject to U.S. export controls and may be exported outside the U.S. only with the required level of export license or through an export license exception because we incorporate encryption technology into our products. In addition, various countries regulate the import of certain encryption technology and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products or our customers ability to implement our products in those countries. Changes in our products or changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our products in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our products throughout their global systems or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain countries altogether. Any change in export or import regulations or related legislation, shift in approach to the enforcement or scope of existing regulations or change in the countries, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products would likely adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Changes in governmental regulations could negatively affect our revenues 
 Many of our products are subject to various regulations promulgated by the United States and various foreign governments including, but not limited to, environmental regulations and regulations implementing export license requirements and restrictions on the import or export of some technologies, especially encryption technology. Changes in governmental regulation and our inability or failure to obtain required approvals, permits or registrations could harm our international and domestic sales and adversely affect our revenues, business and operations. 
 The SEC requires us, as a public company that uses certain raw materials considered to be conflict minerals in our products, to report publicly on the extent to which conflict minerals are in our supply chain. As a provider of hardware end-products, we are several steps removed from the mining, smelting, or refining of any conflict minerals. Accordingly, our ability to determine with certainty the origin and chain of custody of these raw materials is limited. Our relationships with customers, suppliers, and investors could suffer if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. We may also face increased costs in complying with conflict minerals disclosure requirements. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities 
 Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be affected by changes in our business operations, including acquisitions, new offerings, and changes in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The provision for income taxes may also be impacted by changes in stock-based compensation, changes in the research and development tax credit laws, earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and being higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, transfer pricing adjustments, not meeting the terms and conditions of tax holidays or incentives, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in actual results versus our estimates, or changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles or interpretations thereof, including changes to the tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals. In addition, we may be subject to examination of our income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. While we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes from such examinations and the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, there can be no assurance that such provision is sufficient and that a determination by a tax authority will not have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations 
 Our sales contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars, and therefore, substantially all of our revenue is not subject to foreign currency risk. However, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar could increase the real cost of our solutions to our end customers outside of the United States, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. In addition, an increasing portion of our operating expenses is incurred outside the United States, is denominated in foreign currencies, and is subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. If we become more exposed to currency fluctuations and are not able to successfully hedge against the risks associated with currency fluctuations, our operating results could be adversely affected. To date, we have not entered into any hedging arrangements with respect to foreign currency risk or other derivative instruments. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in financial accounting standards may cause adverse unexpected revenue fluctuations and affect our reported results of operations 
 A change in accounting policies can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect our reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective. New pronouncements and varying interpretations of existing pronouncements have occurred with frequency and may occur in the future. Changes to existing rules, or changes to the interpretations of existing rules, could lead to changes in our accounting practices, and such changes could adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting may be adversely affected 
 As a public company, we are required to design and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and provide a management report on the internal controls over financial reporting, which must be attested to by our independent registered public accounting firm. We have an ongoing program to review the design of our internal controls framework in keeping with changes in business needs, implement necessary changes to our controls design and test the system and process controls necessary to comply with these requirements. If in the future, our internal controls over financial reporting are determined to be not effective resulting in a material weakness, investor perceptions regarding the reliability of our financial statements may be adversely affected which could cause a decline in the market price of our stock and otherwise negatively affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may cause our stock price to fluctuate 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results have varied significantly in the past and could vary significantly in the future, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. Our operating results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including the changing and recently volatile U.S. and global economic environment, which may cause our stock price to fluctuate. In particular, we anticipate that the size of customer orders may increase as we continue to focus on larger business accounts. A delay in the recognition of revenue, even from just one account, may have a significant negative impact on our results of operations for a given period. In the past, a majority of our sales have been realized near the end of a quarter. Accordingly, a delay in an anticipated sale past the end of a particular quarter may negatively impact our results of operations for that quarter, or in some cases, that fiscal year. Additionally, we have exposure to the credit risks of some of our customers. Although we have programs in place that are designed to monitor and mitigate the associated risk, there can be no assurance that such programs will be effective in reducing our credit risks adequately. We monitor individual payment capability in granting credit arrangements, seek to limit the total credit to amounts we believe our customers can pay and maintain reserves we believe are adequate to cover exposure for potential losses. If there is a deterioration of a major customer s creditworthiness or actual defaults are higher than expected, future losses, if incurred, could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Further, our operating results may be below the expectations of securities analysts and investors in future quarters or years. Our failure to meet these expectations will likely harm the market price of our common stock. Such a decline could occur, and has occurred in the past, even when we have met our publicly stated revenue and/or earnings guidance. 
 Anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us 
 Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to determine the price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of those shares without any further vote or action by the shareholders. The rights of the holders of common stock may be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of our company without further action by our shareholders and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. Further, certain provisions of our bylaws, including a provision limiting the ability of shareholders to raise matters at a meeting of shareholders without giving advance notice, may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or management of our company, which could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. Similarly, state anti-takeover laws in the State of Washington related to corporate takeovers may prevent or delay a change of control of our company. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Our stock price could be volatile, particularly during times of economic uncertainty and volatility in domestic and international stock markets 
 Our stock price has been volatile and has fluctuated significantly in the past. The trading price of our stock is likely to continue to be volatile and subject to fluctuations in the future. Some of the factors that could significantly affect the market price of our stock include: 
 Actual or anticipated variations in operating and financial results; 
 Analyst reports or recommendations; 
 Rumors, announcements or press articles regarding our competitors operations, management, organization, financial condition or financial statements; and 
 Other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 The stock market in general and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to operating performance. The fluctuations may continue in the future and this could significantly impact the value of our stock and your investment. 
 If securities or industry analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, or discontinue publishing research about our business, the price and trading volume of our securities could decline 
 The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our securities would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our securities could decrease, which might cause the price and trading volume of our securities to decline. 
 
 General Risks 
 Continued macroeconomic downturns or uncertainties may harm our industry, business, and results of operations 
 We operate globally and as a result, our business, revenues, and profitability may be impacted by global macroeconomic conditions. The continuing adverse global macroeconomic conditions and related market uncertainties have, among other things, softened customer demand and customer purchase decisions, which may in turn, limit our ability to forecast future business activities involving our products and services. Prolonged adverse macroeconomic conditions both in the U.S. and abroad, including, but not limited to, rising interest rates to combat inflationary pressures of goods and services, challenges in the financial and credit markets, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, trade uncertainty, adverse changes in global taxation and tariffs, sanctions, outbreaks of pandemic diseases such as COVID-19, political unrest and social strife, armed conflicts, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine, or other impacts from the macroeconomic environment have led to a slowing of global economic growth. Continued worsening of macroeconomic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows through, among others, softer demand of our products and services as well as unfavorable increases to our operating costs, which could negatively impact our profitability. 
 We face risks associated with having operations and employees located in Israel 
 We have offices and employees located in Israel. As a result, political, economic, and military conditions in Israel directly affect our operations. The future of peace efforts between Israel and its Arab neighbors remains uncertain. There has been a significant increase in hostilities and political unrest in Israel. The effects of these hostilities and violence on the Israeli economy and our operations in Israel are unclear, and we cannot predict the effect on us of further increases in these hostilities or future armed conflict, political instability or violence in the region. In addition, many of our employees in Israel are obligated to perform annual reserve duty in the Israeli military and are subject to being called for active duty under emergency circumstances. We cannot predict the full impact of these conditions on us in the future, particularly if emergency circumstances or an escalation in the political situation occurs. If many of our employees in Israel are called for active duty for a significant period of time, our operations and our business could be disrupted and may not be able to function at full capacity. Current or future tensions and conflicts in the Middle East could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made problems such as terrorism 
 A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, a fire, a flood, or a significant power outage could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. We have an administrative and product development office and a third party contract manufacturer located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. In addition, natural disasters could affect our supply chain, manufacturing vendors, or logistics providers ability to provide materials and perform services such as manufacturing products or assisting with shipments on a timely basis. In the event our or our service providers information technology systems or manufacturing or logistics abilities are hindered by any of the events discussed above, shipments could be delayed, resulting in missed financial targets, such as revenue and shipment targets, for a particular quarter. In addition, cyber-attacks, acts of terrorism, or other geopolitical unrest could cause disruptions in our business or the business of our supply chain, manufacturers, logistics providers, partners, or end-customers or the economy as a whole. Any disruption in the business of our supply chain, manufacturers, logistics providers, partners or end-customers that impacts sales at the end of a fiscal quarter could have a significant adverse impact on our quarterly results. All of the aforementioned risks may be further increased if the disaster recovery plans for us and our suppliers prove to be inadequate. To the extent that any of the above should result in delays or cancellations of customer orders, or the delay in the manufacture, deployment or shipment of our products, our business, financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected. 
 Climate change may have an impact on our business 
 Risks related to climate change are increasing in both impact and type of risk. We believe there will not be significant near-term impacts to our offices worldwide due to climate change, but long-term impacts remain unknown. However, there may be business operational risk due to the significant impacts climate change could pose to our employees lives, our supply chain, or electrical power availability from climate-related weather events. In addition, rapidly changing customer and regulatory requirements to reduce carbon emissions present a risk of loss of business if we are not able to meet those requirements. 
 In addition to other risks listed in this Risk Factors section, factors that may affect our operating results include, but are not limited to: 
 fluctuations in demand for our products and services due to changing market conditions, pricing conditions, technology evolution, seasonality, or other changes in the global economic environment; 
 changes or fluctuations in sales and implementation cycles for our products and services; 
 changes in the mix of our products and services, including increases in SaaS and other subscription-based offerings; 
 changes in the growth rate of the application delivery market; 
 reduced visibility into our customers spending and implementation plans; 
 reductions in customers budgets for data center and other IT purchases or delays in these purchases; 
 changes in end-user customer attach rates and renewal rates for our services; 
 fluctuations in our gross margins, including the factors described herein, which may contribute to such fluctuations; 
 our ability to control costs, including operating expenses, the costs of hardware and software components, and other manufacturing costs; 
 our ability to develop, introduce and gain market acceptance of new products, technologies and services, and our success in new and evolving markets; 
 any significant changes in the competitive environment, including the entry of new competitors or the substantial discounting of products or services; 
 the timing and execution of product transitions or new product introductions, and related inventory costs; 
 variations in sales channels, product costs, or mix of products sold; 
 our ability to establish and manage our distribution channels, and the effectiveness of any changes we make to our distribution model; 
 the ability of our contract manufacturers and suppliers to provide component parts, hardware platforms and other products in a timely manner; 
 benefits anticipated from our investments in sales, marketing, product development, manufacturing or other activities; 
 impacts on our overall tax rate caused by any reorganization in our corporate structure; 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 changes in tax laws or regulations, or other accounting rules; and 
 general economic conditions, both domestically and in our foreign markets. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We lease our principal administrative, sales, marketing, research and development facilities, which are located in Seattle, Washington and consist of approximately 515,000 square feet. In May 2017, we entered into a lease agreement for the building in Seattle, Washington that now serves as our corporate headquarters. This lease will expire in 2033 with an option for renewal. 
 We believe that our existing properties are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. We also lease additional office space for product development and sales and support personnel in the United States and internationally. We believe that our future growth can be accommodated by our current facilities or by leasing additional space if necessary. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) for information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Prices of Common Stock 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol FFIV. The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 
 Fiscal Year 2023 Fiscal Year 2022 High Low High Low First Quarter 159.96 133.68 249.00 193.50 Second Quarter 159.95 135.49 245.59 188.50 Third Quarter 154.04 127.05 215.28 147.47 Fourth Quarter 167.89 142.16 174.38 141.91 
 The last reported sales price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on November 7, 2023 was 156.11. 
 As of November 7, 2023, there were 39 holders of record of our common stock. As many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of shareholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial holders of our common stock represented by these record holders. 
 Dividend Policy 
 Our policy has been to retain cash for use in our business, for investment in acquisitions and to repurchase shares of our common stock. Accordingly, we have not paid dividends and do not anticipate declaring dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 Unregistered Securities Sold in 2023 
 We did not sell any unregistered shares of our common stock during the fiscal year 2023. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On July 25, 2022, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized an additional 1.0 billion for our common stock share repurchase program. This authorization is incremental to the existing 5.4 billion program, initially approved in October 2010 and expanded in subsequent fiscal years. Acquisitions for the share repurchase programs will be made from time to time in private transactions, accelerated share repurchase programs, or open market purchases as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. The programs can be terminated at any time. 
 On February 3, 2021, the Company entered into Accelerated Share Repurchase ("ASR") agreements with two financial institutions under which the Company paid an aggregate of 500 million. The ASR agreements were accounted for as two separate transactions (1) a repurchase of common stock and (2) an equity-linked contract on the Company's own stock. Upon execution of the ASR agreements, the Company received an initial delivery of 2.1 million shares for an aggregate price of 400 million, based on the market price of 194.91 per share of the Company's common stock on the date of the transaction. The initial shares received by the Company were retired immediately upon receipt. The equity-linked contract for the remaining 100 million, representing remaining shares to be delivered by the financial institutions under the ASR agreements, was recorded to common stock as of March 31, 2021 and was settled in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 with the Company receiving 449,049 additional shares, which were retired immediately upon receipt. The total ASR resulted in a repurchase of 2.5 million shares of the Company's common stock at a volume weighted average repurchase price, less an agreed upon discount, of 199.90 per share. The shares received by the Company were retired, accounted for as a reduction to stockholder s equity in the consolidated balance sheets, and treated as a repurchase of common stock for purposes of calculating earnings per share. The Company was not required to make any additional cash payments or delivery of common stock to the financial institutions upon settlement of the agreements. 
 During fiscal year 2023, we repurchased and retired 2,454,382 shares of common stock at an average price of 142.62 per share and as of September 30, 2023, we had 922 million remaining authorized to purchase shares. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Shares repurchased and retired during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 are as follows (in thousands, except shares and per share data): 
 Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased 1 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased per the Publicly Announced Plan Approximate Dollar 
 Value of Shares 
 that May Yet be 
 Purchased 
 Under the Plan 2 
 July 1, 2023 July 31, 2023 63,605 157.24 63,605 972,446 August 1, 2023 August 31, 2023 326,798 158.64 315,309 922,439 September 1, 2023 September 30, 2023 922,439 
 (1) Includes 11,489 shares withheld from restricted stock units that vested in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations that arose on the vesting of restricted stock units. 
 (2) Shares withheld from restricted stock units that vested to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations that arose on the vesting of such awards do not deplete the dollar amount available for purchases under the repurchase program. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Measurement Comparison of Shareholder Return 
 The following graph compares the annual percentage change in the cumulative total return on shares of our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index, the S P 500 Index, and the S P 500 Information Technology Index for the period commencing September 30, 2018, and ending September 30, 2023. For additional comparability, we have added the S P 500 Information Technology Index as an industry specific index. 
 Comparison of Cumulative Total Return 
 On Investment Since September 30, 2018 

The Company s closing stock price on September 29, 2023, the last trading day of the Company s 2023 fiscal year, was 161.14 per share. 
 
 Assumes that 100 was invested September 30, 2018 in shares of common stock and in each index, and that all dividends were reinvested. Shareholder returns over the indicated period should not be considered indicative of future shareholder returns. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our plans, objectives, expectations, strategies, intentions or other characterizations of future events or circumstances and are generally identified by the words expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates, and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current information and expectations and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors herein and in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to revise or update any such forward-looking statements. 
 
 Overview 
 F5 is a leading provider of multi-cloud application security and delivery solutions which enable our customers to develop, deploy, operate, secure, and govern applications in any architecture, from on-premises to the public cloud. Our enterprise-grade application services are available as cloud-based, software-as-a-service, and software-only solutions optimized for multi-cloud environments, with modules that can run independently, or as part of an integrated solution on our high-performance appliances. We market and sell our products primarily through multiple indirect sales channels in the Americas; Europe, the Middle East, and Africa ("EMEA"); and the Asia Pacific region ("APAC"). Enterprise customers (Fortune 1000 or Business Week Global 1000 companies) in the technology, telecommunications, financial services, transportation, education, manufacturing, and health care industries, along with government customers, continue to make up the largest percentage of our customer base. 
 Our management team monitors and analyzes a number of key performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance on a consolidated basis. Those indicators include: 
 Revenues . Our revenue is derived from the sales of both global services and products. Our global services revenue includes annual maintenance contracts, training and consulting services. The majority of our product revenues are derived from sales of our application security and delivery solutions including our BIG-IP software and systems, F5 NGINX software, and our F5 Distributed Cloud Services offerings. Our BIG-IP software solutions are sold both on a perpetual license and a subscription basis. We sell F5 NGINX on a subscription basis. F5 Distributed Cloud Services provides security, multi-cloud networking, and edge-based computing solutions, encompassing software solutions from what were previously branded as our Shape, Volterra, and Silverline product offerings. F5 Distributed Cloud Services are offered on a subscription basis, under a unified software-as-a-service ("SaaS") platform. 
 We monitor the sales mix of our revenues within each reporting period. We believe customer acceptance rates of our new products, feature enhancements and consumption models are indicators of future trends. We also consider overall revenue concentration by geographic region as an additional indicator of current and future trends. Toward the end of fiscal 2022, and continuing into fiscal 2023, we saw changes in customer buying patterns due to the uncertain macroeconomic environment and resulting customer budget constraints. The impact of these buying patterns has led to softer demand for both our software and systems products and services. We believe the current demand environment is temporary based on several factors, notably the fact that demand for our products and services stems from the growth of applications and APIs. In addition, our stronger than normal maintenance renewals signal delays in purchases as customers extend their maintenance contracts over the products they currently own. This softer demand for new products is brought on by the current macroeconomic uncertainties and related customer budget constraints, rather than architectural shifts or losses to competitors. We will continue to closely monitor the macroeconomic environment and its impacts on our business. 
 Cost of revenues and gross margins. We strive to control our cost of revenues and thereby maintain our gross margins. Significant items impacting cost of revenues are hardware costs paid to our contract manufacturers, third-party software license fees, software-as-a-service infrastructure costs, amortization of developed technology and personnel and overhead expenses. In addition, factors such as sales price, product and services mix, inventory obsolescence, returns, component price increases, warranty costs, global supply chain constraints, and the remaining uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic could significantly impact our gross margins. 
 Operating expenses. Operating expenses are substantially driven by personnel and related overhead expenses. Existing headcount and future hiring plans are the predominant factors in analyzing and forecasting future operating expense trends. Other significant operating expenses that we monitor include marketing and promotions, travel, professional fees, computer costs related to the development of new products and provision of services, facilities and depreciation expenses. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and cash flows. Our financial condition remains strong with significant cash and investments. The decrease in cash and investments for fiscal year 2023 was primarily due to cash used for the repayment of the Term Loan Facility, including the outstanding principal balance of 350.0 million, and all accrued, but unpaid interest outstanding of 3.0 million. In addition, 350.0 million of cash was used for the repurchase of outstanding common stock during fiscal year 2023. The decrease was partially offset by cash provided by operating activities of 653.4 million. Going forward, we believe the primary driver of cash flows will be net income from operations. We will continue to evaluate possible acquisitions of, or investments in businesses, products, or technologies that we believe are strategic, which may require the use of cash. Additionally, on January 31, 2020, we entered into a Revolving Credit Agreement (the "Revolving Credit Agreement") that provides for a senior unsecured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of 350.0 million (the "Revolving Credit Facility"). We have the option to increase commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility from time to time, subject to certain conditions, by up to 150.0 million. As of September 30, 2023, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, and we had available borrowing capacity of 350.0 million. 
 Balance sheet. We view cash, short-term and long-term investments, deferred revenue, accounts receivable balances and days sales outstanding as important indicators of our financial health. Deferred revenues continued to increase in fiscal 2023 due to an increase in maintenance renewal contracts related to our existing product installation base and the growth of our subscriptions business. Our days sales outstanding for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 was 58. Days sales outstanding is calculated by dividing ending accounts receivable by revenue per day for a given quarter. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 We believe that, of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policy involves a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, we believe the following policy is the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 Revenue Recognition. We sell products through distributors, resellers, and directly to end users. Revenue related to our contracts with customers is recognized by following a five-step process: 
 Identify the contract(s) with a customer. Evidence of a contract generally consists of a purchase order issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of a distributor, reseller or end user agreement. 
 Identify the performance obligations in the contract. Performance obligations are identified in our contracts and include hardware, hardware-based software, software-only solutions, cloud-based subscription services as well as a broad range of service performance obligations including consulting, training, installation and maintenance. 
 Determine the transaction price. The purchase price stated in an agreed upon purchase order is generally representative of the transaction price. We offer several programs in which customers are eligible for certain levels of rebates if certain conditions are met. When determining the transaction price, we consider the effects of any variable consideration. 
 Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract. The transaction price in a contract is allocated based upon the relative standalone selling price of each distinct performance obligation identified in the contract. 
 Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. We satisfy performance obligations either over time or at a point in time as discussed in further detail below. Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control of promised products and services to a customer. 
 Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. Shipping and handling fees charged to our customers are recognized as product revenue in the period shipped and the related costs for providing these services are recorded as a cost of sale. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The following is a description of the principal activities from which we generate revenue: 
 Product 
 Revenue from the sale of our hardware and perpetual software products is generally recognized at a point in time when the product has been fulfilled and the customer is obligated to pay for the product. We also offer several products by subscription, either through term-based license agreements or as SaaS offerings. Revenue for term-based license agreements is recognized at a point in time when we deliver the software license to the customer and the subscription term has commenced. For our SaaS offerings, revenue is recognized ratably as the services are provided. Hardware, including the software run on those devices is considered systems revenue. Perpetual or subscription software offerings that are deployed on a standalone basis, along with our SaaS offerings, are considered software revenue. When rights of return are present and we cannot estimate returns, revenue is recognized when such rights of return lapse. Payment terms to customers are generally net 30 days to net 60 days. 
 Global Services 
 Revenues for post-contract customer support ("PCS") are recognized on a straight-line basis over the service contract term. PCS includes a limited period of telephone support, updates, repair or replacement of any failed product or component that fails during the term of the agreement, bug fixes and rights to upgrades, when and if available. Consulting services are customarily billed at fixed hourly rates, plus out-of-pocket expenses, and revenues are recognized as the consulting is completed. Similarly, training revenue is recognized as the training is completed. 
 Contract Acquisition Costs 
 Sales commissions earned by our sales force are considered incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. Sales commissions for initial service contracts and subscription offerings are deferred and then amortized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the period of benefit, which management has determined to be 4.5 years for initial service and 3 to 5 years for subscription offerings. 
 Flexible Consumption Program 
 We enter into certain contracts with customers, including flexible consumption programs and multi-year subscriptions, with non-standard terms and conditions. Management assesses contractual terms in these agreements to identify and evaluate performance obligations. Management allocates consideration to each performance obligation based on relative fair value using standalone selling price and recognizes associated revenue as control is transferred to the customer. 
 
 Impact of Current Macroeconomic Conditions 
 Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions and their impacts on customer behavior. Worsening economic conditions, including inflation, higher interest rates, slower growth, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, and developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and other changes in economic conditions, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance. For further discussion of the potential impacts of recent macroeconomic events on our business, financial condition, and operating results, see Part I, Item 1A titled Risk Factors. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, related notes and risk factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Net revenues Products 1,334,638 1,317,117 1,247,084 Services 1,478,531 1,378,728 1,356,332 Total 2,813,169 2,695,845 2,603,416 Percentage of net revenues Products 47.4 48.9 47.9 Services 52.6 51.1 52.1 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Net Revenues. Total net revenues increased 4.4 in fiscal year 2023 from fiscal year 2022, compared to an increase of 3.6 in fiscal year 2022 from the prior year. Overall revenue growth for the year ended September 30, 2023 was due to increases in both product and service revenue. The product revenue increase was driven by an increase in systems revenue. Service revenues increased as a result of continued growth in maintenance contract renewals. International revenues represented 47.1 , 44.8 and 47.5 of net revenues in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Net Product Revenues. Net product revenues increased 1.3 in fiscal year 2023 from fiscal year 2022, compared to an increase of 5.6 in fiscal year 2022 from the prior year. The increase of 17.5 million in net product revenues for fiscal year 2023 was due to growth in systems revenue. The increase of 70.0 million in net product revenues for fiscal year 2022 was primarily due to growth in software revenue, partially offset by a decrease in systems revenue associated with a shortage of components to meet systems demand. 
 The following presents net product revenues by systems and software (in thousands): 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 Net product revenues Systems revenue 670,652 651,902 748,192 Software revenue 663,986 665,215 498,892 Total net product revenue 1,334,638 1,317,117 1,247,084 Percentage of net product revenues Systems revenue 50.2 49.5 60.0 Software revenue 49.8 50.5 40.0 Total net product revenue 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 Software Revenues. As a component of net product revenues, software revenues remained relatively flat in fiscal year 2023, compared to an increase of 33.3 in fiscal year 2022 from the prior year. 
 The following presents software revenue by consumption model (in thousands): 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 Software revenue Subscriptions 1 
 555,941 521,809 390,202 Perpetual licenses 108,045 143,406 108,690 Total software revenue 663,986 665,215 498,892 Percentage of software revenue Subscriptions 1 
 83.7 78.4 78.2 Perpetual licenses 16.3 21.6 21.8 Total software revenue 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 (1) Subscriptions revenue includes revenue from SaaS and managed services and term-based subscriptions. 
 Net Service Revenues. Net service revenues increased 7.2 in fiscal year 2023 from fiscal year 2022, compared to an increase of 1.7 in fiscal year 2022 from the prior year. The increase of 99.8 million in service revenue for fiscal year 2023 was the result of increased purchases or renewals of maintenance contracts driven by delayed purchase decisions in new product purchases by our install base and additions to our installed base of products. In addition, we are seeing the benefits of price increases put in place in fiscal 2022. The increase of 22.4 million in service revenue for fiscal year 2022 was the result of increased purchases or renewals of maintenance contracts driven by additions to our installed base of products. 
 The following distributors of our products accounted for more than 10 of total net revenue: 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 Ingram Micro, Inc. 15.6 20.0 19.2 Synnex Corporation 15.0 13.4 11.1 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 The following distributors of our products accounted for more than 10 of total receivables: 
 September 30, 2023 2022 Ingram Micro, Inc. 12.9 Synnex Corporation 16.0 12.6 Carahsoft Technology Corporation 10.1 16.2 
 No other distributors accounted for more than 10 of total net revenue or receivables. 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of net revenues and gross profit Products 375,192 319,713 286,293 Services 218,116 219,914 206,853 Total 593,308 539,627 493,146 Gross profit 2,219,861 2,156,218 2,110,270 Percentage of net revenues and gross margin (as a percentage of related net revenue) Products 28.1 24.3 23.0 Services 14.8 16.0 15.3 Total 21.1 20.0 18.9 Gross margin 78.9 80.0 81.1 
 Cost of Net Product Revenues. Cost of net product revenues consist of finished products purchased from our contract manufacturers, manufacturing overhead, freight, warranty, provisions for excess and obsolete inventory, software-as-a-service infrastructure costs and amortization expenses in connection with developed technology from acquisitions. Cost of net product revenues increased to 375.2 million in fiscal year 2023, up 17.4 from the prior year, primarily due to systems product revenue growth. In addition, we continued to experience component cost increases, expedite fees and other sourcing-related costs in fiscal 2023. Cost of net product revenues increased to 319.7 million in fiscal year 2022, up 11.7 from the prior year, primarily due to software product revenue growth. In addition, we experienced component cost increases, expedite fees and other sourcing-related costs in fiscal 2022. 
 Cost of Net Service Revenues. Cost of net service revenues consist of the salaries and related benefits of our professional services staff, travel, facilities and depreciation expenses. Cost of net service revenues as a percentage of net service revenues decreased to 14.8 in fiscal year 2023 compared to 16.0 in fiscal year 2022 and 15.3 in fiscal year 2021. Professional services headcount at the end of fiscal 2023 decreased to 1,046 from 1,091 at the end of fiscal 2022. Professional services headcount at the end of fiscal year 2022 increased to 1,091 from 1,014 at the end of fiscal 2021. In addition, cost of net service revenues included stock-based compensation expense of 22.2 million, 21.9 million and 22.1 million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Years Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Operating expenses Sales and marketing 878,215 926,591 929,983 Research and development 540,285 543,368 512,627 General and administrative 263,405 274,558 273,635 Restructuring charges 65,388 7,909 Total 1,747,293 1,752,426 1,716,245 Operating expenses (as a percentage of net revenue) Sales and marketing 31.2 34.4 35.7 Research and development 19.2 20.1 19.7 General and administrative 9.4 10.2 10.5 Restructuring charges 2.3 0.3 Total 62.1 65.0 65.9 
 Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist of the salaries, commissions and related benefits of our sales and marketing staff, the costs of our marketing programs, including public relations, advertising and trade shows, travel, facilities, and depreciation expenses. Sales and marketing expense decreased 48.4 million, or 5.2 in fiscal year 2023 from the prior year, and remained relatively flat year-over-year in fiscal 2022. The decrease in sales and marketing expense for fiscal year 2023 was primarily due to a decrease of 18.4 million in personnel costs. Sales and marketing headcount at the end of fiscal year 2023 decreased to 2,170 from 2,500 at the end of fiscal year 2022. The decrease in sales and marketing expense for fiscal year 2023 was also due to a decrease of 13.2 million in marketing spend as part of cost reductions implemented by management. In fiscal year 2022, sales and marketing expense included a decrease of 14.0 million in commissions, partially offset by an increase in employee travel and customer outreach of 12.9 million, compared to the prior year. Sales and marketing headcount at the end of fiscal year 2022 increased to 2,500 from 2,479 at the end of fiscal year 2021. Sales and marketing expense included stock-based compensation expense of 96.5 million, 104.3 million and 104.6 million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Research and Development. Research and development expenses consist of the salaries and related benefits of our product development personnel, prototype materials and other expenses related to the development of new and improved products, facilities and depreciation expenses. Research and development expense remained relatively flat in fiscal year 2023 from the prior year, as compared to a year-over-year increase of 30.7 million, or 6.0 in fiscal year 2022. Research and development headcount at the end of fiscal year 2023 decreased to 2,095 from 2,170 at the end of fiscal year 2022. In fiscal year 2022, the increase in research and development expense was primarily due to increased personnel costs of 29.6 million, compared to the prior year. The increase in personnel costs were driven by growth in research and development employee headcount during fiscal year 2022, including employees from the acquisition of Threat Stack. Research and development headcount at the end of fiscal year 2022 increased to 2,170 from 1,884 at the end of fiscal year 2021. Research and development expense included stock-based compensation expense of 69.4 million, 71.8 million and 67.2 million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 General and Administrative. General and administrative expenses consist of the salaries, benefits and related costs of our executive, finance, information technology, human resource and legal personnel, third-party professional service fees, bad debt charges, facilities and depreciation expenses. General and administrative expense decreased 11.2 million, or 4.1 in fiscal year 2023 from the prior year, and remained relatively flat year-over-year in fiscal 2022. The decrease in general and administrative expense for fiscal year 2023 was primarily due to a decrease of 7.0 million in fees paid to outside consultants for legal, accounting and tax services. General and administrative headcount at the end of fiscal year 2023 decreased to 855 from 984 at the end of fiscal year 2022. In fiscal year 2022, general and administrative expense included an increase of 15.4 million in personnel costs, partially offset by a decrease in fees paid to outside consultants for legal, accounting and tax services of 7.0 million and a decrease in facilities costs of 7.7 million, compared to the prior year. The increase in personnel costs were driven by growth in general and administrative employee headcount during fiscal year 2022. General and administrative headcount at the end of fiscal year 2022 increased to 984 from 829 at the end of fiscal year 2021. General and administrative expense included stock-based compensation expense of 41.1 million, 43.9 million and 42.4 million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring charges . In the third quarter of fiscal 2023, we initiated a restructuring plan to better align strategic and financial objectives, optimize operations, and drive efficiencies for long-term growth and profitability. We estimate the expenses associated with the headcount reductions will result in annualized savings of approximately 130 million. As a result of these initiatives, we recorded a restructuring charge of 56.7 million related to a reduction in workforce and exit of leased space that is reflected in our results for the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 In the first fiscal quarters of 2023 and 2022, we initiated restructuring plans to align strategic and financial objectives and optimize resources for long-term growth. As a result of these initiatives, we recorded restructuring charges of 8.7 million and 7.9 million related to a reduction in workforce that is reflected in our results for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. There were no restructuring expenses recorded for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Other income and income taxes Income from operations 472,568 403,792 394,025 Other income (expense), net 13,420 (18,399) (7,088) Income before income taxes 485,988 385,393 386,937 Provision for income taxes 91,040 63,233 55,696 Net income 394,948 322,160 331,241 Other income and income taxes (as percentage of net revenue) Income from operations 16.8 15.0 15.1 Other (expense) income, net 0.5 (0.7) (0.3) Income before income taxes 17.3 14.3 14.8 Provision for income taxes 3.3 2.3 2.1 Net income 14.0 12.0 12.7 
 Other Income (Expense), Net. Other income (expense), net, consists primarily of interest income and expense and foreign currency transaction gains and losses. Other income (expense), net increased 31.8 million in fiscal year 2023, as compared to fiscal year 2022 and decreased 11.3 million in fiscal year 2022, as compared to fiscal year 2021. The increase in other income (expense), net for fiscal year 2023 was primarily due to an increase in interest income of 16.5 million from our investments, and a decrease in interest expense of 5.5 million, compared to the prior year. In addition, foreign currency losses decreased 9.8 million for fiscal year 2023, compared to the prior year. The decrease in other income (expense), net for fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021 was primarily due to an increase in foreign currency losses of 7.8 million, and an increase in interest expense of 2.7 million, compared to the prior year. 
 Provision for Income Taxes. We recorded an 18.7 provision for income taxes for fiscal year 2023, compared to 16.4 in fiscal year 2022 and 14.4 in fiscal year 2021. The increase in effective tax rate from fiscal year 2022 to 2023 is primarily due to the tax impact of stock-based compensation and tax reserves. The increase in the effective tax rate from fiscal year 2021 to 2022 is primarily due to a discrete impact recorded in fiscal year 2021 from filing the Company s fiscal year 2020 U.S. federal income tax return. 
 We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount we believe is more likely than not to be realized. In making these determinations we consider historical and projected taxable income, and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the appropriateness of a valuation allowance. The net decrease in the valuation allowance of 2.2 million for fiscal year 2023 and net increase of 5.7 million for fiscal year 2022 was primarily related to tax net operating losses and credits incurred in certain foreign jurisdictions, and state tax carryforwards. Our net deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were 290.7 million, 180.6 million, and 125.8 million, respectively. 
 Our worldwide effective tax rate may fluctuate based on a number of factors, including variations in projected taxable income in the various geographic locations in which we operate, changes in the valuation of our net deferred tax assets, resolution of potential exposures, tax positions taken on tax returns filed in the various geographic locations in which we operate, and the introduction of new accounting standards or changes in tax laws or interpretations thereof in the various geographic locations in which we operate. We have recorded liabilities to address potential tax exposures related to business and income tax positions we have taken that could be challenged by taxing authorities. The ultimate resolution of these potential exposures may be greater or less than the liabilities recorded which could result in an adjustment to our future tax expense. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have funded our operations with our cash balances and cash generated from operations. 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash and cash equivalents and investments 808,391 894,110 1,043,385 Cash provided by operating activities 653,409 442,631 645,196 Cash provided by (used in) investing activities 36,393 218,116 (445,335) Cash used in financing activities (653,299) (476,508) (468,280) 
 Cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments totaled 808.4 million as of September 30, 2023, compared to 894.1 million as of September 30, 2022, representing a decrease of 85.7 million. The decrease was primarily due to cash used for the repayment of the Term Loan Facility, including the outstanding principal balance of 350.0 million, and all accrued, but unpaid interest outstanding of 3.0 million. In addition, 350.0 million of cash was used for the repurchase of outstanding common stock during fiscal year 2023. The decrease was partially offset by cash provided by operating activities of 653.4 million. As of September 30, 2023, 62.8 of our cash and cash equivalents and investment balances were outside of the U.S. The cash and cash equivalents and investment balances outside of the U.S. are subject to fluctuation based on the settlement of intercompany balances. In fiscal year 2022, the decrease to cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments from the prior year was primarily due to 500.0 million of cash used for the repurchase of outstanding common stock and 68.0 million in cash paid for the acquisition of Threat Stack in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. The decrease was also driven by 33.6 million of capital expenditures related to the expansion of our facilities to support our operations worldwide as well as investments in information technology infrastructure and equipment purchases to support our core business activities. The decrease was partially offset by cash provided by operating activities of 442.6 million. As of September 30, 2022, 62.8 of our cash and cash equivalents and investment balances were outside of the U.S. 
 Cash provided by operating activities during fiscal year 2023 was 653.4 million compared to 442.6 million in fiscal year 2022 and 645.2 million in fiscal year 2021. Cash provided by operating activities resulted primarily from cash generated from net income, after adjusting for non-cash charges such as stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization charges and changes in operating assets and liabilities. Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2023 increased from the prior year primarily due to an increase in net income, as well as an increase in cash received from customers. 
 Cash from operations could be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to the risks detailed in Part I, Item 1A titled Risk Factors. However, we anticipate our current cash, cash equivalents and investment balances, anticipated cash flows generated from operations, and available borrowing capacity on the Revolver Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs. 
 Cash provided by investing activities during fiscal year 2023 was 36.4 million compared to cash provided by investing activities of 218.1 million in fiscal year 2022 and cash used in investing activities of 445.3 million in fiscal year 2021. Investing activities include purchases, sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities, business acquisitions and capital expenditures. Cash provided by investing activities for fiscal year 2023 was primarily the result of 111.3 million in maturities of investments and 16.1 million in sales of investments, partially offset by 35.0 million in cash paid for acquisitions and 54.2 million in capital expenditures related to maintaining our operations worldwide. Cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2022 was primarily the result of 260.4 million in maturities of investments and 120.6 million in sales of investments, partially offset by 68.0 million cash paid for the acquisition Threat Stack in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 and purchases of investments of 61.3 million. Cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2021 was primarily the result of 411.3 million in cash paid for the acquisition businesses, primarily Volterra in the second quarter of fiscal 2021, along with capital expenditures related to maintaining our operations worldwide and the purchase of investments, partially offset by the maturity and sale of investments. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Cash used in financing activities was 653.3 million for fiscal year 2023, compared to cash used in financing activities of 476.5 million for fiscal year 2022 and cash used in financing activities of 468.3 million for fiscal year 2021. Cash used in financing activities for fiscal year 2023 included 350.0 million of cash used for the repayment of the Term Loan Facility, as well as 350.0 million of cash used to repurchase shares. In addition, 13.2 million in cash was used for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards. Cash used in financing activities was partially offset by cash received from the exercise of employee stock options and stock purchases under our employee stock purchase plan of 60.0 million. Cash used in financing activities for fiscal year 2022 included 500.0 million to repurchase shares under our Share Repurchase program, as well as 21.0 million in cash used for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards and 20.0 million in cash used to make principal payments on our term loan. Cash used in financing activities was partially offset by cash received from the exercise of employee stock options and stock purchases under our employee stock purchase plan of 64.5 million. Cash used in financing activities for fiscal year 2021 included 500.0 million to repurchase shares under our Accelerated Share Repurchase agreements, as well as 20.0 million in cash used to make principal payments on our term loan and 14.0 million in cash used for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards. Cash used in financing activities was partially offset by cash received from the exercise of employee stock options and stock purchases under our employee stock purchase plan of 65.8 million. 
 On January 31, 2020, we entered into a Revolving Credit Agreement (the "Revolving Credit Agreement") that provides for a senior unsecured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of 350.0 million (the "Revolving Credit Facility"). We have the option to increase commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility from time to time, subject to certain conditions, by up to 150.0 million. As of September 30, 2023, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, and we had available borrowing capacity of 350.0 million. 
 Based on our current operating and capital expenditure forecasts, we believe that our existing cash and investment balances, together with cash generated from operations should be sufficient to meet our operating requirements for the next twelve months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our rate of revenue growth, the expansion of our sales and marketing activities, the timing and extent of expansion into new territories, the timing of introductions of new products and enhancements of existing products, the continuing market acceptance of our products and cash paid for future acquisitions. 
 
 Obligations and Commitments 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had approximately 85.4 million of tax liabilities, including interest and penalties, related to uncertain tax positions (See Note 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). Because of the high degree of uncertainty regarding the settlement of these liabilities, we are unable to estimate the years in which future cash outflows may occur. 
 As of September 30, 2023, our principal commitments consisted of obligations outstanding under operating leases and purchase obligations with one of our component suppliers. 
 In October 2022, we entered into an unconditional purchase commitment with one of our suppliers for the delivery of systems components. Under the terms of the agreement, we are obligated to purchase 10 million of component inventory annually, with a total committed amount of 40 million over a four-year term. As of September 30, 2023, we had no remaining purchase commitments under the first year of the agreement. Our total non-cancelable long-term purchase commitments outstanding as of September 30, 2023 was million. 
 We have a contractual obligation to purchase inventory components procured by our primary contract manufacturer in accordance with our annual build forecast. The contractual terms of the obligation contain cancellation provisions, which reduce our liability to purchase inventory components for periods greater than one year. In order to support our build forecast, we will, from time-to-time prepay our primary contract manufacturer for inventory purchases. 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 
 There have been no material changes in recently issued or adopted accounting standards from those disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk. Our cash equivalents consist of high-quality securities, as specified in our investment policy guidelines. The policy limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issue or issuer to a maximum of 5 of the total portfolio with the exception of U.S. treasury and agency securities and money market funds, which are exempt from size limitation. The policy requires investments in securities that mature in three years or less, with the average maturity being no greater than one and a half years. These securities are subject to interest rate risk and will decrease in value if interest rates increase. Due to the short-term nature of our investment portfolio, we do not believe an immediate 10 increase or decrease in interest rates would have a material effect on the fair market value of our portfolio. Therefore, we do not expect our operating results or cash flows to be materially affected by a sudden change in interest rates. 
 Inflation Risk. We are actively monitoring the current inflationary environment, but we do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the current inflationary environment constrains our customers ability to procure goods and services from us, we may see customers reprioritize these investment decisions. These macroeconomic conditions could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Foreign Currency Risk. The majority of our sales, cost of net revenues, and operating expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars and as a result, we have not experienced significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses to date. While we conduct transactions in foreign currencies and expect to continue to do so, we do not anticipate that foreign currency transaction gains or losses will be significant at our current level of operations. However, as we continue to expand our operations internationally, transaction gains or losses may become significant in the future. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F5, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 45 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 47 
 Consolidated Income Statements 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 51 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 53 

44 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of F5, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of F5, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of shareholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 20, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023] in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition for Certain Products and Services Contracts 
 
 As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company sells hardware and perpetual software products and offers several products by subscription, either through term-based license agreements or as SaaS offerings. Evidence of a contract generally consists of a purchase order. The purchase price stated in an agreed upon purchase order is generally representative of the transaction price. The transaction price in a contract is allocated based upon the relative standalone selling price of each distinct performance obligation identified in the contract. Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control of promised products and services to a customer. Revenue from the sale of the Company's hardware and perpetual software products is generally recognized at a point in time when the product has been fulfilled and the customer is obligated to pay for the product. Revenue for term-based license agreements is recognized at a point in time, when the Company delivers the software license to the customer and the subscription term has commenced. Revenue for SaaS offerings is recognized ratably as the services are provided. Revenues for post-contract customer support are recognized on a straight-line basis over the service contract term. The Company s products and services revenue was 1,335 million and 1,479 million, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2023, of which a portion relates to certain products and services contracts. 
 
 The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition for certain products and services contracts is a critical audit matter is a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the Company s revenue recognition. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing the accuracy and existence of certain product and service revenue recognized for a sample of revenue transactions by obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as purchase orders, invoices, and proof of shipments or delivery, where applicable; (ii) testing, on a sample basis, the determination of the standalone selling price of certain performance obligations, including testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by management; and (iii) confirming a sample of outstanding customer invoice balances as of September 30, 2023 and, for confirmations not returned, obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as invoices, proof of shipment or delivery, and subsequent cash receipts. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 November 14, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1996. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 F5, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands) 
 
 September 30, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and 
 Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Long-term investments Deferred tax assets Goodwill Other assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Deferred revenue, long-term Operating lease liabilities, long-term Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Shareholders equity Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 F5, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 Net revenues Products Services Total Cost of net revenues Products Services Total Gross profit Operating expenses Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Restructuring charges Total Income from operations Other income (expense), net ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per share basic Weighted average shares basic Net income per share diluted Weighted average shares diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 F5, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Available-for-sale securities: Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes of , ), and ) for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for realized (losses) gains included in net income, net of taxes of , , and ) for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 F5, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Common Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Balances, September 30, 2020 ) Exercise of employee stock options Issuance of stock under employee stock purchase plan 
 Issuance of restricted stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances, September 30, 2021 ) Exercise of employee stock options Issuance of stock under employee stock purchase plan 
 Issuance of restricted stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balances, September 30, 2022 ) Exercise of employee stock options Issuance of stock under employee stock purchase plan 
 Issuance of restricted stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income Other comprehensive income Balances, September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 F5, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Non-cash operating lease costs Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Impairment of assets Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities (excluding effects of the acquisition of businesses): Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Other current assets ) ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Deferred revenue Lease liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchases of investments ) ) ) Maturities of investments Sales of investments Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Financing activities Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and purchases of stock under employee stock purchase plan 
 Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Payments on term debt agreement ) ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 
 ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Years Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid for taxes, net of refunds Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities Cash paid for interest on long-term debt Supplemental disclosures of non-cash activities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 F5, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the improvements. The cost of normal maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred and expenditures for major improvements are capitalized at cost. Gains or losses on the disposition of assets are reflected in the consolidated income statements at the time of disposal. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 reporting unit and the fair value of its reporting unit has been determined by the Company s enterprise value. The Company performs its annual goodwill impairment test during the second fiscal quarter. 
 For its annual impairment test performed in the second quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company completed a quantitative assessment and determined that there was no impairment of goodwill. The Company also considered potential impairment indicators of goodwill at September 30, 2023 and noted no indicators of impairment. 
 
 . Amortization expense related to acquired developed technology is charged to cost of product revenues. Amortization expense related to customer relationships, trade names, and non-compete covenants is charged to sales and marketing activities. Amortization expense related to patents and trademarks is charged to general and administrative activities. The Company evaluates the recoverability of intangible assets periodically by taking into account events or circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate the asset may be impaired. 
 , and are included in property and equipment in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 days to net days. 
 Global Services 
 Revenues for post-contract customer support ("PCS") are recognized on a straight-line basis over the service contract term. PCS includes a limited period of telephone support, updates, repair or replacement of any failed product or component that fails during the term of the agreement, bug fixes and rights to upgrades, when and if available. Consulting services are customarily billed at fixed hourly rates, plus out-of-pocket expenses, and revenues are recognized as the consulting is delivered. Similarly, training revenue is recognized as the training is completed. 
 Contract Acquisition Costs 
 Sales commissions earned by the Company's sales force are considered incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. Sales commissions for initial service contracts and subscription offerings are deferred and then amortized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the period of benefit, which management has determined to be years for initial service and to years for subscription offerings. 
 Flexible Consumption Program 
 The Company enters into certain contracts with customers, including flexible consumption programs and multi-year subscriptions, with non-standard terms and conditions. Management assesses contractual terms in these agreements to identify and evaluate performance obligations. Management allocates consideration to each performance obligation based on relative fair value using standalone selling price and recognizes associated revenue as control is transferred to the customer. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 for hardware for those customers without service contracts, with the option of purchasing additional warranty coverage in yearly increments. The Company accrues for warranty costs as part of its cost of sales based on associated material product costs and technical support labor costs. Warranty expense and accrued warranty costs were not material for all periods presented. 
 million, million and million in advertising costs during the fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 reportable operating segment. 
 . The value of an RSU is based upon the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The value of RSUs is determined using the intrinsic value method and is based on the number of shares granted and the quoted price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 of the annual performance stock grant is based on achieving certain annual revenue; (2) of the annual performance stock grant is based on achieving an increase annual software revenue compared to the prior year; and (3) of the annual performance stock grant is based on relative total shareholder return ("TSR") benchmarked to the S P 500 index. In fiscal 2023, the Company's Talent and Compensation Committee amended the metrics for the performance stock awards to replace software revenue with earnings per share. In each case, no vesting or payment with respect to a performance goal shall occur unless a minimum threshold is met for the applicable goal. Vesting and payment with respect to the performance goal is linear above the threshold of the applicable goal and is capped at achievement of above target. 
 The Company recognizes compensation costs for awards with performance conditions and market conditions on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award and, for awards with performance conditions, when it concludes it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. The Company reassesses the probability of vesting at each balance sheet date and adjusts compensation costs based on the probability assessment. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 Additional capitalized contract acquisition costs Amortization of capitalized contract acquisition costs ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 Amortization of capitalized contract acquisition costs was million, million, and million for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and is recorded in Sales and Marketing expense in the accompanying consolidated income statements. There was impairment of any capitalized contract acquisition costs during any period presented. 
 Contract Balances 
 Timing may differ between the satisfaction of performance obligations and the invoicing and collection of amounts related to the Company's contracts with customers. Liabilities are recorded for amounts that are collected in advance of the satisfaction of performance obligations, or for contracts with customers that contain the Company's unconditional rights to consideration, for which the customer has not been billed. These liabilities are classified as current and non-current deferred revenue. 
 
 Amounts added but not recognized as revenues Deferred revenue acquired through acquisition of businesses Revenues recognized related to the opening balance of deferred revenue ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations represent the amount of the transaction price under contracts with customers that are attributable to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially satisfied at the reporting date. The composition of unsatisfied performance obligations consists mainly of deferred service revenue, and to a lesser extent, deferred product revenue, for which the Company has an obligation to perform, and has not yet recognized as revenue in the consolidated financial statements. As of September 30, 2023, the total non-cancelable remaining performance obligations under the Company's contracts with customers was billion and the Company expects to recognize revenues on approximately of these remaining performance obligations over the next months, in year two, and the remaining balance thereafter. 
 See Note 15 - Segment Information, for disaggregated revenue by significant customer and geographic region, as well as disaggregated product revenue by systems and software. 
 
 3. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 million in cash, subject to certain adjustments and conditions set forth in the Threat Stack Merger Agreement. Transaction costs associated with the acquisition were not material. 
 As a result of the acquisition, the Company acquired all the assets and assumed all the liabilities of Threat Stack. The goodwill related to the Threat Stack acquisition is comprised primarily of expected synergies from combining operations and the acquired intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. Goodwill related to the Threat Stack acquisition was not deductible for tax purposes. The results of operations of Threat Stack have been included in the Company's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
 Other net tangible assets acquired, at fair value Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Identifiable intangible assets: Developed technology years Customer relationships years Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed Deferred revenue ) Total liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired 
 The measurement period for the Threat Stack acquisition lapsed during the first quarter of fiscal 2023. The Company recorded immaterial adjustments to consideration exchanged for the purchase of Threat Stack within the post-close measurement period. 
 The developed technology intangible asset is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of and included in cost of net product revenues. The customer relationships intangible asset is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of and included in sales and marketing expenses. The weighted-average life of the amortizable intangible assets recognized from the Threat Stack acquisition was as of October 1, 2021, the date the transaction closed. The estimated useful lives for the acquired intangible assets were based on the expected future cash flows associated with the respective asset. 
 The pro forma financial information, as well as the revenue and earnings generated by Threat Stack, were not material to the Company's operations for the periods presented. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 million in cash, subject to certain adjustments and conditions set forth in the Volterra Merger Agreement. The unvested stock options and restricted stock units in Volterra held by continuing employees of Volterra were assumed by F5, on the terms and conditions set forth in the Volterra Merger Agreement. The Company incurred million of transaction costs associated with the acquisition which was included in General and Administrative expenses in fiscal 2021. 
 As a result of the acquisition, the Company acquired all the assets and assumed all the liabilities of Volterra. The goodwill related to the Volterra acquisition is comprised primarily of expected synergies from combining operations and the acquired intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. Goodwill related to the Volterra acquisition was not deductible for tax purposes. The results of operations of Volterra have been included in the Company's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
 Other tangible assets acquired, at fair value Identifiable intangible assets: Developed technology years Customer relationships year Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired 
 The measurement period for the Volterra acquisition lapsed during the second quarter of fiscal 2022. The Company recorded immaterial adjustments to consideration exchanged for the purchase of Volterra within the post-close measurement period. 
 The developed technology intangible asset is being amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of and included in cost of net product revenues. The customer relationships intangible asset was amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of and included in sales and marketing expenses. The weighted-average life of the amortizable intangible assets recognized from the Volterra acquisition was years as of January 22, 2021, the date the transaction closed. The estimated useful lives for the acquired intangible assets were based on the expected future cash flows associated with the respective asset. 
 The pro forma financial information, as well as the revenue and earnings generated by Volterra, were not material to the Company's operations for the periods presented. 
 
 4. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate bonds and notes Level 2 ) Municipal bonds and notes Level 2 ) U.S. government securities Level 2 U.S. government agency securities Level 2 ) Total debt investments ) Changes in fair value recorded in other net income (expense) Equity investments Total equity investments Total investments 
 The fair value of this equity investment is measured at net asset value (NAV) which approximates fair value and is not classified within the fair value hierarchy . 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate bonds and notes Level 2 ) Municipal bonds and notes Level 2 ) U.S. government securities Level 2 ) U.S. government agency securities Level 2 ) Total debt investments ) Changes in fair value recorded in other net income (expense) Equity investments Total equity investments Total investments 
 
 The Company uses the fair value hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities. The carrying amounts of other current financial assets and other current financial liabilities approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. 
 Interest income from investments was not material for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. Interest income is included in other income (expense), net on the Company's consolidated income statements. Unrealized losses on investments held for a period greater than 12 months at September 30, 2023 and 2022 were not material. 
 The Company invests in debt securities that are rated investment grade. The Company reviews the individual debt securities in its portfolio to determine whether a credit loss exists by comparing the extent to which the fair value is less than the amortized cost and considering any changes to ratings of a debt security by a ratings agency. The Company determined that as of September 30, 2023, there were no credit losses on any investments within its portfolio. 
 Assets Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 The Company s non-financial long-lived assets, which include goodwill and other intangible assets, are not required to be carried at fair value on a recurring basis. These non-financial assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis when there is an indicator of impairment, and they are recorded at fair value only when impairment is recognized. The Company reviews goodwill for impairment annually, during the second quarter of each fiscal year, or as circumstances indicate the possibility of impairment. The Company monitors the carrying value of tangible and intangible long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate its carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded an impairment of million against the operating lease right-of-use asset related to its third quarter of fiscal 2023 restructuring plan, see Note 13, Restructuring Charges. The charge was reflected in the Restructuring Charges line item on the Company's consolidated income statement. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2022, as a result of a planned change in the use of the asset, the Company recorded an impairment of million against the Shape trade name intangible asset, which was reflected in the Sales and Marketing line item on the Company's consolidated income statement. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 million against the operating lease right-of-use asset related to the permanent exit of six floors in its corporate headquarters and million for tenant improvements and other fixed assets associated with the exited floors. The Company also recorded an impairment of million against the operating lease right-of-use asset related to the integration of the former Shape headquarters in Santa Clara, California and million for other fixed assets associated with the impaired Shape headquarters. The Company calculated the fair value of the right-of-use assets, tenant improvements and other fixed assets based on estimated future discounted cash flows and classified the fair value as a Level 3 measurement due to the significance of unobservable inputs, which included the amount and timing of estimated sublease rental receipts that the Company could reasonably obtain over the remaining lease term and the discount rate. The impairment charges for the year ended September 30, 2021 were allocated to various expense line items on the Company s consolidated income statements based on the teams that previously worked out of the exited space. 
 Cost of net service revenue Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Restructuring charges Total impairment charges 
 The Company did not recognize any other impairment charges related to non-financial long-lived assets for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 5. 
 Restricted cash included in other assets, net Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Inventories 
 Raw materials 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Prepaid expenses Capitalized contract acquisition costs Other 1 
 
 (1) As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, includes a deposit of million and million, respectively, used to support the working capital needs of the Company s primary contract manufacturer's procurement of components used in the manufacturing of system hardware. 
 Property and Equipment 
 Software Office furniture and equipment Leasehold improvements Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 Depreciation and amortization expense totaled approximately million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 There were no property and equipment impairment charges for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recorded an impairment of million for leasehold improvements and other fixed assets associated with the permanent exit of six floors in its corporate headquarters. The Company also recorded an impairment of million for fixed assets associated with the integration of the former Shape headquarters in Santa Clara, California. The impairment charges for the year ended September 30, 2021 were allocated to various expense line items on the Company s consolidated income statements based on the teams that previously worked out of the exited space. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisition of Threat Stack, Inc. Other ) Balance, September 30, 2022 Other business acquisitions Balance, September 30, 2023 
 Other Assets 
 Unbilled receivables Capitalized contract acquisition costs Other 
 ) ) Customer relationships 
 ) ) Patents and trademarks 
 ) ) Trade names 
 ) ) Non-compete covenants 
 ) ) ) ) 
 There were no intangible asset impairment charges for the year ended September 30, 2023. During the year ended September 30, 2022, as a result of a planned change in the use of the asset, the Company recorded an impairment of million against the Shape trade name intangible asset, which was reflected in the Sales and Marketing line item on the Company's consolidated income statement. 
 Amortization expense related to intangible assets was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Operating lease liabilities, current Income and other tax accruals Other 
 Other Long-term Liabilities 
 Other 
 
 6. 
 million (the "Term Loan Facility"). The Term Loan Facility had an original maturity date of January 24, 2023 with quarterly installments equal to of the original principal amount. Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bore interest at a rate equal to LIBOR, plus an applicable margin of to depending on the Company's leverage ratio. The proceeds from the Term Loan Facility were primarily used to finance the acquisition of Shape and related expenses. In connection with the Term Loan Facility, the Company incurred million in debt issuance costs, which were recorded as a reduction to the carrying value of the principal amount of the debt. 
 On December 15, 2022, the Company voluntarily prepaid, in full, all borrowings under the Term Loan Facility, including the outstanding principal balance of million, and all accrued, but unpaid interest outstanding of million. All remaining debt issuance costs were amortized to interest expense associated with the prepayment. As a result of the payoff of its Term Loan Facility, the Company was released of any and all obligations, maintenance of covenants, and indebtedness under the Term Credit Agreement. The weighted average interest rate on the principal amount under the Term Loan Facility outstanding balance was for the period of October 1, 2022 to December 15, 2022. 
 As of September 30, 2022, million of principal amount under the Term Loan Facility was outstanding, excluding unamortized debt issuance costs of million. The outstanding principal amount was included in current liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2022. The weighted average interest rate on the principal amount under the Term Loan Facility outstanding balance was and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Revolving Credit Agreement 
 On January 31, 2020, the Company entered into a Revolving Credit Agreement (the "Revolving Credit Agreement") that provides for a senior unsecured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of million (the "Revolving Credit Facility"). The Company has the option to increase commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility from time to time, subject to certain conditions, by up to million. Historically, borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bore interest at a rate equal to, at the Company's option, (a) LIBOR, adjusted for customary statutory reserves, plus an applicable margin of to depending on the Company's leverage ratio, or (b) an alternate base rate determined in accordance with the Revolving Credit Agreement, plus an applicable margin of to depending on the Company's leverage ratio. On May 26, 2023, the Company amended the Revolving Credit Agreement as a result of the cessation of the LIBOR borrowing reference rate. The amendment modified and directly replaced the LIBOR borrowing reference rate within the Revolving Credit Agreement to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). After the amendment, borrowings under the Revolving Credit 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 , plus an applicable margin of to depending on the Company's leverage ratio, or (b) an alternate base rate determined in accordance with the Revolving Credit Agreement, plus an applicable margin of to depending on the Company's leverage ratio. The Revolving Credit Agreement also requires payment of a commitment fee calculated at a rate per annum of to depending on the Company's leverage ratio on the undrawn portion of the Revolving Credit Facility. Commitment fees incurred during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 were not material. 
 extensions of the maturity date in each case for an additional period of . Among certain affirmative and negative covenants provided in the Revolving Credit Agreement, there is a financial covenant that requires the Company to maintain a leverage ratio, calculated as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, of consolidated total indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA. As of September 30, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. As of September 30, 2023, there were outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, and the Company had available borrowing capacity of million. 
 
 7. 
 square feet of office space. The lease commenced in April 2019 and expires in 2033 with an option for renewal. The Company also leases additional office and lab space for product development and sales and support personnel in the United States and internationally. The Company's lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Total lease expense 
 
 Variable lease expense primarily consists of common area maintenance, real estate taxes and parking expenses. 
 Operating lease liabilities, current 1 
 Operating lease liabilities, long-term Total operating lease liabilities 
 Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted average discount rate 
 (1) Current portion of operating lease liabilities is included in accrued liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 Operating lease liabilities above do not include sublease income. As of September 30, 2023, the Company expects to receive sublease income of approximately million, which consists of million to be received in fiscal year 2024 and million to be received over the two fiscal years thereafter. 
 During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded an impairment of million against the operating lease right-of-use asset related to its third quarter of fiscal 2023 restructuring plan, see Note 13, Restructuring Charges. There were no impairments against right-of-use assets for the year ended September 30, 2022. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recorded an impairment of million against the operating lease right-of-use asset related to the exit of six floors in its corporate headquarters. The Company also recorded an impairment of million against the right-of-use asset related to the integration of the former Shape headquarters in Santa Clara, California. 
 As of September 30, 2023, the Company had no significant operating leases that were executed but not yet commenced. 
 
 8. 
 International 
 State Foreign Total Deferred U.S. federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 State taxes, net of federal benefit Tax impact of foreign operations ) ) ) Research and development and other credits ) ) ) Stock-based and other compensation Other 
 The Company does not maintain an indefinite reinvestment assertion on unremitted foreign earnings and has recorded a deferred tax liability for any estimated foreign, federal, or state tax liabilities associated with a future repatriation of foreign earnings. 
 The Company benefits from tax incentive arrangements in certain foreign jurisdictions, one of which expired in fiscal year 2021 and the rest of which expire in fiscal years 2026 to 2034. The tax incentive agreements are conditional upon meeting certain operational, employment, and investment requirements. These arrangements decreased foreign taxes by million, million and million, and increased diluted earnings per common share by , and for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Capitalized research and development costs Accrued compensation and benefits Stock-based compensation Deferred revenue Lease liabilities Other accruals and reserves Tax credit carryforwards Depreciation Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax liabilities Purchased intangibles ) ) Depreciation ) ) Deferred costs ) ) Lease assets ) ) Other accruals and reserves ) ) ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 million that can be carried forward indefinitely, and million that will expire in fiscal years 2038 to 2039. The Company had million of federal net operating loss carryforwards, of which million can be carried forward indefinitely and million that will expire in fiscal years 2033 to 2038. The annual utilization of the federal net operating loss carryforwards is limited under Internal Revenue Code Section 382. The Company also had million of state net operating loss carryforwards, of which million can be carried forward indefinitely and million will expire in fiscal years 2029 to 2043. In addition, there are million of foreign credit carryforwards that can be carried forward indefinitely, million of foreign credit carryforwards that will expire in fiscal years 2024 to 2039, million of federal credit carryforwards that will expire in fiscal years 2033 to 2041, million of state tax credit carryforwards that can be carried forward indefinitely, and million of state tax credit carryforwards that will expire in fiscal years 2032 to 2038. Management believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain foreign net operating loss and credit carryforwards and state tax net operating loss and credit carryforwards will not be realized. In recognition of this risk, the Company has provided a valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets relating to these carryforwards. The net change in the total valuation allowance was a decrease of million and an increase of million for years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 The Company recognizes the financial statement impact of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized in the financial statements is the largest impact that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. 
 Gross increases related to prior period tax positions Gross decreases related to prior period tax positions ) ) Gross increases related to current period tax positions Decreases relating to settlements with tax authorities ) ) Reductions due to lapses of statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was million, million, and million as of September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, of which, million, million, and million, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. There is a reasonable possibility that the Company s unrecognized tax benefits will change within twelve months due to audit settlements or the expiration of statute of limitations, but the Company does not expect the change to be material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company recognizes interest and, if applicable, penalties (not included in the unrecognized tax benefits table above) for any uncertain tax positions. Interest and penalties are recorded as a component of income tax expense. In the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded approximately a million increase, million decrease and million increase, respectively, of interest and penalty expense related to uncertain tax positions. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had a cumulative balance of accrued interest and penalties on unrecognized tax positions of million and million, respectively. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as the income tax of multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company has concluded all U.S. federal income tax matters for fiscal years through September 30, 2018. Major jurisdictions where there are wholly owned subsidiaries of F5, Inc. which require income tax filings include the United Kingdom, Singapore, Israel, and India. The earliest periods open for review by local taxing authorities are fiscal years 2022 for the United Kingdom, 2018 for Singapore, 2013 for Israel, and 2018 for India. The Company is currently under audit by the Internal Revenue Service for fiscal year 2019, by various states for fiscal years 2015 through 2022, and by various foreign jurisdictions including India for fiscal years 2018 to 2022, Israel for fiscal years 2013 to 2017, Saudi Arabia for fiscal years 2015 to 2020, and Singapore for fiscal years 2019 to 2020. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 billion for its common stock share repurchase program. This authorization is incremental to the existing billion program, initially approved in October 2010 and expanded in subsequent fiscal years. Acquisitions for the share repurchase programs will be made from time to time in private transactions, accelerated share repurchase programs, or open market purchases as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. The programs can be terminated at any time. 
 On February 3, 2021, the Company entered into Accelerated Share Repurchase ("ASR") agreements with two financial institutions under which the Company paid an aggregate of million. The ASR agreements were accounted for as two separate transactions (1) a repurchase of common stock and (2) an equity-linked contract on the Company's own stock. Upon execution of the ASR agreements, the Company received an initial delivery of shares for an aggregate price of million, based on the market price of per share of the Company's common stock on the date of the transaction. The initial shares received by the Company were retired immediately upon receipt. The equity-linked contract for the remaining million, representing remaining shares to be delivered by the financial institutions under the ASR agreements, was recorded to common stock as of March 31, 2021 and was settled in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 with the Company receiving additional shares, which were retired immediately upon receipt. The total ASR resulted in a repurchase of shares of the Company's common stock at a volume weighted average repurchase price, less an agreed upon discount, of per share. The shares received by the Company were retired, accounted for as a reduction to stockholder s equity in the consolidated balance sheets, and treated as a repurchase of common stock for purposes of calculating earnings per share. The Company was not required to make any additional cash payments or delivery of common stock to the financial institutions upon settlement of the agreements. 
 Average price per share Amount repurchased 
 As of September 30, 2023, the Company had million remaining authorized to purchase shares under its share repurchase program. 
 
 10. 
 million, million and million of stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The income tax benefit recognized on stock-based compensation within income tax expense was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, there was million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation cost, the substantial majority of which will be recognized over approximately . Going forward, stock-based compensation expenses may increase as the Company issues additional equity-based awards to continue to attract and retain key employees. On October 31, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors and Talent and Compensation Committee approved RSUs to employees and executive officers pursuant to the Company s annual equity awards program. 
 Company has adopted a number of stock-based compensation plans as discussed below. 
 2011 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. In April 2012, the Board of Directors amended and restated the Company s 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. A total of shares of common stock have been reserved for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The Employee Stock Purchase Plan permits eligible employees to acquire shares of the Company s common stock through periodic payroll deductions of up to of base compensation. No employee may purchase more than shares during an offering period. In addition, no employee may purchase more than worth of stock, determined by the fair market value of the shares at the time such option is granted, in one calendar year. The Employee Stock Purchase Plan has been implemented in a series of offering periods, each months in duration. The price at which the common stock may be purchased is of the lesser of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the first day of the applicable offering period or on the last day of the respective purchase period. As of September 30, 2023 there were shares available for awards under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected dividend Expected term years years years Expected volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Acquisition Related Incentive Plans. In May 2019, the Company adopted the Nginx Acquisition Equity Incentive Plan, or the Nginx Acquisition Plan. The Nginx Acquisition Plan provided for discretionary grants of stock options and stock units for employees, directors and consultants of Nginx, Inc. to whom the Company offered employment in connection with the Company s acquisition of Nginx. A total of shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the Nginx Acquisition Plan. Upon certain changes in control of the Company, the surviving entity will either assume or substitute all outstanding stock awards under the Nginx Acquisition Plan or the vesting of of the stock awards shall be accelerated. During the fiscal year 2023, the Company issued no stock options or restricted stock units under the Nginx Acquisition Plan. As of September 30, 2023, there were no options outstanding and stock units outstanding. The Company terminated the Nginx Acquisition Plan effective October 31, 2019 and no additional shares may be issued from the Nginx Acquisition Plan. 
 In connection with the Company s acquisition of Nginx, Inc. in the third quarter of fiscal year 2019, the Company assumed the Nginx Inc. 2011 Share Plan, or the Nginx Plan. Unvested options to acquire Nginx's common stock and unvested stock units with respect to Nginx s common stock were converted into options to acquire the Company s common stock and stock units with respect to the Company s stock in connection with the acquisition. A total of shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the Nginx Plan (including converted options and stock units). The Nginx Plan provided for grants of stock options, stock awards and stock units to persons who were employees, officers, directors and consultants to Nginx, Inc. prior to May 8, 2019. During the fiscal year 2023, the Company issued no stock options or restricted stock units under the Nginx Plan. As of September 30, 2023, there were options to purchase shares outstanding and no stock units outstanding. The Company terminated the Nginx Plan effective October 31, 2019 and no additional shares may be issued from the Nginx Plan. 
 In January 2020, the Company adopted the Shape Acquisition Equity Incentive Plan, or the Shape Acquisition Plan. The Shape Acquisition Plan provided for discretionary grants of stock options and stock units for employees, directors and consultants of Shape Security, Inc. to whom the Company offered employment in connection with the Company s acquisition of Shape. A total of shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the Shape Acquisition Plan. Upon certain changes in control of the Company, the surviving entity will either assume or substitute all outstanding stock awards under the Shape Acquisition Plan or the vesting of of the stock awards shall be accelerated. During the fiscal year 2023, the Company issued no stock options or restricted stock units under the Shape Acquisition Plan. As of September 30, 2023, there were no options outstanding and stock units outstanding. The Company terminated the Shape Acquisition Plan effective December 28, 2020 and no additional shares may be issued from the Shape Acquisition Plan. 
 In connection with the Company s acquisition of Shape Security, Inc. in the second quarter of fiscal year 2020, the Company assumed the Shape 2011 Stock Plan, or the Shape Plan. Unvested options to acquire Shape s common stock and unvested stock units with respect to Shape s common stock were converted into options to acquire the Company s common stock and stock units with respect to the Company s stock in connection with the acquisition. A total of shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the Shape Plan (including converted options and stock units). The Shape Plan provided for grants of stock options, stock awards and stock units to persons who were employees, officers, directors and consultants to Shape Security, Inc. prior to January 24, 2020. During the fiscal year 2023, the Company issued no stock options or restricted stock units under the Shape Plan. As of September 30, 2023, there were options to purchase shares outstanding and no stock units outstanding. The Company terminated the Shape Plan effective December 28, 2020 and no additional shares may be issued from the Shape Plan. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the Volterra Acquisition Plan. Upon certain changes in control of the Company, the surviving entity will either assume or substitute all outstanding stock awards under the Volterra Acquisition Plan or the vesting of of the stock awards shall be accelerated. During the fiscal year 2023, the Company issued no stock options or restricted stock units under the Volterra Acquisition Plan. As of September 30, 2023, there were no options outstanding and stock units outstanding. The Company terminated the Volterra Acquisition Plan effective October 29, 2021 and no additional shares may be issued from the Volterra Acquisition Plan. 
 In connection with the Company s acquisition of Volterra, Inc. in the second quarter of fiscal year 2021, the Company assumed the Volterra 2017 Stock Plan, or the Volterra Plan. Unvested options to acquire Volterra s common stock and unvested stock units with respect to Volterra s common stock were converted into options to acquire the Company s common stock and stock units with respect to the Company s stock in connection with the acquisition. A total of shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the Volterra Plan (including converted options and stock units). The Volterra Plan provided for grants of stock options, stock awards and stock units to persons who were employees, officers, directors and consultants to Volterra, Inc. prior to January 22, 2021. During the fiscal year 2023, the Company issued no stock options or restricted stock units under the Volterra Plan. As of September 30, 2023, there were options to purchase shares outstanding and stock units outstanding. The Company terminated the Volterra Plan effective October 29, 2021 and no additional shares may be issued from the Volterra Plan. 
 In November 2021, the Company adopted the Threat Stack Acquisition Equity Incentive Plan, or the Threat Stack Acquisition Plan. The Threat Stack Acquisition Plan provided for discretionary grants of stock options and stock units for employees, directors and consultants of Threat Stack to whom the Company offered employment in connection with the Company s acquisition of Threat Stack. A total of shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the Threat Stack Acquisition Plan. Upon certain changes in control of the Company, the surviving entity will either assume or substitute all outstanding stock awards under the Threat Stack Acquisition Plan or the vesting of of the stock awards shall be accelerated. During the fiscal year 2023, the Company issued no stock options or restricted stock units under the Threat Stack Acquisition Plan. As of September 30, 2023, there were no options outstanding and stock units outstanding. The Company terminated the Threat Stack Acquisition Equity Incentive Plan effective January 10, 2022 and no additional shares may be issued from the Threat Stack Acquisition Plan. 
 In February 2023, the Company adopted the Lilac Acquisition Equity Incentive Plan, or the Lilac Acquisition Plan. The Lilac Acquisition Plan provided for discretionary grants of stock options and stock units for employees, directors and consultants of Lilac Cloud, Inc. to whom the Company offered employment in connection with the Company s acquisition of Lilac. A total of shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the Lilac Acquisition Plan. Upon certain changes in control of the Company, the surviving entity will either assume or substitute all outstanding stock awards under the Lilac Acquisition Plan or the vesting of of the stock awards shall be accelerated. During the fiscal year 2023, the Company issued no stock options and restricted stock units under the Lilac Acquisition Plan. As of September 30, 2023, there were no options outstanding and stock units outstanding. The Company terminated the Lilac Acquisition Plan effective October 31, 2023 and no additional shares may be issued from the Lilac Acquisition Plan. 
 In connection with the Company s acquisition of Lilac Cloud, Inc. in the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Company assumed the Lilac Cloud 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, or the Lilac Plan. Unvested options to acquire Lilac s common stock and unvested stock units with respect to Lilac s common stock were converted into options to acquire the Company s common stock and stock units with respect to the Company s stock in connection with the acquisition. A total of shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the Lilac Plan (including converted options and stock units). The Lilac Plan provided for grants of stock options, stock awards and stock units to persons who were employees, officers, directors and consultants to Lilac Cloud, Inc. prior to February 1, 2023. During the fiscal year 2023, the Company issued stock options and no restricted stock units under the Lilac Plan. As of September 30, 2023, there were options to purchase shares outstanding and no stock units outstanding. The Company terminated the Lilac Plan effective October 31, 2023 and no additional shares may be issued from the Lilac Plan. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock have been reserved for issuance under the Plan. Upon certain changes in control of the Company, all outstanding and unvested options or stock awards under the Plan will vest at the rate of , unless assumed or substituted by the acquiring entity. During the fiscal year 2023, the Company issued no stock options, performance stock units and restricted stock units under the Plan. As of September 30, 2023, there were no options outstanding, performance stock units outstanding, restricted stock units outstanding and shares available for new awards under the Plan. 
 Units granted Units vested ) ) Units cancelled ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 
 A majority of the restricted stock units the Company grants to its employees vest quarterly over a two -year period. The performance stock units, restricted stock units and stock options under all plans were granted during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 with a per-share weighted average fair value of , and , respectively. The fair value of performance stock units and restricted stock units vested during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Tranche 2 Tranche 3 
 Quarterly, Annually 1,2 
 years November 1, 2025 November 1, 2021 Quarterly, Annually 1,2 
 years November 1, 2024 November 2, 2020 Quarterly, Annually 1 
 years November 1, 2023 November 1, 2019 Quarterly, Annually 1 
 years November 1, 2022 
 (1) of the annual equity grant vests in equal quarterly increments and is subject to the Company achieving specified annual performance goals. 
 (2) For the Company's Chief Executive Officer, of the annual equity grant vests in equal quarterly increments and is subject to the Company achieving specified annual performance goals. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Options granted Options exercised ) Options cancelled ) Balance, September 30, 2023 
 All stock options granted in fiscal years 2023 and 2021 were replacement awards of those assumed as part of business acquisitions. There were no stock options granted in fiscal year 2022. 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Exercisable Vested and expected to vest 
 (1) Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the fair value of the Company s common stock underlying these options at September 30, 2023 and the related exercise prices. 
 Granted ) Cancelled Additional shares reserved (terminated), net Balance, September 30, 2023 
 
 11. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Denominator Weighted average shares outstanding basic Dilutive effect of common shares from stock options and restricted stock units 
 Weighted average shares outstanding diluted Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share 
 Anti-dilutive stock-based awards excluded from the calculations of diluted earnings per share were not material for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 12. 
 million of component inventory annually, with a total committed amount of million over a four -year term. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had no remaining purchase commitments under the first year of the agreement. The Company's total non-cancelable long-term purchase commitments outstanding as of September 30, 2023 was million. 
 Litigation 
 Lynwood Investment CY Limited v. F5 Networks et al. 
 On June 8, 2020, Lynwood Investment CY Limited Lynwood filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain affiliates, along with other defendants. In its complaint, Lynwood claims to be the assignee of all rights and interests of Rambler Internet Holding LLC Rambler ), and alleges that the intellectual property in the NGINX software originally released by the co-founder of NGINX in 2004 belongs to Rambler (and therefore Lynwood, by assignment) because the software was created and developed while the co-founder was employed by Rambler. Lynwood asserted 26 causes of action against the various defendants, including copyright infringement, violation of trademark law, tortious interference, conspiracy, and fraud. The complaint sought damages, disgorgement of profits, declarations of copyright and trademark ownership, trademark cancellations, and injunctive relief. Lynwood also initiated several trademark opposition and cancellation proceedings before the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, which have all since been suspended. 
 In August and October 2020, the Company and the other defendants filed motions to dismiss Lynwood s case. On March 25 and 30, 2021, the Court granted the Company s and the other defendants motions to dismiss with leave to amend. Lynwood filed its amended complaint on April 29, 2021, seeking the same relief against the Company and other defendants. On May 27, 2021, the Company and other defendants filed a consolidated motion to dismiss. 
 The Court granted the consolidated motion to dismiss without leave to amend on August 16, 2022 and entered final judgment against Lynwood on September 9, 2022. On September 14, 2022, Lynwood filed a notice of appeal to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals to appeal the dismissal. Lynwood filed its opening brief on December 16, 2022. The Company filed its opening appellate brief on April 10, 2023, and Lynwood filed its reply on May 31, 2023. 
 Following the Court s order granting the consolidated motion to dismiss and final judgment in the Company s favor, the Court subsequently granted the Company attorneys' fees of over million, which Lynwood appealed to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. The Appeal is ongoing. Both the dismissal appeal and the fees appeal are set to be heard by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals on December 7, 2023. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

13. 
 employees, or approximately of the Company s global workforce as of April 19, 2023. This included million in severance benefits costs and related employer payroll taxes, and million in charges related to the reduction of its leased facility space. The Company incurred million in restructuring costs in the third quarter of fiscal 2023. For the year ended September 30, 2023, cash paid for severance benefits costs and related employer payroll taxes was million. Remaining accrued expenses for the third quarter of fiscal 2023 restructuring plan was million as of September 30, 2023. The Company does not expect to record any significant future charges related to the third quarter of fiscal 2023 restructuring plan. 
 In the first quarters of fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company initiated restructuring plans to match strategic and financial objectives and optimize resources for long term growth, including a reduction in force program. In the first quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company recorded a restructuring charge of million. The Company did not record any significant future charges related to the first quarter of fiscal 2023 restructuring plan. In the first quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company recorded a restructuring charge of million. The Company did not record any significant subsequent charges related to the first quarter of fiscal 2022 restructuring plan. 

14. 
 million, million and million, respectively. Contributions made by the Company vest over . 
 
 15. 
 main geographic regions: the Americas (primarily the United States); Europe, the Middle East, and Africa ("EMEA"); and the Asia Pacific region ("APAC"). The Company s chief operating decision-maker reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis accompanied by information about net product revenues and revenues by geographic region. The Company s foreign offices conduct sales, marketing and support activities. Revenues are attributed by geographic location based on the location of the customer. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Other Total Americas EMEA Asia Pacific 
 The Company continues to offer its products through a range of consumption models, from physical systems to software solutions and managed services. 
 Software revenue Total net product revenue 
 Synnex Corporation 
 Synnex Corporation Carahsoft Technology Corporation 
 Other Total Americas EMEA Asia Pacific 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that required information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required timeframe, as specified in the rules set forth by the Securities Exchange Commission. Our disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2023 and, based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2023. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on the results of this assessment and on those criteria, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2023. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the fourth fiscal quarter, there were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 or Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements as follows: 
 On , , , a written plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) that is designed to be in effect until October 25, 2024 with respect to the sale of Company shares. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Certain information required by this item regarding the Company s directors and executive officers is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled Board of Directors Nominees and Continuing Directors, and Director Nomination, Corporate Governance Governance Committees of the Board Audit Risk Oversight Committee and Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement that will be furnished to the SEC no later than January 29, 2024 (the Proxy Statement ). Additional information regarding the Company s directors and executive officers is set forth in Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Executive Compensation and Corporate Governance Committees of the Board Talent and Compensation Committee and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Compensation Committee Report in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Board of Directors Director Independence and Corporate Governance Related Person Transactions Policy and Procedures and Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Executive Compensation Fees Paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and Audit Risk Oversight Committee Pre-Approval Procedures and Annual Independence Determination in the Proxy Statement. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report are as follows: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule: 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable, material, or is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes hereto. 
 3. Exhibits: 
 The required exhibits are included at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are described in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the first exhibit. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1 Merger Agreement, dated December 19, 2019, by and among F5 Networks, Inc., Silhouette Merger Sub, Inc., Shape Security, Inc., and Shareholder Representative Services LLC(1)+ 
 2.2 Merger Agreement dated as of January 5, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Voyager Merger Sub Corporation, Volterra, Inc., and Shareholder Representative Services LLC(2)+ 
 3.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant(3) 
 3.2 Eighth Amended and Restated Bylaws adopted November 12, 2021(4) 
 4.1 Description of the Registrant's Securities(5) 
 4.2 Specimen Common Stock Certificate(6) 
 10.1 First Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement (including the Revolving Credit Agreement, as amended) , dated as of May 26 , 202 3 , between F5 , Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent 
 10.2 Office Lease Agreement between the Registrant and Fifth Columbia Investors, LLC dated May 3, 2017(7) 
 10.3 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and certain of its officers(8) 
 10.4 F5 , Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan , as amended and restated 9 
 10.5 Form of Change of Control Agreement between the Registrant and the executive officers(10) 
 10.6 F5, Inc. Incentive Plan, as amended and restated( 9 
 10.7 Nginx, Inc. 2011 Share Plan(11) 
 10.8 Nginx, Inc. Acquisition Equity Incentive Plan(11) 
 10.9 Nginx, Inc. Acquisition Equity Incentive Plan Award Agreement(12) 
 10.10 F5 Networks, Inc. Assumed Shape 2011 Stock Plan(13) 
 10.11 F5 Networks, Inc. Shape Acquisition Equity Incentive Plan(13) 
 10.12 Form of 2014 Incentive Plan Award Agreement (Accelerated Vesting) as revised November 2019(14) 
 10.13 F5 Networks, Inc. Assumed Volterra, Inc. Amended and Restated 2017 Stock Plan(15) 
 10.14 F5 Networks, Inc. Volterra Acquisition Equity Incentive Plan(15) 
 10.15 F5 Networks, Inc. Assumed Volterra, Inc. 2019 Restricted Stock Unit Sub-Plan France (sub-plan to the F5 Networks, Inc. Assumed Volterra, Inc. Amended and Restated 2017 Stock Plan)(15) 
 10.16 F5 Networks, Inc. Threat Stack Acquisition Equity Incentive Plan(16) 
 10.17 Offer Letter from the Registrant to Fran ois Locoh-Donou(17) 
 10.18 F5, Inc. Assumed Lilac Cloud 2018 Equity Incentive Plan(18) 
 10.19 F5, Inc. Lilac Acquisition Equity Incentive Plan(18) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 97 F5, Inc. Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Filed herewith. 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 + Schedules and annexes have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Re gulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or annex will be furnished supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request . 

(1) Incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 19, 2019 and filed with the SEC on December 24, 2019. 
 (2) Incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 5, 2021 and filed with the SEC on January 7, 2021. 
 (3) Incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 12, 2021 and filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021. 
 (4) Incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 12, 2021 and filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021. 
 (5) Incorporated by reference from Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022. 
 (6) Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-75817. 
 (7) Incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 3, 2017 and filed with the SEC on May 3, 2017. 
 (8) Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-75817. 
 (9) Incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 9, 2023 and filed with the SEC on March 10, 2023. 
 (10) Incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 29, 2009 and filed with the SEC on May 4, 2009. 
 (11) Incorporated by reference from Registration Statement on Form S-8 File No. 333-231802. 
 (12) Incorporated by reference from Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019. 
 (13) Incorporated by reference from Registration Statement on Form S-8 File No. 333-236228. 
 (14) Incorporated by reference from Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 (15) Incorporated by reference from Registration Statement on Form S-8 File No. 333-252616. 
 (16) Incorporated by reference from Registration Statement on Form S-8 File No. 333-260656. 
 (17) Incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27, 2017 and filed with the SEC on January 30, 2017. 
 (18) Incorporated by reference from Registration Statement on Form S-8 File No. 333-269532. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 F5, I NC . 
 By: /s/ FRAN OIS LOCOH-DONOU Fran ois Locoh-Donou Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Dated: November 14, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date By: /s/ FRAN OIS LOCOH-DONOU Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director (principal executive officer) November 14, 2023 Fran ois Locoh-Donou By: / S / FRANCIS J. PELZER 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) November 14, 2023 Francis J. Pelzer By: / S / ALAN HIGGINSON 
 Director November 14, 2023 Alan Higginson By: /S/ ELIZABETH L. BUSE Director November 14, 2023 Elizabeth L. Buse By: / S / MICHAEL DREYER 
 Director November 14, 2023 Michael Dreyer By: / S / PETER KLEIN 
 Director November 14, 2023 Peter Klein By: / S / NIKHIL MEHTA 
 Director November 14, 2023 Nikhil Mehta By: / S / MARIE E. MYERS 
 Director November 14, 2023 Marie E. Myers By: / S / SRIPADA SHIVANANDA 
 Director November 14, 2023 Sripada Shivananda By: / S / MICHAEL MONTOYA 
 Director November 14, 2023 Michael Montoya By: / S / MARIANNE BUDNIK 
 Director November 14, 2023 Marianne Budnik By: / S / MICHEL COMBES 
 Director November 14, 2023 Michel Combs By: / S / TAMI ERWIN 
 Director November 14, 2023 Tami Erwin 
 85 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ffivex101firstamendmenttor.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

 FIRST AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 FIRST AMENDMENT dated as of May 26, 2023 (this Amendment ), between F5, INC. (f k a F5 NETWORKS, INC.), a Washington corporation (the Company ), and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 Reference is made to that certain Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2020 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ), among the Company, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 WHEREAS, a Benchmark Transition Event and the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date have occurred and, in accordance with Section 2.11(b)(i) of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend the Existing Credit Agreement to replace the LIBO Rate with a Benchmark Replacement, provided that the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth Business Day after May 16, 2023 (the date a copy of this Amendment was posted to all Lenders), a written notice of objection to this Amendment from the Lenders comprising the Required Lenders (it being understood that, under the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Lenders are entitled to object only to the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment contained in the definition of Adjusted Term SOFR). 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(ii) of the Existing Credit Agreement, in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, has the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein (including in the preamble and recitals hereto) have the meanings assigned to them in the Existing Credit Agreement (where applicable, as amended hereby). 
 SECTION 2. Amendments. Effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date (as defined below) 
 (a) The Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the language indicated in single underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples single-underlined text or single - underlined text and by deleting the language indicated by strikethrough text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text or stricken text as set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto (the Existing Credit Agreement, as so amended, is referred to as the Amended Credit Agreement and 
 (b) Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Request and Exhibit D Form of Interest Election Request to the Existing Credit Agreement are hereby amended and restated in their entirety to be in the form set forth as Exhibit B or Exhibit D, as applicable, attached hereto. 
 6069953 

2 

 SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that 
 (a) This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, winding-up or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 (b) On and as of the First Amendment Effective Date, (i) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement (other than Sections 3.04(b) and 3.05(a) of the Amended Credit Agreement) are true and correct (A) in the case of the representations and warranties qualified as to materiality, in all respects and (B) otherwise, in all material respects, in each case on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date, except in the case of any such representation and warranty that expressly relates to a prior date, in which case such representation and warranty is so true and correct on and as of such prior date and (ii) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 SECTION 4. Effectiveness of this Amendment. This Amendment shall become effective on the first date (the First Amendment Effective Date on which 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have executed a counterpart of this Amendment and shall have received a counterpart of this Amendment signed on behalf of the Company (which, subject to Section 9.06(b) of the Existing Credit Agreement, may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by any electronic imaging) 
 (b) the Administrative Agent shall have posted a copy of this Amendment to each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth Business Day after May 16, 2023 (the date a copy of this Amendment was posted to all Lenders), a written notice of objection to this Amendment from the Lenders comprising the Required Lenders (it being understood that, under the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement, as to the provisions of this Amendment relating to replacement of the LIBO Rate with the Adjusted Term SOFR, the Lenders are entitled to object only to the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment contained in the definition of Adjusted Term SOFR) and 
 (c) the Administrative Agent shall have received, to the extent invoiced to the Company at least two Business Days prior to the First Amendment Effective Date, payment of all fees, expenses and other amounts payable by the Company under the Existing Credit Agreement with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 SECTION 5. Reference to and Effect on Loan Documents. 
 (a) This Amendment constitutes a Loan Document. As used in the Amended Credit Agreement, the terms Agreement , this Agreement , herein , hereinafter , hereto , hereof and words of similar import, and as used in any other Loan Document, the terms Credit Agreement and words of similar import, in each case, shall mean, from and after the First Amendment Effective Date, the Amended Credit Agreement. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of, or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect, in each case, as amended hereby. 
 
 6069953 

3 

 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Existing Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or this Amendment, any Borrowing bearing interest by reference to the LIBO Rate outstanding as of the First Amendment Effective Date shall continue to bear interest at the LIBO Rate until the end of the applicable Interest Period for such Borrowing as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date and the LIBOR-related provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement applicable thereto shall continue and remain in effect (notwithstanding the election of the Administrative Agent and the Company to establish an alternate rate of interest to the LIBO Rate and the occurrence of the First Amendment Effective Date) until the end of the applicable Interest Period for such Borrowing as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date, after which such provisions shall have no further force or effect and such Borrowing bearing interest by reference to the LIBO Rate shall be converted to a SOFR Borrowing or an ABR Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.05 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 6. Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 SECTION 7. Headings. Section headings herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. 
 SECTION 8. Incorporation by Reference. The provisions of Sections 9.06(a), 9.06(b), 9.09 and 9.10 of the Amended Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference herein, mutatis mutandis, as if set forth in full herein. 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 
 
 6069953 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date first above written. 
 
 F5, INC. , 
 by s Frank Pelzer Name Frank Pelzer 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement of F5, Inc. 
 
 6069953 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as Administrative Agent, 
 by s Ryan Zimmerman Name Ryan Zimmerman 
 Title Executive Director 

Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement of F5, Inc. 
 
 6069953 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Amended Credit Agreement 
 
 See attached. 
 
 6069953 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 Form of Borrowing Request 
 
 See attached. 

6069953 

EXHIBIT D 
 
 Form of Interest Election Request 
 
 See attached. 

6069953 

EXHIBIT A 

REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of 
 January 31, 2020, 
 as amended by 
 First Amendment to 
 Credit Agreement dated 
 May 26, 2023 
 among 
 F5, INC. (f k a F5 NETWORKS, INC.), 
 the LENDERS Party Hereto 
 and 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as the Administrative Agent 
 ___________________________ 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
 and 
 BOFA SECURITIES, INC., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 
 ___________________________ 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as the Syndication Agent 
 CS&M C M 6702-314 
 6069954 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 
 ARTICLE I Definitions 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 
 1 
 SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 
 28 
 SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 
 28 
 SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP Pro Forma Calculations 
 29 
 SECTION 1.05. Interest Rates Benchmark Notification 
 30 
 SECTION 1.06. Divisions 
 30 
 SECTION 1.07. Effectuation of Transactions 
 31 
 ARTICLE II The Credits SECTION 2.01. Commitments 
 31 
 SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 
 31 
 SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 
 32 
 SECTION 2.04. Funding of Borrowings 
 32 
 SECTION 2.05. Interest Elections 
 33 
 SECTION 2.06. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 
 34 
 SECTION 2.07. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt 
 35 
 SECTION 2.08. Prepayment of Loans 
 35 
 SECTION 2.09. Fees 
 36 
 SECTION 2.10. Interest 
 36 
 SECTION 2.11. Alternate Rate of Interest 
 37 
 SECTION 2.12. Increased Costs Illegality 
 39 
 SECTION 2.13. Break Funding Payments 
 41 
 SECTION 2.14. Taxes 
 41 
 SECTION 2.15. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Setoffs 
 45 
 SECTION 2.16. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 
 47 
 SECTION 2.17. Defaulting Lenders 
 48 
 SECTION 2.18. Extension of Maturity Date 
 49 
 SECTION 2.19. Commitment Increases . 
 50 
 
 i 
 6069954 

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties SECTION 3.01. Organization Powers 
 52 
 SECTION 3.02. Authorization Enforceability 
 52 
 SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals Absence of Conflicts 
 52 
 SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change 
 53 
 SECTION 3.05. Litigation and Environmental Matters 
 53 
 SECTION 3.06. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 
 53 
 SECTION 3.07. Investment Company Status 
 53 
 SECTION 3.08. ERISA 
 54 
 SECTION 3.09. Solvency 
 54 
 SECTION 3.10. Disclosure 
 54 
 SECTION 3.11. Federal Reserve Regulations 
 55 
 SECTION 3.12. Use of Proceeds 
 55 
 SECTION 3.13. EEA Financial Institutions 
 55 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions Precedent SECTION 4.01. Closing Date 
 55 
 SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event 
 56 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 
 57 
 SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events 
 59 
 SECTION 5.03. Existence Conduct of Business 
 59 
 SECTION 5.04. Payment of Taxes 
 59 
 SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties and Rights 
 59 
 SECTION 5.06. Insurance 
 60 
 SECTION 5.07. Books and Records Inspection and Audit Rights 
 60 
 SECTION 5.08. Compliance with Laws 
 61 
 SECTION 5.09. Use of Proceeds 
 61 
 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 
 ii 
 6069954 

SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness 
 61 
 SECTION 6.02. Liens 
 63 
 SECTION 6.03. Sale Leaseback Transactions 
 66 
 SECTION 6.04. Fundamental Changes 
 66 
 SECTION 6.05. Leverage Ratio 
 67 
 ARTICLE VII Events of Default ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous SECTION 9.01. Notices 
 75 
 SECTION 9.02. Waivers Amendments 
 77 
 SECTION 9.03. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 
 79 
 SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 
 82 
 SECTION 9.05. Survival 
 86 
 SECTION 9.06. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution 
 86 
 SECTION 9.07. Severability 
 87 
 SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 
 87 
 SECTION 9.09. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process 
 88 
 SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 88 
 SECTION 9.11. Headings 
 89 
 SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality 
 89 
 SECTION 9.13. Interest Rate Limitation 
 90 
 SECTION 9.14. USA PATRIOT Act Notice and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation 
 90 
 SECTION 9.15. No Fiduciary Relationship 
 90 
 SECTION 9.16. Non-Public Information 
 91 
 SECTION 9.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 
 91 
 
 iii 
 6069954 

SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 2.01 Commitments 
 Schedule 6.01 Existing Indebtedness 
 Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Request 
 Exhibit C Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit D Form of Interest Election Request 
 Exhibit E Form of Solvency Certificate 
 Exhibit F-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate for Foreign Lenders that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
 Exhibit F-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate for Foreign Lenders that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
 Exhibit F-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate for Non-U.S. Participants that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
 Exhibit F-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate for Non-U.S. Participants that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 

iv 
 6069954 

REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of January 31, 2020, among F5, INC. (f k a F5 NETWORKS, INC.), a Washington corporation, the LENDERS party hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as the Administrative Agent. 
 The parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I Definitions 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Accession Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(a). 
 Acquisition means any acquisition of (a) the Equity Interests in a Person if, as a result of such acquisition, such Person shall become a Subsidiary of the Company or (b) all or substantially all the assets of any Person (or of any business unit, division, product line or line of business of any Person). 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means, with respect to any Term SOFR Borrowing for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus (b) 0.10 per annum provided that if such rate would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as the administrative agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Article VIII. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Aggregate Commitment means, at any time, the sum of the Commitments of all the Lenders at such time. 
 Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure means, at any time, the sum of the Revolving Credit Exposures of all the Lenders at such time. 
 Agreement means this Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 per annum and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately 
 6069954 

2 

preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 . For purposes of clause (c) above, the Adjusted Term SOFR on any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology) provided that if such rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR, as the case may be. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.11 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until an amendment hereto has become effective pursuant to Section 2.11(b)), then for purposes of clause (c) above the Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be zero. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, 15 U.S.C. 78dd-1, et seq. and all other laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery, corruption or money laundering. 
 Applicable Percentage means, at any time, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time. If all the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments. 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any ABR Loan or any Term SOFR Loan, or with respect to the commitment fees payable hereunder, the applicable rate per annum set forth in the table below under the caption ABR Spread , Term SOFR Spread or Commitment Fee , as the case may be, in each case based upon the Leverage Ratio as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company for which consolidated financial statements have been delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) provided that until the date of the delivery of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(b) as of and for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2020, the Applicable Rate shall be based on the rates per annum set forth in Level V in the table below. 
 Leverage Ratio Term SOFR Spread 
 (per annum) 
 ABR Spread 
 (per annum) 
 Commitment Fees (per annum) Level I 
 3.50x 
 1.750 0.750 0.300 Level II 
 3.00x and 3.50x 
 1.500 0.500 0.250 Level III 
 2.00x and 3.00x 
 1.375 0.375 0.200 Level IV 
 1.00x and 2.00x 
 1.250 0.250 0.150 Level V 
 1.00x 
 1.125 0.125 0.125 
 
 6069954 

3 

For purposes of this definition, each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Leverage Ratio shall be effective during the period commencing on and including the Business Day following the date of delivery to the Administrative Agent of the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) and the related Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 5.01(c) indicating such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the request of the Required Lenders, the Applicable Rate shall be based on the rates per annum set forth in Level I in the table above if the Company fails to deliver the consolidated financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) or any Compliance Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(c), in each case, within 10 Business Days after the date specified herein for such delivery, during the period commencing on and including the 11th Business Day after the applicable date specified herein for such delivery and until the delivery thereof. 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Arrangers means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and BofA Securities, Inc., in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners for the credit facility established hereunder. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee, with the consent of any Person whose consent is required by Section 9.04, and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Assumption Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(a). 
 Attributable Debt means, with respect to any Sale Leaseback Transaction, the present value (discounted at the rate set forth or implicit in the terms of the lease included in such Sale Leaseback Transaction) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments (other than amounts required to be paid on account of taxes, maintenance, repairs, insurance, assessments, utilities, operating and labor costs and other items that do not constitute payments for property rights) during the remaining term of the lease included in such Sale Leaseback Transaction (including any period for which such lease has been extended). In the case of any lease that is terminable by the lessee upon payment of a penalty, the Attributable Debt shall be the lesser of the Attributable Debt determined assuming termination on the first date such lease may be terminated (in which case the Attributable Debt shall also include the amount of the penalty, but no rent shall be considered as required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be so terminated) or the Attributable Debt determined assuming no such termination. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or 
 
 6069954 

4 

payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(iv). 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time that is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, that such Person has become the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, liquidator, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority provided , however , that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States of America or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any agreements made by such Person. 
 Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Term SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(i). 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate (which may be Daily Simple SOFR) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for US Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment provided that if the Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for all purposes of this Agreement provided further that any such Benchmark Replacement shall be administratively feasible as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
 
 6069954 

5 

for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for US Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time (for the avoidance of doubt, such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall not be in the form of a reduction to the Applicable Rate). 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and or any Term SOFR Loan, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate , the definition of Business Day , the definition of Interest Period , the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion, in consultation with the Company, may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any 
 
 6069954 

6 

Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board of Governors, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) and or 
 (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Start Date means the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder in accordance with Section 2.11 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark 
 
 6069954 

7 

Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder pursuant to Section 2.11. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Board of Governors means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Bona Fide Debt Fund means any debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated lending entity that is engaged primarily in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business for financial investment purposes and with respect to which no personnel involved with the investment in the relevant competitor of the Company or any Subsidiary, or the management, control or operation thereof, directly or indirectly, possesses the power to direct the investment policies of such fund, vehicle or entity. 
 Borrowing means Loans of the same Type made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by the Company for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be, in the case of any such written request, in the form of Exhibit B or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed provided that, when used in connection with any Term SOFR Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day that is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means, subject to Section 1.04(a), the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of Section 6.02, a Capital Lease Obligation shall be deemed to be secured by a Lien on the property being leased and such property shall be deemed to be owned by the lessee. 
 A Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if (a) any Person or group of Persons shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder) of more than 40 of the outstanding Voting Shares in the Company or (b) a change in control (or similar event, however denominated), under and as defined in any indenture or other agreement or instrument evidencing or governing the rights of the holders of any Material Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, shall have occurred with respect to the Company. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or 
 
 6069954 

8 

treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, promulgated or issued. 
 Charges has the meaning set forth in Section 9.13. 
 Closing Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02). 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (or a successor administrator). 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Loans, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate permitted amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.06, (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.19 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lender s Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01, or in the Assignment and Assumption or the Accession Agreement pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed or provided its Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Lenders Commitments as of the Closing Date is US 350,000,000. 
 Commitment Increase has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(b). 
 Commitment Letter means the Commitment Letter, dated as of December 19, 2019, relating to the revolving credit facility contemplated by this Agreement, by and among the Company, the Arrangers and, as applicable, the Arrangers respective lending Affiliates, as amended on January 17, 2020. 
 Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein that is distributed to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by means of electronic communications pursuant to Section 9.01, including through the Platform. 
 Company means F5, Inc. (f k a F5 Networks, Inc.), a Washington corporation, and any successor thereto permitted under Section 6.04(a)(ii). 
 Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate in the form of Exhibit C or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 6069954 

9 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus 
 (a) without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income, the sum for such period of 
 (i) consolidated interest expense (including imputed interest expense in respect of Capital Lease Obligations) 
 (ii) consolidated income tax expense 
 (iii) depreciation and amortization expense 
 (iv) non-cash charges or losses, including stock option and other equity-based compensation charges, impairment charges and any write-offs or write-downs of assets, but excluding (A) any non-cash charge that results from an accrual of a reserve for cash charges to be taken in any future period, (B) an amortization of a prepaid cash expense that was paid and not expensed in a prior period or (C) write-down or write-off with respect to accounts receivable (including any addition to bad debt reserves or bad debt expense) 
 (v) extraordinary charges or losses 
 (vi) unusual or non-recurring charges or losses related to (A) payments or settlements of legal claims, (B) retroactive effects of tax settlements and (C) significant effects of tax legislation or judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations 
 (vii) (A) restructuring charges or losses, (B) transition, integration and similar charges and losses related to Acquisitions and Dispositions and (C) charges and losses in connection with the consolidation, exit and or abandonment of facilities, in each case, including retention and severance costs, costs of relocation of employees, systems establishment costs and contract termination costs, including future lease commitments 
 (viii) transaction fees, costs and expenses, or any amortization thereof, incurred in connection with the Transactions 
 (ix) any transaction fees, costs or expenses, or any amortization thereof, relating to any Acquisition or joint venture investment, Disposition, issuance of Equity Interests, recapitalization or the incurrence, prepayment, amendment, modification, restructuring or refinancing of Indebtedness (including the Loans), in each case, whether or not consummated 
 (x) any earn-out or similar contingent consideration payments actually made to sellers during such period in connection with any Acquisition, and any losses for such period arising from the remeasurement of the fair value of any liability recorded with respect to any earn-out or similar contingent consideration arising from any Acquisition 
 
 6069954 

10 

(xi) expenses with respect to non-routine shareholder activities 
 (xii) any unrealized losses attributable to the application of mark to market accounting in respect of Hedging Agreements 
 (xiii) any net after-tax loss attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness or obligations under Hedging Agreements 
 (xiv) any currency translation losses relating to currency hedges or remeasurements of Indebtedness and 
 (xv) the cumulative effect for such period of a change in accounting principles 
 provided that the aggregate amount added back pursuant to clauses (vi), (vii), (ix) and (xi) above for any period may not exceed 10.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (calculated without giving effect to such addbacks) minus 
 (b) without duplication and to the extent included in determining such Consolidated Net Income, the sum for such period of 
 (i) any non-cash gains or items of income (other than the accrual of revenue), but excluding any such items in respect of which cash was received in a prior period or will be received in a future period 
 (ii) extraordinary, unusual or nonrecurring gains or items of income 
 (iii) any gains for such period arising from the remeasurement of the fair value of any liability recorded with respect to any earn-out or similar contingent consideration arising from any Acquisition 
 (iv) any unrealized gains attributable to the application of mark to market accounting in respect of Hedging Agreements 
 (v) any net after-tax gain attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness or obligations under Hedging Agreements 
 (vi) any currency translation losses relating to currency hedges or remeasurements of Indebtedness and 
 (vii) the cumulative effect for such period of a change in accounting principles 
 provided that Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated so as to (A) exclude the effect of any gain or loss that represents after-tax gains or losses attributable to any Disposition and (B) disregard the purchase accounting adjustments reducing to fair value deferred revenue acquired in any Acquisition. For the purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any period, if at any time during such period the Company or any Subsidiary shall have made a Material Acquisition or a Material Disposition, Consolidated EBITDA for such period shall be determined giving pro forma effect thereto in accordance with Section 1.04(b). 
 
 6069954 

11 

Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, the net income (or loss) of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries for such period, determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means, at any date, (a) total assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries (minus applicable reserves) determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP minus (b) the sum of (i) current liabilities of the Company and the Subsidiaries, except for current maturities of long-term Indebtedness and Capital Lease Obligations, and (ii) goodwill and other intangible assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, all as reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Company most recently delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) (or, prior to the first delivery of such financial statements, the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Company referred to in Section 3.04(a)). 
 Consolidated Total Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, for the Company and the Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum, without duplication, of (a) Indebtedness for borrowed money, including the Loans, (b) Indebtedness evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (c) Capital Lease Obligations and (d) purchase money Indebtedness. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies, or the dismissal or appointment of the management, of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to any Available Tenor, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest period having approximately the same length (disregarding any business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent and each Lender. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day that is five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (a) if such SOFR Interest Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Interest Day or (b) if such SOFR Interest Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Interest Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator Website. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes, or upon notice, lapse of time or both would constitute, an Event of Default. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, (i) to fund any portion of its Loans or (ii) to pay to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified in such writing, including, if applicable, by reference to a specific Default) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Company or the Administrative Agent in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position 
 
 6069954 

12 

is based on such Lender s good-faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified in such writing, including, if applicable, by reference to a specific Default) to funding a Loan cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Company made in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations to fund prospective Loans, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the Administrative Agent s or the Company s, as applicable, receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it, or (d) has become, or is a subsidiary of a Person that has become, the subject of a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action. 
 Disposition means any sale, transfer or other disposition, or series of related sales, transfers, or dispositions (including pursuant to any merger or consolidation), of property that constitutes (a) assets comprising all or substantially all the assets of any Person (or of any business unit, division, product line or line of business of any Person) or (b) all or substantially all of the Equity Interests in a Person. 
 Disqualified Institution means (a) any Person that is (directly or through a controlled subsidiary) a competitor of the Company or the Subsidiaries and that was separately identified in writing by the Company to the Arrangers prior to the Closing Date (or, if after the Closing Date, that is identified in writing by the Company to the Administrative Agent), or (b) any Affiliate of any Person identified in clause (a) (other than any Affiliate that is a Bona Fide Debt Fund) that (i) was identified in writing by the Company to the Arrangers prior to the Closing Date (or, if after the Closing Date, that is identified in writing by the Company to the Administrative Agent) or (ii) is clearly identifiable as an Affiliate on the basis of the similarity of its name to the name of such Person identified in clause (a) provided that (x) no designation of any Person as a Disqualified Institution shall apply retroactively to disqualify any Persons that have previously acquired an interest in Loans or Commitments and (y) on and after the Closing Date, any such designation shall only become effective three Business Days after delivery thereof to the Administrative Agent via email to JPMDQ_Contact jpmorgan.com. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country that is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country that is a parent of any Person described in clause (a) above or (c) any entity established in an EEA Member Country that is a subsidiary of any Person described in clause (a) or (b) above and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Eligible Assignee means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund and (d) any other Person, other than, in each case, a natural person, a 
 
 6069954 

13 

Defaulting Lender, a Disqualified Institution, the Company or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate of the Company. 
 Environmental Laws means all rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, judgments, orders, decrees, directives, laws, injunctions or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Authority and relating in any way to pollution or protection of the environment, to preservation or reclamation of natural resources, to the management, Release or threatened Release or the classification, registration, disclosure, export or import of any toxic or hazardous material, substance or waste or to related health or safety matters. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, obligation, loss, claim, action, order or cost, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties and indemnities), directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Material, (c) any exposure to any Hazardous Material, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests, beneficial interests or other ownership interests, whether voting or nonvoting, in, or interests in the income or profits of, a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing (other than, prior to the date of conversion, Indebtedness that is convertible into any such Equity Interests). 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Company or any Subsidiary, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or 414(c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(m) or 414(o) of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived), (b) any failure by any Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standard (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Plan, in each case whether or not waived, (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan, (d) a determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in at-risk status (as defined in Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA or Section 430(i)(4) of the Code), (e) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan, (f) the receipt by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan, (g) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or (h) the receipt by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any notice, 
 
 6069954 

14 

concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, or in endangered or critical status, within the meaning of Section 305 of ERISA. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Events of Default has the meaning set forth in Article VII. 
 Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in such Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Company under Section 2.16(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.14, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in such Loan or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.14(f) and (d) any U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA provided that, for purposes of clause (b)(i), in the case of a Loan acquired by a Lender pursuant to a funding of a Commitment, such Lender shall be treated as acquiring an interest in such Loan on the date it acquired an interest in the Commitment pursuant to which such Loan was funded. 
 Existing Maturity Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a). 
 Extending Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(b). 
 Extension has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a). 
 Extension Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(b). 
 Extension Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a). 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantially comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or official practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement. 
 
 6069954 

15 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate provided that if such rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 Fee Letters means, collectively, (a) the Fee Letter, dated as of December 19, 2019, relating to the revolving credit facility contemplated by this Agreement, by and among the Company, the Arrangers and, as applicable, the Arrangers respective lending Affiliates and (b) the Fee Letter, dated as of December 19, 2019, relating to the revolving credit facility contemplated by this Agreement, by and between the Company and the Administrative Agent. 
 Financial Officer means, with respect to any Person, the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of such Person provided that, when such term is used in reference to any document executed by, or a certification of, a Financial Officer, the secretary or assistant secretary of such Person shall have delivered an incumbency certificate to the Administrative Agent as to the authority of such individual. 
 Financing Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 GAAP means, subject to Section 1.04(a), generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time. 
 Governmental Approvals means all authorizations, consents, approvals, permits, licenses and exemptions of, registrations and filings with, and reports to, Governmental Authorities. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America or any other nation or any political subdivision of any thereof, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national body exercising such powers or functions, such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary 
 
 6069954 

16 

course of business. The amount, as of any date of determination, of any Guarantee shall be the principal amount outstanding on such date of the Indebtedness or other obligation guaranteed thereby (or, in the case of (i) any Guarantee the terms of which limit the monetary exposure of the guarantor or (ii) any Guarantee of an obligation that does not have a principal amount, the maximum monetary exposure as of such date of the guarantor under such Guarantee (as determined, in the case of clause (i), pursuant to such terms or, in the case of clause (ii), reasonably and in good faith by a Financial Officer of the Company)). 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive, radioactive, hazardous or toxic materials, substances, wastes, contaminants or pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates or by-products, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, lead-based paint, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Hedging Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction, or any option or similar agreement, involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, prices of equity or debt securities or instruments, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value, or any similar transaction or combination of the foregoing transactions provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company or the Subsidiaries shall be a Hedging Agreement. The amount of the obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of any Hedging Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Company or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Hedging Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 Increase Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(a). 
 Increasing Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(a). 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person (excluding trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) deferred compensation payable to directors, officers, employees or consultants and (iii) any purchase price adjustment or earnout incurred in connection with an Acquisition, except to the extent that the amount payable pursuant to such purchase price adjustment or earnout becomes payable), (e) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (f) the maximum aggregate amount of all letters of credit and letters of guaranty in respect of which such Person is an account party, (g) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, (h) all Indebtedness of others secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed by such Person, and (i) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others provided that the term Indebtedness shall not include (i) deferred or prepaid revenue or (ii) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the seller. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other Person (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of 
 
 6069954 

17 

such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such other Person, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Company under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(b). 
 Information has the meaning set forth in Section 9.12. 
 Initial Borrowings has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(b). 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Company to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.05, which shall be, in the case of any such written request, in the form of Exhibit D or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last day of each March, June, September and December, and (b) with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period. 
 Interest Period means, with respect to any Term SOFR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (or such shorter or longer period as shall have been consented to by each Lender participating in such Borrowing), as the Company may elect provided that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period, and (c) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(vi) shall be available for specification in any Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or an Accession Agreement, other than any such Person that shall have ceased to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 
 Leverage Ratio means, on any date, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Indebtedness as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company most recently ended on or prior to such date. 
 
 6069954 

18 

Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge in the nature of a security interest, security interest or other encumbrance on, in or of such asset, and (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Assumption Agreement (if any), any agreement with respect to a Commitment Increase referred to in Section 2.19(a) and, except for purposes of Section 9.02, any promissory notes delivered pursuant to Section 2.07(f). 
 Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Company pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Material Acquisition means any Acquisition by the Company or any Subsidiary involving payment of consideration of US 250,000,000 or more. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, liabilities, operations or financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Company to perform its payment or other material obligations under the Loan Documents or (c) the rights of or benefits available to the Lenders under the Loan Documents. 
 Material Disposition means any Disposition by the Company or any Subsidiary involving receipt of consideration of US 250,000,000 or more. 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than under the Loan Documents), or obligations in respect of one or more Hedging Agreements, of any one or more of the Company and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of US 100,000,000 or more. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of any Hedging Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Company or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Hedging Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 Material Subsidiary means each Subsidiary that is a significant subsidiary as defined in Regulation S-X of the Securities Act. 
 Maturity Date means January 31, 2025, subject to extension pursuant to Section 2.18. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 9.13. 
 MNPI means material information concerning the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their securities that has not been disseminated in a manner making it available to investors generally, within the meaning of Regulation FD under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. For purposes of this definition, material information means information concerning the Company, the Subsidiaries or any of their securities that could reasonably be expected to be material for purposes of the United States federal and state securities laws. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 
 6069954 

19 

Non-Extending Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(b). 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it provided further that if any of the foregoing rates as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 NYFRB Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 OFAC means the United States Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or any Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.16(b)). 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in US Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 
 Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(c)(ii). 
 Participants has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(c)(i). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Permitted Liens means 
 (a) Liens for Taxes that are not yet overdue by more than 60 days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04 
 
 6069954 

20 

(b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s, landlord s and other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 60 days or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings 
 (c) pledges and deposits made (i) in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security or similar laws (other than any Lien imposed pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Code or Section 303(k) of ERISA or a violation of Section 436 of the Code) and (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers acceptances or similar instruments issued for the account of the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business supporting obligations of the type set forth in clause (i) above 
 (d) pledges and deposits made (i) to secure the performance of bids, tenders, trade contracts (other than for payment of Indebtedness), leases (other than Capital Lease Obligations), statutory obligations (other than any Lien imposed pursuant to Section 430(k) of the Code or Section 303(k) of ERISA or a violation of Section 436 of the Code), surety, customs, payment and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business and (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments issued for the account of the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business supporting obligations of the type set forth in clause (i) above 
 (e) judgment Liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Article VII or Liens securing appeal or other surety bonds related to such judgments 
 (f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole 
 (g) banker s liens, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with depository institutions and securities accounts and other financial assets maintained with securities intermediaries 
 (h) Liens arising by virtue of Uniform Commercial Code financing statement filings (or similar filings under applicable law) regarding operating leases entered into by the Company and the Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (i) Liens representing any interest or title of a licensor, lessor or sublicensor or sublessor, or a licensee, lessee or sublicensee or sublessee, in the property subject to any lease (other than Capital Lease Obligations), license or sublicense or concession agreement permitted by this Agreement 
 (j) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods 
 (k) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds thereof of any Person securing such Person s obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods in the ordinary course of business 
 
 6069954 

21 

(l) deposits of cash with the owner or lessor of premises leased and operated by the Company or any Subsidiary to secure the performance of its obligations under the lease for such premises, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (m) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off and 
 (n) Liens arising out of consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods entered into by the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan , as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA (other than a Multiemployer Plan), that is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Platform has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01(d). 
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the United States or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Board of Governors in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Board of Governors (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Private Side Lender Representatives means, with respect to any Lender, representatives of such Lender that are not Public Side Lender Representatives. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Side Lender Representatives means, with respect to any Lender, representatives of such Lender that do not wish to receive MNPI. 
 Qualified Material Acquisition means any Acquisition by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries that involves the incurrence by the Company or its Subsidiaries of Indebtedness to finance the acquisition consideration therefor (including refinancing of any Indebtedness of the acquired Person), or assumption by the Company or the Subsidiaries of existing Indebtedness of the acquired Person (or the acquired business unit, division, product line or line of business), in an aggregate principal amount of US 500,000,000 or more. 
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any combination thereof (as the context requires). 
 
 6069954 

22 

Reference Time means, with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, (a) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR, 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (b) if such Benchmark is the Daily Simple SOFR, then four U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such setting or (c) otherwise, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(b)(iv). 
 Related Indemnitee Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, (a) any controlled Affiliate of such Person, (b) the respective directors, officers or employees of such Person or any of its controlling Persons or controlled Affiliates, and (c) the respective agents and representatives of such Person or any of its controlling Persons or controlled Affiliates, in the case of this clause (c), acting on behalf of, or at the express instructions of, such Person, such controlling person or such controlled Affiliate provided that each reference to a controlling Person, controlled Affiliate, officer, director or employee in this definition pertains to a controlling Person, controlled Affiliate, officer, director or employee involved in the negotiation or syndication of this Agreement. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the directors, officers, partners, members, trustees, employees, agents, managers, representatives and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 Release means any release, spill, emission, leaking, dumping, injection, pouring, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into or through the environment or within or upon any building, structure, facility or fixture. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors and or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors and or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto. 
 Replacement Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(b). 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure and the unused Aggregate Commitment at such time provided that at all times when there are two or fewer Lenders that are not Affiliates of each other, Required Lenders shall mean each Lender. 
 Responsible Officer means, with respect to any Person, the Financial Officer or the chief executive officer, general counsel or another executive officer of such Person provided that, when such term is used in reference to any document executed by, or a certification of, a Responsible Officer, the secretary or assistant secretary of such Person shall have delivered an incumbency certificate to the Administrative Agent as to the authority of such individual. 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount of such Lender s Loans outstanding at such time. 
 Sale Leaseback Transaction means an arrangement relating to property owned by the Company or any Subsidiary whereby the Company or such Subsidiary sells or transfers such property to any Person and the Company or any Subsidiary leases such 
 
 6069954 

23 

property, or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred, from such Person or its Affiliates. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory that at such time is itself or whose government is the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the date of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related Executive Order or list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person more than 50 owned or controlled by any Person or Persons described in the preceding clauses (a) and (b). 
 Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom. 
 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
 Shape Security means Shape Security, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Shape Security Acquisition means the acquisition by the Company of Shape Security pursuant to the Shape Security Acquisition Agreement. 
 Shape Security Acquisition Agreement means the Merger Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2019, by and among the Company, Silhouette Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, Shape Security and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, solely in its capacity as the security holder representative, agent and attorney in fact of the Indemnifying Parties (as defined in the Shape Security Acquisition Agreement), together with the annexes, exhibits and schedules thereto and all related documents. 
 SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator Website means the NYFRB Website or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 Subsequent Borrowings has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(b). 
 subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the Voting 
 
 6069954 

24 

Shares are at the time beneficially owned, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company. 
 Syndication Agent means Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as the syndication agent for the credit facility established hereunder. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax and penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term SOFR means, with respect to any Term SOFR Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 
 Term SOFR Borrowing means a Borrowing comprised of Term SOFR Loans. 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR (other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate). 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term SOFR Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Term SOFR has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Test Period means, on any date of determination, the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company most recently ended on or prior to such date for which financial statements have been delivered, or are required to have been delivered, pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b), the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a). 
 Transactions means (a) the Financing Transactions, (b) the Shape Security Acquisition and (c) the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing. 
 
 6069954 

25 

Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Term SOFR (other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate) or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 US Dollars or US refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(f)(ii)(B)(3). 
 Voting Shares means, with respect to any Person, outstanding shares of capital stock or other Equity Interests of any class of such Person entitled to vote in the election of directors (or other governing body), or otherwise to participate in the direction of the management and policies, of such Person, excluding shares or other Equity Interests entitled so to vote or participate only upon the happening of some contingency. 
 wholly owned , when used in reference to a subsidiary of any Person, means that all the Equity Interests in such subsidiary (other than directors qualifying shares and other nominal amounts of Equity Interests that are required to be held by other Persons under applicable law) are owned, beneficially and of record, by such Person, another wholly owned subsidiary of such Person or any combination thereof. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such term is defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans and Borrowings may be classified and referred to by Type e.g. , a Term SOFR Loan or Term SOFR Borrowing ). 
 SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine 
 
 6069954 

26 

and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . The words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all real and personal, tangible and intangible assets and properties. The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments, orders, writs and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. Except as otherwise provided herein and unless the context requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, and all references to any statute shall be construed as referring to all rules, regulations, rulings and official interpretations promulgated or issued thereunder, (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof and (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement. 
 SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP Pro Forma Calculations . (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time provided that (i) if the Company, by notice to the Administrative Agent, shall request an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, by notice to the Company, shall request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith and (ii) notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed (other than for purposes of Sections 3.04, 5.01(a) and 5.01(b)), and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, (A) without giving effect to (x) any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification having a similar result or effect) (and related interpretations) to value any Indebtedness at fair value , as defined therein, or (y) any other accounting principle that results in any Indebtedness being reflected on a balance sheet at an amount less than the stated principal amount thereof, (B) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification having a similar result or effect) (and related interpretations) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof, and (C) without giving effect to any change in accounting for leases resulting from the 
 
 6069954 

27 

implementation of Financial Accounting Standards Board ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), to the extent that such change would require the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) that would not be classified as a capital lease under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2016. 
 (b) All pro forma computations required to be made hereunder giving effect to any Material Acquisition, Material Disposition or other transaction shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such transaction had occurred on the first day of the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, ending with the last fiscal quarter included in the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)), and, to the extent applicable, to the historical earnings and cash flows associated with the assets acquired or disposed of and any related incurrence or reduction of Indebtedness, all in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Hedging Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness if such Hedging Agreement has a remaining term in excess of 12 months). 
 SECTION 1.05. Interest Rates Benchmark Notification. The interest rate on a Loan may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.11(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or a replacement rate thereof, including, without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates and or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Company. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Company, any Lender or any other Person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 SECTION 1.06. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person 
 
 6069954 

28 

shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 SECTION 1.07. Effectuation of Transactions. All references herein to the Company and the Subsidiaries on the Closing Date shall be deemed to be references to such Persons, and all the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement on the Closing Date shall be deemed made, in each case, after giving effect to the Transactions to occur on the Closing Date, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 ARTICLE II The Credits 
 SECTION 2.01. Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees to make Loans in US Dollars to the Company from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (a) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment or (b) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender exceeding its Commitment. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may borrow, prepay and reborrow Loans. 
 SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings . (a) Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Type made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.11, each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Term SOFR Loans as the Company may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Company to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of US 1,000,000 and not less than US 5,000,000 provided that (i) a Term SOFR Borrowing that results from a continuation of an outstanding Term SOFR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to such outstanding Borrowing and (ii) an ABR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Commitments. At the time that each ABR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of US 1,000,000 and not less than US 5,000,000. Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of five (or such greater number as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent) Term SOFR Borrowings outstanding. 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert to or continue, any Term SOFR Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 
 
 6069954 

29 

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings . To request a Borrowing, the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone or in writing (a) in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, three U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the day of the proposed Borrowing. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be made (or, if telephonic, confirmed promptly) by hand delivery, facsimile or email to the Administrative Agent of an executed written Borrowing Request. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing 
 (ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing 
 (iv) in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 
 (v) the location and number of the account or accounts to which funds are to be disbursed. 
 If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term SOFR Borrowing, then the Company shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 SECTION 2.04. Funding of Borrowings . (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 2 00 p.m., New York City time (or, in the case of ABR Loans, such later time as shall be three hours after the delivery by the Company of a Borrowing Request therefor in accordance with Section 2.03), in each case, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Company by promptly remitting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account of the Company. 
 (b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance on such assumption, make available to the Company a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Company severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Company to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) 
 
 6069954 

30 

in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Company, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If the Company and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Company the amount of such interest paid by the Company for such period. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Company shall be without prejudice to any claim the Company may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 2.05. Interest Elections . (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type and, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in the applicable Borrowing Request or as otherwise provided in Section 2.03. Thereafter, the Company may elect to convert such Borrowing to a Borrowing of a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Company may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 
 (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone or in writing by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Company were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be made (or, if telephonic, confirmed promptly) by hand delivery or facsimile to the Administrative Agent of an executed written Interest Election Request. Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing and 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is to be a Term SOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Company shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 
 6069954 

31 

(c) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (d) If the Company fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein and subject to Section 2.11, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be continued as a Term SOFR Borrowing for an additional Interest Period of one month. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default under clause (h) or (i) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing with respect to the Company, or if any other Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, has notified the Company of the election to give effect to this sentence on account of such other Event of Default, then, in each such case, so long as such Event of Default is continuing, (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Term SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 SECTION 2.06. Termination and Reduction of Commitments . (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall automatically terminate on the Maturity Date. 
 (b) The Company may at any time terminate, or from time to time permanently reduce, the Commitments provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of US 1,000,000 and not less than US 5,000,000 and (ii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.08, (A) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Aggregate Commitment or (B) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender would exceed its Commitment. 
 SECTION 2.07. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt . (a) The Company hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Loan of such Lender on the Maturity Date. 
 (b) Reserved . 
 (c) Reserved . 
 (d) Reserved . 
 (e) The records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall (in the case of the Lenders, to the extent they are not inconsistent with the records maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.04(b)(iv)) be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations of the Company in respect of the Loans, interest and fees due or accrued hereunder provided that the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to maintain such records or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Company to pay any amounts due hereunder in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (f) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Company shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender and its registered assigns and in a form 
 
 6069954 

32 

approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein and its registered assigns. 
 SECTION 2.08. Prepayment of Loans . (a) The Company shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, without premium or penalty, subject to the requirements of this Section. 
 (b) The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by hand delivery, email or facsimile) or in writing of any optional prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Term SOFR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, and (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date, the Borrowing or Borrowings to be prepaid and the principal amount of each such Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid provided that a notice of optional prepayment of Borrowings may state that such notice is conditioned upon the occurrence of one or more events specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Company (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified date of prepayment) if such condition is not satisfied. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest on the amounts prepaid to the extent required by Section 2.10(d). 
 SECTION 2.09. Fees . (a) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), a commitment fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the average daily amount of the unused Commitment of such Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) during the period from and including the date hereof to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the first Business Day following the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (b) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Company and the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, in the case of commitment fees, to the Lenders entitled thereto. All fees paid hereunder shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 SECTION 2.10. Interest . (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 
 6069954 

33 

(b) The Loans comprising each Term SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any other amount payable by the Company hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2.00 per annum plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of overdue interest on any Loan or any other amount, 2.00 per annum plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans, as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 
 (d) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon termination of the Commitments provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of a Term SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (e) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 SECTION 2.11. Alternate Rate of Interest . (a) Subject to Section 2.11(b), if prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Borrowing 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period (including because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis) or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making, continuing, converting or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice (which may be telephonic) thereof to the Company and the Lenders as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist and (y) the Company delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.05 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term SOFR Borrowing shall be ineffective and such Borrowing shall continue as, or at 
 
 6069954 

34 

the end of the applicable Interest Period convert to, an ABR Borrowing and (B) if any Borrowing Request requests a Term SOFR Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing. 
 (b) (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment will become effective at 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Company, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such proposed amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders provided that, with respect to any proposed amendment containing Daily Simple SOFR, the Lenders shall be entitled to object only to the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment contained therein. No replacement of the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 (ii) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement (including implementation of Term SOFR), the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (iii) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of (A) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date and Benchmark Transition Start Date, (B) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (C) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(iv), (D) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and (E) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR) and either (1) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (2) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (B) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (A) above either (1) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (2) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 
 6069954 

35 

(v) Upon the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, (A) any request pursuant to Section 2.05 for a conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term SOFR Borrowing shall be ineffective, and, on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto, such Borrowing shall be continued as an ABR Borrowing, and (B) any request pursuant to Section 2.03 for a Term SOFR Borrowing shall be deemed to be a request for an ABR Borrowing. 
 (vi) Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.11, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.11. 
 SECTION 2.12. Increased Costs Illegality . (a) If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender 
 (ii) impose on any Lender or the relevant interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or the Loans made by such Lender or 
 (iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of the term Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, commitments or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or other Recipient of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any Loan, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, from time to time within 10 days following request of such Lender or other Recipient (accompanied by a certificate in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section), the Company will pay to such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or other Recipient for such additional costs or expenses incurred or reduction suffered provided that such Lender or other Recipient shall only be entitled to seek such additional amounts if such Person is generally seeking the payment of similar additional amounts from similarly situated borrowers in comparable credit facilities to the extent it is entitled to do so. 
 (b) If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any lending office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has had or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender 
 
 6069954 

36 

or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then, from time to time within 10 days following request of such Lender (accompanied by a certificate in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section), the Company will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered provided that such Lender shall only be entitled to seek such additional amounts if such Person is generally seeking the payment of similar additional amounts from similarly situated borrowers in comparable credit facilities to the extent it is entitled to do so. 
 (c) A certificate of a Lender setting forth the basis for and, in reasonable detail (to the extent practicable), computation of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation provided that the Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or expenses incurred or reductions suffered more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or expenses or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further that if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs, expenses or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 (e) If any Lender determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender or the applicable lending office of such Lender to make, maintain or fund any Term SOFR Loan or to charge interest with respect to any Loan, or to determine or charge interest rates, based upon the Term SOFR, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, US Dollars in the relevant interbank market, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Company and the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make, maintain or fund any Term SOFR Loan, or to continue any Term SOFR Loan or convert any ABR Loan into a Term SOFR Loan, or to charge interest with respect to any Loan, or to determine or charge interest rates, based upon the Term SOFR, in each case, shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on the ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (A) the Company shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) prepay or, if applicable, convert all Term SOFR Loans of such Lender to ABR Loans (the interest rate on the ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period 
 
 6069954 

37 

therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans and (B) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Alternate Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Company shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
 SECTION 2.13. Break Funding Payments . In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert or continue any Term SOFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (whether or not such notice may be revoked in accordance with the terms hereof), (d) the failure to prepay any Term SOFR Loan on a date specified therefor in any notice of prepayment given by the Company (whether or not such notice may be revoked in accordance with the terms hereof) or (e) the assignment of any Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.16, then, in any such event, the Company shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event (but not lost profits) within 10 days following request of such Lender (accompanied by a certificate described below in this Section). A certificate of any Lender delivered to the Company and setting forth the basis for and, in reasonable detail (to the extent practicable), computation of any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 SECTION 2.14. Taxes . (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Company under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Company shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Company . The Company shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse the Administrative Agent for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (c) Evidence of Payment . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Company to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the 
 
 6069954 

38 

return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (d) Indemnification by the Company . The Company shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Company has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Company to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c)(ii) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 (f) Status of Lenders . 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company and the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.14(f)(ii)(A), 2.14(f)(ii)(B) or 2.14(f)(ii)(D)) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing 
 
 6069954 

39 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or about the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation related to the Company as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W 8BEN-E or 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W 8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3, IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or about the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such 
 
 6069954 

40 

supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 
 (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph (g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (h) For purposes of this Section, the term applicable law includes FATCA. 
 
 6069954 

41 

SECTION 2.15. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Setoffs . (a) The Company shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder or under any other Loan Document prior to the time required hereunder or under such other Loan Document for such payment (or, if no such time is expressly required, prior to 2 00 p.m., New York City time), on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without any defense, setoff, recoupment or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to such account as may be specified by the Administrative Agent, except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.14 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto and payments pursuant to other Loan Documents shall be made to the Persons specified therein. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payment received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment under any Loan Document shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments under each Loan Document shall be made in US Dollars. 
 (b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied towards payment of the amounts then due hereunder ratably among the parties entitled thereto, in accordance with the amounts then due to such parties. 
 (c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall notify the Administrative Agent of such fact and shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the amount of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amounts of principal of and accrued interest on their Loans provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph (c) shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Company pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, as in effect from time to time), including Section 2.19, or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any Person that is an Eligible Assignee (as such term is defined herein from time to time). The Company consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Company rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Company in the amount of such participation. 
 (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Company prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders that the Company will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Company has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Company has not in fact made such 
 
 6069954 

42 

payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 (e) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it hereunder to or for the account of the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations in respect of such payment until all such unsatisfied obligations have been discharged. 
 (f) In the event that any financial statements delivered under Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b), or any Compliance Certificate delivered under Section 5.01(c), shall prove to have been materially inaccurate, and such inaccuracy shall have resulted in the payment of any interest or fees at rates lower than those that were in fact applicable for any period (based on the actual Leverage Ratio), then, if such inaccuracy is discovered prior to the termination of all Commitments and the repayment in full of the principal of all Loans, the Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for distribution to the Lenders as their interests may appear, the accrued interest or fees that should have been paid but were not paid as a result of such inaccuracy. 
 SECTION 2.16. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.12 (or gives a notice under Section 2.12(e)), or if the Company is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or to any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.14, then such Lender shall (at the request of the Company) use commercially reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign and delegate its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment and delegation (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.12 or 2.14, as the case may be, in the future (or, in the case of a notice under Section 2.12(e), would eliminate the illegality referred to in such Section) and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Company hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment and delegation within 10 days following request of such Lender (accompanied by reasonable (to the extent practicable) back-up documentation relating thereto). 
 (b) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.12 (or gives a notice under Section 2.12(e)), (ii) the Company is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.14, (iii) any Lender has become a Defaulting Lender, (iv) any Lender is a Disqualified Institution, (v) any Lender is a Non-Extending Lender or (vi) any Lender has failed to consent to a proposed amendment, waiver or other modification that under Section 9.02 requires the consent of all the Lenders (or all the affected Lenders) and with respect to which the Required Lenders shall have granted their consent, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04, it being understood that the processing and recordation fee referred to in 
 
 6069954 

43 

such Section shall be paid by the Company or the assignee (and the assignor Lender shall not be responsible therefor)), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.12 or 2.14) and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment and delegation) (a Replacement Lender provided that (A) the Company shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, (B) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder from the assignee (in the case of such principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (in the case of all other amounts), (C) in the case of any such assignment and delegation resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.12 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.14, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments, (D) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law and (E) in the case of any such assignment and delegation resulting from the failure to provide a consent, the assignee shall have given such consent and, as a result of such assignment and delegation and any contemporaneous assignments and delegations and consents, the applicable amendment, waiver, discharge or termination can be effected. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver or consent by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation have ceased to apply. Each party hereto agrees that an assignment and delegation required pursuant to this paragraph (b) may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and that the Lender required to make such assignment and delegation need not be a party thereto. 
 SECTION 2.17. Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 (a) the Commitment and the Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders or any other requisite Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02) provided that any amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or all Lenders affected thereby shall, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, require the consent of such Defaulting Lender in accordance with the terms hereof 
 (b) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.15(c) shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , as the Company may request (so long as no Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent third , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be held in a deposit account and released in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement fourth , to 
 
 6069954 

44 

the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement fifth , so long as no Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Company as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Company against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and sixth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with their respective Commitments. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and such Defaulting Lender irrevocably consents hereto and 
 (c) commitment fees shall cease to accrue on the unused Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.09(a). 
 In the event that the Administrative Agent and the Company each agree that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, and such Lender shall thereupon cease to be a Defaulting Lender (but all amendments, waivers or modifications effected without its consent in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.02 and this Section during such period shall be binding on such Lender and no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Company while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender). 
 The rights and remedies against, and with respect to, a Defaulting Lender under this Section are in addition to, and cumulative and not in limitation of, all other rights and remedies that the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Company may at any time have against, or with respect to, such Defaulting Lender. 
 SECTION 2.18. Extension of Maturity Date . (a) The Company may, by written notice (an Extension Notice delivered to the Administrative Agent not fewer than 30 days and not more than 60 days prior to any anniversary of the Closing Date, request an extension (each, an Extension of the Maturity Date to the one-year anniversary of the then existing Maturity Date (such existing Maturity Date, the Existing Maturity Date ), provided that not more than two Extensions may be requested since the Closing Date and, after giving effect to any Extension, the Maturity Date may not be more than five years after the applicable Extension Closing Date. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall promptly furnish a copy of each Extension Notice to each Lender, and shall request that each Lender advise the Administrative Agent whether or not such Lender agrees to the requested Extension within 15 days of delivery to such Lender of such Extension Notice provided that any Lender that does not advise the Administrative Agent by the 15th day after the date of 
 
 6069954 

45 

such Extension Notice shall be deemed to have declined the requested Extension (each Lender agreeing to the requested Extension being called an Extending Lender , and each Lender declining or deemed to have declined to agree to the requested Extension being called a Non-Extending Lender ). The decision to agree or withhold agreement to any Extension hereunder shall be at the sole discretion of each Lender. If Lenders (including any Replacement Lenders) constituting not less than the Required Lenders shall have agreed to extend the Maturity Date before the anniversary of the Closing Date immediately following the delivery of the applicable Extension Notice, then, effective as of the Extension Closing Date with respect thereto, the Maturity Date applicable to the Extending Lenders shall be the first anniversary of the Existing Maturity Date provided that no extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to this Section 2.18 shall become effective unless (the first date on which such consent of the Required Lenders is obtained and the conditions specified in this proviso are satisfied with respect to the applicable Extension being called the Extension Closing Date (i) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct (x) in the case of the representations and warranties qualified as to materiality, in all respects and (y) otherwise, in all material respects, in each case on and as of the Extension Closing Date, except in the case of any such representation and warranty that expressly relates to a prior date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be so true and correct on and as of such prior date, (ii) on the Extension Closing Date, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately prior to or immediately after giving effect thereto and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate dated as of the Extension Closing Date and executed by a Responsible Officer of the Company to the effect that the conditions set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above have been satisfied. The Commitment of each Non-Extending Lender shall terminate on the Existing Maturity Date, and the principal amount of any outstanding Loans made by such Non-Extending Lender, together with any accrued interest thereon, and any accrued fees and other amounts payable to or for the account of such Non-Extending Lender hereunder, shall be due and payable on the Existing Maturity Date. 
 SECTION 2.19. Commitment Increases . 
 (a) (a) The Company may at any time and from time to time, by written agreement executed by the Company and one or more financial institutions that is an Eligible Assignee (any such financial institution being called an Increasing Lender and delivered to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly deliver a copy to each of the Lenders), cause Commitments of the Increasing Lenders to be increased (or cause the Increasing Lenders to extend new Commitments) in an amount for each Increasing Lender set forth in such agreement provided that (i) no Lender shall have any obligation to increase its Commitment pursuant to this paragraph, (ii) the aggregate amount of all new Commitments and increases in existing Commitments becoming effective under this paragraph since the Closing Date shall not exceed US 150,000,000, (iii) each Increasing Lender, if not already a Lender hereunder, shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) and (iv) each Increasing Lender, if not already a Lender hereunder, shall become a party to this Agreement by completing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a duly executed accession agreement in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Company (an Accession Agreement ). Upon the effectiveness of any Accession Agreement to which any Increasing Lender is a party (and the effectiveness of the new Commitment of such Lender in accordance with this paragraph), such Increasing Lender shall thereafter be deemed to be a party to this Agreement and shall be entitled to all rights, benefits and privileges accorded a Lender hereunder and subject to all obligations of a Lender hereunder. New Commitments and increases in Commitments shall become effective on the date specified in the applicable 
 
 6069954 

46 

agreement delivered pursuant to this paragraph (which date shall be at least five Business Days after the date of delivery of such notice, unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent) provided that no increase in the Commitments (or in the Commitment of any Lender) pursuant to this paragraph shall become effective unless (A) the Administrative Agent shall have received documents consistent with those delivered under Sections 4.01(b) and 4.01(c), if requested by the Administrative Agent, (B) on the effective date of such increase, the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct (x) in the case of the representations and warranties qualified as to materiality, in all respects and (y) otherwise, in all material respects, in each case on and as of the date of such effectiveness, except in the case of any such representation and warranty that expressly relates to a prior date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be so true and correct on and as of such prior date, (C) on the effective date of such increase, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately prior to or immediately after giving effect thereto and (D) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate dated such date and executed by a Responsible Officer of the Company to the effect that the conditions set forth in clauses (B) and (C) above shall have been satisfied. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders of the effective date of the increase in the Commitments pursuant to this paragraph (the Increase Effective Date ), and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 
 (b) On the Increase Effective Date of any increase in the Commitments pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section (a Commitment Increase ), (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Loans outstanding (the Initial Borrowings immediately prior to the Commitment Increase on the Increase Effective Date shall be deemed to be repaid, (ii) each Increasing Lender that shall have had a Commitment prior to the Commitment Increase shall pay to the Administrative Agent in same day funds and in US Dollars an amount equal to the difference between (A) the product of (1) such Lender s Applicable Percentage (calculated after giving effect to the Commitment Increase) multiplied by (2) the amount of each Subsequent Borrowing (as hereinafter defined) and (B) the product of (1) such Lender s Applicable Percentage (calculated without giving effect to the Commitment Increase) multiplied by (2) the amount of each Initial Borrowing, (iii) each Increasing Lender that shall not have had a Commitment prior to the Commitment Increase shall pay to Administrative Agent in same day funds and in US Dollars an amount equal to the product of (1) such Increasing Lender s Applicable Percentage (calculated after giving effect to the Commitment Increase) multiplied by (2) the amount of each Subsequent Borrowing, (iv) after the Administrative Agent receives the funds specified in clauses (ii) and (iii) above, the Administrative Agent shall pay to each Lender the portion of such funds that is equal to the difference between (A) the product of (1) such Lender s Applicable Percentage (calculated without giving effect to the Commitment Increase) multiplied by (2) the amount of each Initial Borrowing, and (B) the product of (1) such Lender s Applicable Percentage (calculated after giving effect to the Commitment Increase) multiplied by (2) the amount of each Subsequent Borrowing, (v) after the effectiveness of the Commitment Increase, the Company shall be deemed to have made new Borrowings (the Subsequent Borrowings in amounts equal to the amounts of the Initial Borrowings and of the Types and for the Interest Periods specified in a Borrowing Request delivered to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.03, (vi) each Lender shall be deemed to hold its Applicable Percentage of each Subsequent Borrowing (calculated after giving effect to the Commitment Increase) and (vii) the Company shall pay each Lender any and all accrued but unpaid interest on its Loans comprising the Initial Borrowings. To the extent applicable, the deemed payments of the Initial Borrowings made pursuant to clause (i) above shall be subject to compensation by the Company pursuant to the provisions of 
 
 6069954 

47 

Section 2.13 if the Increase Effective Date occurs other than on the last day of the Interest Period relating thereto. 
 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 
 The Company represents and warrants to the Lenders, on the Closing Date and thereafter as of each other date such representations and warranties are required to be or are deemed to be made pursuant to this Agreement that 
 SECTION 3.01. Organization Powers . The Company (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has all power and authority and all Governmental Approvals required for the ownership and operation of its properties and the conduct of its business as now conducted and (c) is qualified to do business and is in good standing, in every jurisdiction where such qualification is required, in each case under clauses (b) and (c) above, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.02. Authorization Enforceability . The Financing Transactions to be entered into by the Company are within the Company s corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required, shareholder action of the Company. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, winding-up or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals Absence of Conflicts . The Financing Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with or any other action by any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate any applicable law, including any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the Company, (d) will not violate or result (alone or with notice or lapse of time or both) in a default under any agreement or instrument binding upon the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their assets, and (e) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Company or any Subsidiary, other than Liens permitted under Section 6.02, in each case under clause (a), (b) and (d) above, except to the extent that any of the foregoing would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change . (a) The Company has heretofore made available to the Lenders its consolidated balance sheet and related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, audited by and accompanied by the opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and for such period in accordance with GAAP. 
 (b) Since September 30, 2019, there has been no event or condition that has resulted, or would reasonably be expected to result, in a material adverse change in 
 
 6069954 

48 

the business, assets, liabilities, operations or financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
 SECTION 3.05. Litigation and Environmental Matters . (a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any Governmental Authority or arbitrator pending against or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing against the Company or any Subsidiary that would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Except with respect to any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any Governmental Approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) is subject to any Environmental Liability or (iii) has received written notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability. 
 SECTION 3.06. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Company has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to promote compliance in all material respects by the Company and the Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Company and the Subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors and, to the knowledge of the Company, their respective employees and agents are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective directors or officers or, to the knowledge of the Company, their respective employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Company, any agent of the Company or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from any credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. 
 SECTION 3.07. Investment Company Status . The Company is not an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 SECTION 3.08. ERISA . No ERISA Events have occurred or are reasonably expected to occur that would, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and each ERISA Affiliate is in compliance in all material respects with the presently applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code with respect to each Plan, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has (a) sought a waiver of the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Code in respect of any Plan, (b) failed to make any contribution or payment to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, or made any amendment to any Plan that has resulted or could result in the imposition of a Lien or the posting of a bond or other security under ERISA or the Code, or (c) incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA other than a liability to the PBGC for premiums under Section 4007 of ERISA that are not past due. The assets of the Company are not and will not be plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Plans during the term of the Loans and the Commitments. 
 SECTION 3.09. Solvency . On the Closing Date, immediately after giving effect to the Transactions to occur on such date, including the making of the Loans and the application of the proceeds thereof, (a) the fair value of the assets of the Company 
 
 6069954 

49 

and the Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, will exceed their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of the Company and the Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liabilities on their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured, (c) the Company and the Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured and (d) the Company and the Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, will not have an unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the businesses in which they are engaged as such businesses are now conducted and proposed to be conducted following the date hereof. For purposes of this Section, the amount of the contingent liabilities of the Company and the Subsidiaries at any time shall be computed at the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing as of the date hereof, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 SECTION 3.10. Disclosure . All written information (other than any projections and forward-looking statements and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature) furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement does not or will not, when furnished and taken as a whole after giving effect to all supplements and updates theretofore furnished, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements are made. Any projections that have been furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement have been prepared in good faith based upon assumptions that are believed by the Company to be reasonable at the time made and at the time such projections are furnished to the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any Lender, it being recognized that projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Company s control and are not to be viewed as facts, that actual results during the period or periods covered by the projections may differ from the projected results, that such differences may be material and that no assurance can be given that any projection will be realized. 
 SECTION 3.11. Federal Reserve Regulations . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is engaged or will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or indirectly, for any purpose that violates (including on the part of any Lender) any of the regulations of the Board of Governors, including Regulations U and X. 
 SECTION 3.12. Use of Proceeds (a) . The Company will use the proceeds of the Loans solely for general corporate purposes of the Company and the Subsidiaries. The Company will not request any Borrowing, and the Company will not use, and will procure that the Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents will not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (c) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 
 6069954 

50 

SECTION 3.13. EEA Financial Institutions . The Company is not an EEA Financial Institution. 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions Precedent 
 SECTION 4.01. Closing Date . The effectiveness of this Agreement and the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 9.02) of the following conditions 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received from each party hereto (i) a counterpart of this Agreement executed by each party hereto or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile transmission or other electronic imaging) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Closing Date) of (i) Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, primary counsel for the Company, and (ii) Perkins Coie LLP, Washington counsel for the Company, each in form and substance customary for financings of this type. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the Company, dated the Closing Date and executed by the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Company and in form and substance customary for financings of this type, attaching (i) a copy of the articles of incorporation of the Company, which shall, to the extent applicable, be certified as of the Closing Date or a recent date prior thereto by the appropriate Governmental Authority, and the bylaws of the Company, (ii) signature and incumbency certificates of the officers of the Company executing any Loan Document, (iii) resolutions of the board of directors of the Company approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents, certified as of the Closing Date by such secretary or assistant secretary as being in full force and effect without modification or amendment, and (iv) a good standing certificate from the applicable Governmental Authority of the State of Washington, dated the Closing Date or a recent date prior thereto. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by the chief executive officer or the chief financial officer of the Company, certifying as to satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in clauses (a) and (b) of Section 4.02. 
 (e) The Company shall have paid all fees, expenses and other amounts payable by it under the Commitment Letter and the Fee Letters on or prior to the Closing Date (in the case of expenses and other amounts, solely to the extent invoiced at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date). 
 (f) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E from the Company executed by its chief financial officer. 
 (g) The Lenders shall have received, at least five Business Days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information with respect to the 
 
 6069954 

51 

Company reasonably requested by the Lenders in writing to the Company at least 10 Business Days prior to the Closing Date that is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders of the Closing Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing (other than any conversion or continuation of any Loan) is subject to receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Borrowing Request therefor in accordance with Section 2.03 and to the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 9.02) of the following conditions 
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Company set forth herein (other than, after the Closing Date, the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 3.04(b) and 3.05(a)) shall be true and correct (i) in the case of the representations and warranties qualified as to materiality, in all respects and (ii) otherwise, in all material respects, in each case on and as of the date of such Borrowing, except in the case of any such representation and warranty that expressly relates to a prior date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be so true and correct on and as of such prior date. 
 (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 On the date of any Borrowing (other than any conversion or continuation of any Loan), the Company shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that the conditions specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section have been satisfied. 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees and other amounts payable hereunder (other than contingent obligations for indemnification, expense reimbursement, tax gross-up or yield protection as to which no claim has been made) shall have been paid in full, the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information . The Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of each Lender 
 (a) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, commencing with the fiscal year ending September 30, 2020, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the prior fiscal year, all audited by and accompanied by the opinion of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or another independent registered public accounting firm of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification, exception or emphasis (other than any qualification, exception or emphasis with respect to or resulting from (i) an upcoming scheduled final maturity of any Indebtedness occurring within one year from the date such opinion is delivered or (ii) any potential 
 
 6069954 

52 

inability to satisfy any financial covenant on a future date or in a future period) and without any qualification, exception or emphasis as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the end of and for such year in accordance with GAAP 
 (b) within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company, its consolidated balance sheet as of the end of such fiscal quarter, the related consolidated statement of income for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year and the related statement of cash flows for the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, in each case setting forth in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the prior fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer of the Company as presenting fairly, in all material respects, the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter or, as applicable, such portion of the fiscal year in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of certain footnotes 
 (c) concurrently with each delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Financial Officer of the Company, (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and is continuing on such date and, if a Default has occurred and is continuing on such date, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, and (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations of the financial covenant in Section 6.05 
 (d) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Company or any Subsidiary with the SEC or with any national securities exchange 
 (e) promptly following a request therefor, any documentation or other information that a Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and 
 (f) promptly after any request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs, assets, liabilities (including contingent liabilities) and financial condition of the Company or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request in writing, provided that the Company shall not be required to provide any such information to the extent that the provision thereof would violate any attorney-client privilege, law, rule or regulation or any confidentiality obligation binding on the Company and or any Subsidiary (so long as such confidentiality obligation was not entered into in contemplation of preventing such information from being provided and the Company and the applicable Subsidiary use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a waiver of any such confidentiality obligation), provided further that the Company shall provide the Administrative Agent with notice of the existence of any such information that is being withheld. 
 
 6069954 

53 

Information required to be delivered pursuant to clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Section shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders if such information, or one or more annual or quarterly reports containing such information, shall have been posted by the Administrative Agent on a Platform or shall be available on the website of the SEC at http www.sec.gov. Information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section to the Administrative Agent may also be delivered by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events . Promptly after any Responsible Officer of the Company obtains knowledge thereof, the Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent written notice of the following 
 (a) the occurrence of any Default 
 (b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Company or any Subsidiary, or any adverse development in any such pending action, suit or proceeding not previously disclosed in writing by the Company to the Administrative Agent, that in each case would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (c) any other development that has resulted, or would reasonably be expected to result, in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Company (in the case of clause (a) above, stating that it is a notice of default setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 SECTION 5.03. Existence Conduct of Business . The Company will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect (a) its legal existence and (b) the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, except, other than with respect to the legal existence of the Company, where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any transaction permitted under Section 6.04(a). 
 SECTION 5.04. Payment of Taxes . The Company will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, pay its Taxes before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) (i) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and (ii) the Company or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books reserves with respect thereto to the extent required by GAAP or (b) the failure to make payment would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties and Rights . The Company will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation excepted, and will take all actions reasonably necessary to protect all patents, trademarks, copyrights, licenses, technology, software, domain names and other intellectual property rights necessary to the conduct of its business as currently conducted and proposed to be conducted, except in each case where the failure to take 
 
 6069954 

54 

any such actions or keep or maintain such property, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any transaction permitted under Section 6.04(a). 
 SECTION 5.06. Insurance . The Company will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, maintain, with insurance companies that the Company believes (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Company) are financially sound and reputable (including captive insurance subsidiaries), insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against such risks as is customarily maintained by companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 
 SECTION 5.07. Books and Records Inspection and Audit Rights . The Company will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, keep proper books of record and account in which entries that are true and correct in all material respects are made of all material dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities to the extent required by GAAP. The Company will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, permit the Administrative Agent (acting on its own behalf or on behalf of any of the Lenders), and any agent designated by the Administrative Agent, upon reasonable prior notice, (a) to visit and reasonably inspect its properties, (b) to examine and make extracts from its books and records and (c) to discuss its operations, business affairs, assets, liabilities (including contingent liabilities) and financial condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as reasonably requested provided that the Administrative Agent may not exercise such rights more often than once during any calendar year (it being understood that any expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith shall be subject to reimbursement by the Company in accordance with Section 9.03) provided further that when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent (or any of its agents) may do any of the foregoing (at the expense of the Company) at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice. The Administrative Agent shall give the Company the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Company s independent accountants. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter to the extent that such disclosure, inspection, examination or discussion would violate any attorney-client privilege, law, rule or regulation or any confidentiality obligation binding on the Company or any Subsidiary (so long as such confidentiality obligation was not entered into in contemplation of preventing such disclosure, inspection, examination or discussion and the Company or the applicable Subsidiary uses commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a waiver of any such confidentiality obligation) provided further that the Company shall provide the Administrative Agent with notice of the existence of any such information that is being withheld. 
 SECTION 5.08. Compliance with Laws . The Company will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, comply with all laws, including all Environmental Laws, and all orders of any Governmental Authority, applicable to it, its operations or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to promote compliance in all material respects by the Company and the Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 
 6069954 

55 

SECTION 5.09. Use of Proceeds . (a) The proceeds of the Loans will be used solely for general corporate purposes of the Company and the Subsidiaries. 
 (b) The Company will not request any Borrowing, and the Company will not use, and will procure that the Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents will not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees and other amounts payable hereunder (other than contingent obligations for indemnification, expense reimbursement, tax gross-up or yield protection as to which no claim has been made) shall have been paid in full, the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness . The Company will not permit any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, other than 
 (a) Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 6.01 and any renewals, extensions, refinancings or replacements thereof, provided that the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such renewal, extension, refinancing or replacement thereof except by an amount equal to any premium or other amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such renewal, extension, refinancing or replacement 
 (b) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary owed to the Company or any other Subsidiary, provided that such Indebtedness shall not have been transferred to any Person other than the Company or a Subsidiary 
 (c) Guarantees by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of any other Subsidiary, provided that a Subsidiary shall not Guarantee Indebtedness of any other Subsidiary that it would not have been permitted to incur under this Section if it were a primary obligor thereon 
 (d) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary (i) incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets and related software, including Capital Lease Obligations, provided that such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 270 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and the principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets, or (ii) assumed in connection with the acquisition of any fixed or capital assets, and, in each case, any renewals, extensions, refinancings or replacements thereof, provided that the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such renewal, extension, refinancing or replacement thereof except by an amount equal to any premium or other amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such renewal, extension, refinancing or replacement 
 
 6069954 

56 

(e) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary (or of any Person not previously a Subsidiary that is merged or consolidated with or into a Subsidiary in a transaction permitted hereunder) after the Closing Date, or Indebtedness of any Person that is assumed by any Subsidiary after the Closing Date in connection with an acquisition of assets by such Subsidiary in an Acquisition permitted hereunder, provided that such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary (or is so merged or consolidated) or such assets are acquired and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary (or such merger or consolidation) or such assets being acquired, and any renewals, extensions, refinancings and replacements thereof, provided that the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such renewal, extension, refinancing or replacement thereof except by an amount equal to any premium or other amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such renewal, extension, refinancing or replacement 
 (f) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers acceptances and similar instruments issued for the account of any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business 
 (g) Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and otherwise arising from treasury, depository and cash management services or in connection with any automated clearing-house transfers of funds, overdraft or any similar services, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (h) Indebtedness with respect to surety, appeal, indemnity, performance or other similar bonds in the ordinary course of business, and Indebtedness in the form of purchase price adjustments, earn-outs, earnest money or similar obligations incurred in connection with any Acquisition or any Disposition or joint venture investment not prohibited hereunder 
 (i) Indebtedness owing to any insurance company in connection with the financing of insurance premiums in the ordinary course of business 
 (j) customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods or services purchased in the ordinary course of business and 
 (k) other Indebtedness, provided that at the time of and after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of any such Indebtedness and the application of the proceeds thereof, the sum, without duplication, of (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness permitted in reliance on this clause (k), (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted in reliance on Section 6.02(n) and (iii) the Attributable Debt in respect of all outstanding Sale Leaseback Transactions permitted in reliance on Section 6.03(b) does not exceed 15 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.01, if any item of Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Indebtedness described in clauses (a) through (k) above, the Company shall, in its sole discretion, classify such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) and may include the amount and type of such Indebtedness in one or more of the above clauses, and the Company may later reclassify such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) and include it in another of such clauses in which it could have been included at the time it was incurred 
 
 6069954 

57 

(but, except as set forth below with respect to clause (k), not into any clause under which it could not have been included at the time it was incurred) or, solely in the case of clause (k) above, at the time of such reclassification. 
 SECTION 6.02. Liens . The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except 
 (a) Permitted Liens 
 (b) any Lien on any asset (and any additions, parts, attachments, improvements and accessions thereto and the proceeds thereof) of the Company or any Subsidiary existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 6.02, provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other asset of the Company or any Subsidiary (other than additions, parts, attachments, improvements or accessions thereto and the proceeds thereof) and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations that it secures on the Closing Date and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof except by an amount equal to any premium or other amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such extension, renewal, refinancing or replacement 
 (c) Liens on fixed or capital assets and related software (and any additions, parts, attachments, improvements and accessions thereto and the proceeds thereof) acquired, constructed or improved by the Company or any Subsidiary securing Indebtedness or other obligations incurred to finance such acquisition, construction or improvement and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacement thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof except by an amount equal to any premium or other amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such extension, renewal, refinancing or replacement, provided that (i) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 270 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets and (iii) such Liens shall not apply to any other assets of the Company or any Subsidiary (other than additions, parts, attachments, improvements and accessions thereto and the proceeds thereof), provided further that individual financings of equipment or other fixed or capital assets otherwise permitted to be secured hereunder provided by any Person (or its Affiliates) may be cross-collateralized to other such financings provided by such Person (or its Affiliates) 
 (d) any Lien on any asset (and any additions, parts, attachments, improvements and accessions thereto and the proceeds thereof) acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary after the Closing Date existing at the time of the acquisition thereof or existing on any asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary (or of any Person not previously a Subsidiary that is merged or consolidated with or into the Company or a Subsidiary in a transaction permitted hereunder) after the Closing Date and prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary (or is so merged or consolidated), provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary (or such merger or consolidation), as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other assets of the Company or any Subsidiary (other than additions, parts, attachments, improvements and accessions 
 
 6069954 

58 

thereto and the proceeds thereof) and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations that it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary (or is so merged or consolidated), as the case may be, and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof except by an amount equal to any premium or other amount paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such extension, renewal, refinancing or replacement 
 (e) in connection with the sale or transfer of any Equity Interests or other assets in a transaction permitted under Section 6.04, customary rights and restrictions contained in agreements relating to such sale or transfer pending the completion thereof 
 (f) in the case of (i) any Subsidiary that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary or (ii) the Equity Interests in any Person that is not a Subsidiary, any encumbrance or restriction, including any put and call arrangements, related to Equity Interests in such Subsidiary or such other Person set forth in the organizational documents of such Subsidiary or such other Person or any related joint venture, shareholders or similar agreement 
 (g) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits, escrow arrangements or similar arrangements made by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement for an Acquisition or other transaction not prohibited hereunder 
 (h) Liens deemed to exist in connection with Sale Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 6.03(a) 
 (i) (i) deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure obligations to insurance carriers providing casualty, liability or other insurance to the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto 
 (j) (i) Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code on items in the course of collection and (ii) Liens on cash and cash equivalents in order to secure defeased and or discharged Indebtedness 
 (k) Liens arising under repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements held by the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business as part of its cash management policies 
 (l) Liens securing reasonable and customary fees for services in favor of banks, securities intermediaries or other depository institutions 
 (m) Liens on margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors) to the extent that a prohibition on such Liens would violate Regulation U of the Board of Governors and 
 (n) other Liens, provided that at the time of and after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence of any such Lien (or any Indebtedness secured thereby and the application of the proceeds thereof), the sum, without duplication, of (i) the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted in reliance on this clause (n), (ii) the aggregate principal amount of 
 
 6069954 

59 

Indebtedness of Subsidiaries outstanding in reliance on Section 6.01(k) and (iii) the Attributable Debt in respect of all outstanding Sale Leaseback Transactions permitted in reliance on Section 6.03(b) does not exceed 15 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.02, if any Lien (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Liens described in clauses (a) through (n) above and or one or more of the clauses contained in the definition of Permitted Liens , the Company shall, in its sole discretion, classify such Lien (or such portion thereof) and may include such Lien (or such portion thereof) in one or more of such clauses, and the Company may later reclassify such Lien (or any portion thereof) and include it in another of such clauses in which it could have been included at the time it was incurred (but, except as set forth below with respect to clause (n), not into any clause under which it could not have been included at the time it was incurred) or, solely in the case of clause (n) above, at the time of such reclassification. 
 SECTION 6.03. Sale Leaseback Transactions . The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any Sale Leaseback Transaction, except 
 (a) any Sale Leaseback Transaction entered into to finance the acquisition or construction of any fixed or capital assets by the Company or any Subsidiary, provided that such Sale Leaseback Transaction is entered into prior to or within 270 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction and the Attributable Debt in respect thereof does not exceed the cost of acquiring or constructing such fixed or capital assets and 
 (b) other Sale Leaseback Transactions, provided that at the time of and after giving pro forma effect to any such Sale Leaseback Transaction, the sum, without duplication, of (i) the Attributable Debt in respect of all outstanding Sale Leaseback Transactions permitted in reliance on this clause (b), (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries permitted in reliance on Section 6.01(k) and (iii) the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted in reliance on Section 6.02(n) does not exceed 15 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 
 SECTION 6.04. Fundamental Changes . (a) The Company will not merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving pro forma effect thereto no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) any Person may merge or consolidate with the Company in a transaction in which the Company is the surviving entity and (ii) the Company may merge or consolidate with any Person in a transaction in which such Person is the surviving entity, provided that, in the case of the foregoing clause (ii), (A) such Person is a corporation organized under the laws of a State of the United States, (B) prior to or substantially concurrently with the consummation of such merger or consolidation, (x) such Person shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an assumption agreement (the Assumption Agreement ), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which such Person shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (y) such Person shall deliver to the Administrative Agent such documents, certificates and opinions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request relating to such Person, such merger or consolidation or the Assumption Agreement, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (C) the Lenders shall have received, at least five Business Days prior to the date of the consummation of such 
 
 6069954 

60 

merger or consolidation, (x) all documentation and other information regarding such Person required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act, that has been reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender at least 10 Business Days prior to the date of the consummation of such merger or consolidation and (y) to the extent such Person qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Person, it being agreed that upon the execution and delivery to the Administrative Agent of the Assumption Agreement and the satisfaction of the other conditions set forth in this clause (ii), such Person shall become a party to this Agreement, shall succeed to and assume all the rights and obligations of the Company under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all obligations in respect of outstanding Loans) and shall thenceforth, for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, be the Company . 
 (b) The Company will not, and will not permit its Subsidiaries to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of, directly or through any merger or consolidation and whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions, assets (including Equity Interests in Subsidiaries) representing all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
 (c) The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, engage to any material extent in any material line of business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Company and the Subsidiaries on the Closing Date and businesses that are extensions thereof or otherwise incidental, complementary, reasonably related or ancillary thereto, including the business of Shape Security and its subsidiaries conducted by them on the Closing Date. 
 SECTION 6.05. Leverage Ratio . The Company will not permit the Leverage Ratio on the last day of any Test Period to exceed 3.50 to 1.00 provided that, upon the consummation of a Qualified Material Acquisition, with respect to the fiscal quarter in which such Qualified Material Acquisition is consummated and the subsequent three consecutive fiscal quarters, the maximum permitted Leverage Ratio set forth above shall, at the election of the Company by notice to the Administrative Agent, be increased to 4.00 to 1.00 provided further that (a) following any such election by the Company, no subsequent election may be made by the Company unless the Leverage Ratio has been at or below 3.50 to 1.00 as of the last day of at least two subsequent consecutive fiscal quarters, and (b) the Company may not make such an election more than two times during the term of this Agreement. 
 ARTICLE VII Events of Default 
 If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur 
 (a) the Company shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise 
 (b) the Company shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Section) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the 
 
 6069954 

61 

same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five Business Days 
 (c) any representation, warranty or statement made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company in any Loan Document or in any certificate provided pursuant to or in connection with any Loan Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made 
 (d) the Company shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02(a), 5.03 (solely with respect to the existence of the Company) or 5.09 or in Article VI 
 (e) the Company shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any Loan Document (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Section), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Company 
 (f) the Company or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable after giving effect to any applicable grace period 
 (g) any default by the Company or any Subsidiary occurs in respect of any Material Indebtedness that results in such Material Indebtedness becoming due or being terminated or required to be prepaid, repurchased, redeemed or defeased prior to its scheduled maturity, or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, but only after the expiration of any applicable grace period) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf, or, in the case of any Hedging Agreement, the applicable counterparty, to cause such Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, or, in the case of a Hedging Agreement, to terminate any related hedging transaction, in each case prior to its scheduled maturity or termination, provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to (i) any secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of, or any casualty with respect to, assets securing such Indebtedness, (ii) any Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of a voluntary prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, or any refinancing thereof, permitted under this Agreement or (iii) in the case of any Hedging Agreement, termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of such Hedging Agreement not arising as a result of a default by the Company or any Subsidiary thereunder 
 (h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization, moratorium, winding-up or other relief in respect of the Company or any Material Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any United States (Federal or state) or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, winding-up or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Company or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered 
 
 6069954 

62 

(i) the Company or any Material Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, winding-up or other relief under any United States (Federal or state) or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, winding-up or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in sub-clause (i) above, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Company or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding or (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the Board of Directors (or similar governing body) of the Company or any Material Subsidiary (or any committee thereof) shall adopt any resolution or otherwise authorize any action to approve any of the actions referred to above in this clause (i) or clause (h) of this Section 
 (j) the Company or any Material Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due 
 (k) one or more final judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of US 100,000,000 (to the extent not paid or covered by insurance (other than under a self-insurance program) as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage) shall be rendered against the Company, any Material Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 60 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Company or any Material Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment 
 (l) one or more ERISA Events shall have occurred that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (m) a Change in Control shall occur 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Company described in clause (h) or (i) of this Section), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent shall at the request of, and may with the consent of, the Required Lenders, by notice to the Company, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Company hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company and in the case of any event with respect to the Company described in clause (h) or (i) of this Section, the Commitments shall automatically terminate, the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Company hereunder, shall immediately and automatically become due and payable, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company. 
 
 6069954 

63 

ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent 
 Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as the Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors to serve as the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents, and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Company or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties), (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or to exercise any discretionary power, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion, could expose the Administrative Agent to liability or be contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Company, any Subsidiary or any other Affiliate thereof that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment). The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice of default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Company or any Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation 
 
 6069954 

64 

made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall not incur any liability for relying, upon any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the signatory, sender or authenticator thereof). The Administrative Agent also shall be entitled to rely, and shall not incur any liability for relying, upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof), and may act upon any such statement prior to receipt of written confirmation thereof. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected by it with reasonable care, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent (i) shall not have any liability arising from, or be responsible for any loss, cost or expense suffered on account of, any determination by the Administrative Agent that any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, or the effective date of such status, it being further understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall not have any obligation to determine whether any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, and (ii) shall not have any duty to ascertain, monitor or enforce compliance with the list of Disqualified Institutions and will not have any liability with respect to any assignment or participation made to a Disqualified Institution, it being further understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent will be authorized to disclose the list of Disqualified Institutions to the Lenders and the Lenders will be authorized to disclose such list, on a confidential basis, to potential assignees and participants. 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any of and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by it. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of and all their duties and exercise their rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article VIII shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any of its sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment 
 
 6069954 

65 

that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 Subject to the terms of this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time from its capacity as such. In connection with such resignation, the Administrative Agent shall give notice of its intent to resign to the Lenders and the Company. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, subject to the consent of the Company (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) so long as no Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (h) or (i) of Article VII shall have occurred and be continuing, to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank. If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Company and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, subject to the consent of the Company (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) so long as no Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (h) or (i) of Article VII shall have occurred and be continuing, appoint a successor. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as an Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Company to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed by the Company and such successor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders and the Company, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (a) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and (b) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, provided that (i) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the retiring Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the retiring Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (ii) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the retiring Administrative Agent shall also directly be given or made to each Lender. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agent s resignation or removal from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article VIII and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the 
 
 6069954 

66 

Syndication Agent or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption, an Accession Agreement or any other document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Closing Date. 
 In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to the Company under any United States (Federal or state) or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, winding-up or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Company) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.14 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03). 
 Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company, that at least one of the following is and will be true (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments, (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and 
 
 6069954 

67 

performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement or (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent and such Lender. 
 In addition, unless either (1) clause (i) in the immediately preceding paragraph is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with clause (iv) in the immediately preceding paragraph, such Lender further (a) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (b) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Syndication Agent and their respective Affiliates and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company, that none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or the Syndication Agent or their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, none of the Arrangers or the Syndication Agent shall have any duties or obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent or a Lender), but all such Persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities and exculpatory provisions provided for hereunder or thereunder. 
 The provisions of this Article VIII are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and, except solely to the extent of the Company s express rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article VIII, the Company shall not have any rights as a third party beneficiary of any such provisions. 
 ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 9.01. Notices . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone and subject to paragraph (b) of this Section, all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or, except in the case of notices and communications to the Company, sent by fax, as follows 
 (i) if to the Company, to F5, Inc., 801 5th Avenue, Seattle, Washington 98104, Attention of Scot Rogers, General Counsel (Email S.Rogers F5.com) Frank Pelzer, Chief Financial Officer (Email F.Pelzer f5.com) and Joseph 
 
 6069954 

68 

McDermott, Vice President, Corporate Controller (Email J.McDermott F5.com) 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., JPMorgan Loan Services, 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 1, Newark, DE 19713, Attention Dante Manerchia, dante.manerchia chase.com, 302-634-8159 and 
 (iii) if to any Lender, to it at its address (or fax number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices sent by fax shall be deemed to have been given when sent (but if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient) and notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in paragraph (b) of this Section shall be effective as provided in such paragraph. 
 (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications (including email, Internet and the Platform) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices under Article II to any Lender if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. Any notices or other communications to the Administrative Agent or the Company may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved in advance by the recipient thereof provided that approval of such procedures may be limited or rescinded by such Person by notice to each other such Person. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgment), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 
 (c) Any party hereto may change its address, fax number or email address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto (or, (i) in the case of any change by a Lender, by notice to the Company and the Administrative Agent and (ii) in the case of any change by the Company, by notice solely to the Administrative Agent). 
 (d) The Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communication by posting such Communication on Debt Domain, IntraLinks, SyndTrak or a similar electronic transmission system (the Platform ). The Platform is provided as is and as available . Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties warrants, or shall be deemed to warrant, the adequacy of the Platform, and the Administrative Agent expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third- 
 
 6069954 

69 

party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made, or shall be deemed to be made, by the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties in connection with the Communications or the Platform. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties have any liability to the Company, any Lender or any other Person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise), arising out of the Company s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Communications through the Platform provided that the foregoing shall not apply as to the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties to the extent such damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from (i) the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties or (ii) a material breach of the obligations of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under this Agreement. 
 SECTION 9.02. Waivers Amendments . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by the Company therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loans shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (b) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this Section, none of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except, in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders and, in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Company, in each case with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender or change the currencies in which Loans are available under the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or reduce the rate of interest thereon or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of any principal of any Loan, or any scheduled date for the payment of any interest or fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.15(b) or 2.15(c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender or (v) change any of the provisions of this paragraph (b) or the percentage set forth in the definition of the term Required Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of 
 
 6069954 

70 

each Lender provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify, extend or otherwise affect the rights or obligations of the Administrative Agent without the written consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in paragraph (b) of this Section 
 (i) any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by the Company and the Administrative Agent to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency so long as, in each case, the Lenders shall have received at least five Business Days prior written notice thereof and the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five Business Days of the date of such notice to the Lenders, a written notice from the Required Lenders stating that the Required Lenders object to such amendment 
 (ii) no consent with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be required of any Defaulting Lender, except with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the first proviso of paragraph (b) of this Section and then only in the event such Defaulting Lender shall be directly and adversely affected by such amendment, waiver or other modification 
 (iii) in the case of any amendment, waiver or other modification referred to in the first proviso of paragraph (b) of this Section, no consent with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be required of any Lender that receives payment in full of the principal of and interest accrued on each Loan made by such Lender, and all other amounts owing to or accrued for the account of such Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, at the time such amendment, waiver or other modification becomes effective and whose Commitments terminate by the terms and upon the effectiveness of such amendment, waiver or other modification and 
 (iv) this Agreement may be amended in the manner provided in Sections 2.11(b), 2.18 and 2.19. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent may, but shall have no obligation to, with the written concurrence of any Lender, execute amendments, waivers or other modifications on behalf of such Lender. Any amendment, waiver or other modification effected in accordance with this Section shall be binding upon each Person that is at the time thereof a Lender and each Person that subsequently becomes a Lender. 
 SECTION 9.03. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver . (a) The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their Affiliates, which shall be limited, in the case of counsel expenses, to the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of a single firm of U.S. counsel and, if reasonably deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent, a single firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction (which may be a single firm of local counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions), in each case, for the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their Affiliates taken as a whole, in connection with the structuring, arrangement and syndication of the credit facility provided for herein, including the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket 
 
 6069954 

71 

expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any Lender in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans (but limited, in the case of counsel expenses, to the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of a single firm of U.S. counsel and, if reasonably deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent, a single firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction (which may be a single firm of local counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions), in each case, for the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders, taken as a whole, and, in the case of an actual or perceived (in good faith) conflict of interest, where the Person affected by such conflict informs the Company of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of U.S. counsel and, if reasonably deemed necessary by such affected Person, one additional firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction (which may include a single firm of local counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for each such affected Person). 
 (b) The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent, each Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses (excluding loss of profits), claims, damages, liabilities and reasonable and documented related expenses, including reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee (but limited to a single firm of U.S. counsel and, if reasonably deemed necessary by the Indemnitees, a single firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction (which may be a single firm of local counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions), in each case, for the Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and, in the case of an actual or perceived (in good faith) conflict of interest, where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict informs the Company of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of U.S. counsel and, if reasonably deemed necessary by such affected Indemnitee, one additional firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction (which may include a single firm of local counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for each group of similarly affected Indemnitees), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the structuring, arrangement and syndication of the credit facility provided for herein, the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents of their obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) any Loan or the use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of any Hazardous Material at, in, on or from any property currently or formerly owned, based or operated by the Company or any Subsidiary (or Person that was formerly a Subsidiary) of any of them, or any other Environmental Liability related in any way to the Company, any Subsidiary (or Person that was formerly a Subsidiary) of any of them, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and whether initiated against or by any party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any Affiliate of any of the foregoing or any third party (and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto) provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (A) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (1) the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Indemnitee Parties or (2) a material breach of the obligations of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Indemnitee Parties under this Agreement or (B) arise from any dispute among the Indemnitees or any of their Related 
 
 6069954 

72 

Indemnitee Parties, other than any claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Syndication Agent or any other titled person in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as such and other than any claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding arising out of any act or omission on the part of the Company or any of its Affiliates. In case any claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding is instituted involving any Indemnitee for which indemnification will be sought under this paragraph by such Indemnitee, such Indemnitee will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Company promptly of the commencement of such claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding provided that the failure to so notify the Company will not relieve the Company from any liability that it may have to such Indemnitee pursuant to this Agreement, unless the Company s rights and defenses of such matter are materially adversely affected by such failure to notify the Company. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding (or expenses related thereto) effected without the Company s written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, it being understood that the withholding of consent due to non-satisfaction of any of the conditions described in clauses (i) and (ii) of the succeeding sentence (with Company being substituted for Indemnitee in each such clause) shall be deemed reasonable), but if settled with the Company s written consent, or if there is a final judgment in any such claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee to the extent and in the manner set forth above. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of an Indemnitee (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), effect any settlement or consent to the entry of any judgment of any pending or threatened (in writing) claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding against an Indemnitee in respect of which indemnity has been or could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnitee unless such settlement (i) includes an unconditional release of such Indemnitee, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnitee, from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such claim, litigation, investigation, arbitration or proceeding and (ii) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of such Indemnitee or any injunctive relief or other non-monetary remedy. The Company acknowledges that any failure to comply with its obligations under the preceding sentence may cause irreparable harm to the Indemnitees. Each Indemnitee shall be obligated to refund and return promptly any and all amounts actually paid by the Company to such Indemnitee under this paragraph (b) for any losses, claims, damages, penalties, liabilities or expenses to the extent such Indemnitee is subsequently determined, by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment, to not be entitled to payment of such amounts in accordance with the terms of this paragraph (b). This paragraph (b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) To the extent that the Company fails indefeasibly to pay any amount required under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing (and without limiting its obligation to do so), each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent). For purposes of this Section, a Lender s pro rata share shall be determined based upon its share of the sum of the total 
 
 6069954 

73 

Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments at the time (or most recently outstanding or in effect, if the foregoing shall no longer be outstanding or in effect at such time). 
 (d) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall not assert, and the Company hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee (i) for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), provided that the foregoing shall not apply as to any Indemnitee to the extent such damages are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final, non-appealable judgment to have resulted from (A) the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Indemnitee Parties or (B) a material breach of the obligations of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Indemnitee Parties under this Agreement, or (ii) on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages), including, without limitation, any loss of profits, business or anticipated savings, arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 (e) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no Indemnitee shall assert, and each of them hereby waives, any claim against the Company, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages), including, without limitation, any loss of profits, business or anticipated savings, arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof provided , that nothing in this paragraph (e) shall limit the Company s indemnity and reimbursement obligations set forth in this Section or separately agreed. 
 (f) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable within 30 days after receipt of written demand therefor (together with reasonably detailed backup documentation). 
 SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) other than as expressly provided in Section 6.04(a)(ii), the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Company without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, sub-agents of the Administrative Agent, Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section), the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of the foregoing) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) of 
 
 6069954 

74 

(A) the Company, provided that no consent of the Company shall be required for an assignment (x) to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or (y) if an Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (h) or (i) of Article VII shall have occurred and be continuing, provided further in each case that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days after having received written notice thereof and 
 (B) the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than US 5,000,000 unless each of the Company and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents, provided that (1) no such consent of the Company shall be required if an Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (h) or (i) of Article VII shall have occurred and be continuing and (2) the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days after having received written notice thereof 
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption (or an agreement incorporating by reference a form of Assignment and Assumption posted on the Platform), together with a processing and recordation fee of US 3,500, provided that only one such processing and recordation fee shall be payable in the event of simultaneous assignments from any Lender or its Approved Funds to one or more other Approved Funds of such Lender and 
 (D) the assignee, if it shall not already be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain MNPI) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable law, including United States (Federal or State) and foreign securities laws. 
 (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(v) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption (or an agreement incorporating by reference a form of Assignment and Assumption posted on the Platform) the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and 
 
 6069954 

75 

Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.14 and 9.03) provided that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender having been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 9.04(c). 
 (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Company, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and records of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company and, as to entries pertaining to it, any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (v) Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of an Assignment and Assumption (or an agreement incorporating by reference a form of Assignment and Assumption posted on the Platform) executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender) and the processing and recordation fee referred to in this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to accept such Assignment and Assumption or so record the information contained therein if the Administrative Agent reasonably believes that such Assignment and Assumption lacks any written consent required by this Section or is otherwise not in proper form, it being acknowledged that the Administrative Agent shall have no duty or obligation (and shall incur no liability) with respect to obtaining (or confirming the receipt) of any such written consent or with respect to the form of (or any defect in) such Assignment and Assumption, any such duty and obligation being solely with the assigning Lender and the assignee. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph, and following such recording, unless otherwise determined by the Administrative Agent (such determination to be made in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent, which determination may be conditioned on the consent of the assigning Lender and the assignee), shall be effective notwithstanding any defect in the Assignment and Assumption relating thereto. Each assigning Lender and the assignee, by its execution and delivery of an Assignment and Assumption, shall be deemed to have represented to the Administrative Agent that all written consents required by this Section with respect thereto (other than the consent of the Administrative Agent) have been obtained and that such Assignment and Assumption is otherwise duly completed and in proper form, and each assignee, by its execution and delivery of an Assignment and Assumption, shall be deemed to have represented to the assigning Lender and the Administrative Agent that such assignee is an Eligible Assignee. 
 
 6069954 

76 

(c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Company or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more Eligible Assignees Participants in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and Loans) provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Company, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant or requires the approval of all the Lenders. The Company agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.12, 2.13 and 2.14 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.14(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.14(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section provided that such Participant (x) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.15 and 2.16 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (y) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.12 or 2.14 with respect to any participation than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Company s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.16(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.15(c) as though it were a Lender. 
 (ii) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Company, maintain records of the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans or other rights and or obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that any such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as such) shall not have any responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, 
 
 6069954 

77 

including any pledge or grant to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or grant of a security interest provided that no such pledge or grant of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 SECTION 9.05. Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Company in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto or thereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent, the Lenders or any Related Party of any of the foregoing may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any Loan Document was executed and delivered or any credit was extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any interest accrued on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid (other than contingent obligations for indemnification, expense reimbursement, tax gross-up or yield protection as to which no claim has been made) and so long as any of the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.14, 2.15(d), 2.15(e) and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans and the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 SECTION 9.06. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution . (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof, including the commitments of the Lenders and, if applicable, their Affiliates with respect to the credit facility established hereunder under any commitment advices submitted by any Lender. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic imaging shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 (b) The words execution , execute , signed , signature , and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement (including any Assignment and Assumptions, amendments and other notices, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on the Platform, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws 
 
 6069954 

78 

based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act provided that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is not under any obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Company, electronic images of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (in each case, including with respect to any signature pages thereto) shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, and (ii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including with respect to any signature pages thereto. 
 SECTION 9.07. Severability . Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) or other amounts at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or by such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Company against any of and all the obligations then due of the Company now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations of the Company are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness. The rights of each Lender and each Affiliate of any Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or Affiliate may have. Each Lender agrees to notify the Company and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application provided that the failure to give notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 SECTION 9.09. Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process . (a) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 
 (b) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York and of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document brought by it or any of its controlled Affiliates shall be brought, and shall be heard and determined, exclusively in such United States District Court or, if that court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, such Supreme 
 
 6069954 

79 

Court. Each party hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. 
 (c) Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 SECTION 9.11. Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Related Parties, including accountants, legal counsel and other agents and advisors, on a need to know basis, it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made are informed of the confidential nature of such Information and either are subject to confidentiality obligations of employment or professional practice or have agreed to treat such information confidentially in accordance with the terms of this Section (or provisions substantially similar to this Section), (b) to the extent required or requested by any Governmental Authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners) (in which case such Person agrees to inform the Company promptly thereof to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any Governmental Authority exercising examination or regulatory authority)), (c) to the extent required by applicable law or by any subpoena or similar legal process (in which case such Person agrees to inform the 
 
 6069954 

80 

Company promptly thereof to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law), (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder or any Transactions, (f) subject to an agreement containing confidentiality undertakings substantially similar to those of this Section (which shall be deemed to include those required to be made in order to obtain access to information posted on IntraLinks, SyndTrak or any other Platform), to (i) any assignee of or Participant in (or its Related Parties), or any prospective assignee of or Participant in (or its Related Parties), any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its Related Parties) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Company or any Subsidiary and their respective obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Company or its Subsidiaries or the credit facility provided for herein or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the credit facility provided for herein, (h) with the consent of the Company, (i) to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, provided that such information is limited to the information about this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (j) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company or any Subsidiary that is not known by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Related Party to be prohibited from disclosing such Information to such Person by a legal, contractual, or fiduciary obligation owed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (k) to the extent that such information (i) was already in the possession of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing or (ii) is independently developed by the Administrative Agent or such Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing or (l) to any credit insurance provider (or its Related Parties) relating to the Company and its obligations. For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Company or any Subsidiary relating to the Company or any Subsidiary or its businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company or any Subsidiary. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has used commercially reasonable efforts to exercise the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. It is agreed that, notwithstanding the restrictions of any prior confidentiality agreement binding on the Administrative Agent or any Arranger, such Persons may disclose Information as provided in this Section. 
 SECTION 9.13. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts that are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate that may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to 
 
 6069954 

81 

such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the NYFRB Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
 SECTION 9.14. USA PATRIOT Act Notice and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation . Each Lender and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Company that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and or the Beneficial Ownership Regulation it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Company, which information includes the name and address of the Company and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Company in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act and or the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 SECTION 9.15. No Fiduciary Relationship . The Company, on behalf of itself and the Subsidiaries, agrees that in connection with all aspects of the transactions contemplated hereby and any communications in connection therewith, the Company, the Subsidiaries and their Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and their Affiliates, on the other hand, will have a business relationship that does not create, by implication or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or their Affiliates, and no such duty will be deemed to have arisen in connection with any such transactions or communications. The Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent, the Lenders and their Affiliates may be engaged, for their own accounts or the accounts of customers, in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company and its Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent, the Lenders or their Affiliates has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Company or any of its Affiliates. The Company agrees that it will not assert any claims against the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent, the Lenders or their respective Affiliates with respect to any breach or alleged breach of a fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 SECTION 9.16. Non-Public Information . (a) Each Lender acknowledges that all information, including requests for waivers and amendments, furnished by the Company or the Administrative Agent pursuant to or in connection with, or in the course of administering, this Agreement will be syndicate-level information, which may contain MNPI. Each Lender represents to the Company and the Administrative Agent that (i) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of MNPI and that it will handle MNPI in accordance with such procedures and applicable law, including Federal, state and foreign securities laws, and (ii) it has identified in its Administrative Questionnaire a credit contact who may receive information that may contain MNPI in accordance with its compliance procedures and applicable law, including United States (Federal or state) and foreign securities laws. 
 (b) The Company and each Lender acknowledges that, if information furnished by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement is being distributed by the Administrative Agent through the Platform, (i) the Administrative Agent may post any information that the Company has indicated as containing MNPI solely on that portion of the Platform designated for Private Side Lender Representatives and (ii) if the Company has not indicated whether any information furnished by it pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement contains MNPI, the Administrative Agent reserves the right to post such information solely on that portion of the Platform designated for Private Side Lender Representatives. At the request of the Administrative Agent, the Company agrees to clearly designate all information provided to the Administrative Agent by or on behalf of the Company that is 
 
 6069954 

82 

suitable to be made available to Public Side Lender Representatives, and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on any such designation by the Company without liability or responsibility for the independent verification thereof. 
 (c) If the Company does not file this Agreement with the SEC, then the Company hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to distribute the execution version of this Agreement and the Loan Documents to all Lenders, including their Public Side Lender Representatives. The Company acknowledges its understanding that Lenders, including their Public Side Lender Representatives, may be trading in securities of the Company and its Affiliates while in possession of the Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 9.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among the parties hereto, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
 
 Signature pages follow 

6069954 

EXHIBIT B 
 FORM OF 
 BORROWING REQUEST 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 JPMorgan Loan Services 
 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 1 
 Newark, DE 19713 
 Attention Dante Manerchia 
 dante.manerchia chase.com 
 302-634-8159 

Date 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is made to the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2020 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among F5, Inc. (f k a F5 Networks, Inc.), a Washington corporation (the Company ), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Credit Agreement. 
 This notice constitutes a Borrowing Request and the Company hereby gives notice, pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Credit Agreement, that it requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in connection therewith specifies the following information with respect to such Borrowing 
 (A) Aggregate principal amount of Borrowing 1 _________________ 
 (B) Date of Borrowing (which is a Business Day) ________________ 
 (C) Type of Borrowing 2 ____________________________________ 
 (D) Interest Period and the last day thereof 3 _____________________ 
 (E) Location and number of the account or accounts to which proceeds of the requested Borrowing are to be disbursed Name of Bank (Account No. _________________________________________) 

1 Must comply with Sections 2.01 and 2.02(c) of the Credit Agreement. 
 2 Specify ABR Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing. If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. 
 3 Applicable to Term SOFR Borrowings only. Shall be subject to the definition of Interest Period and can be a period of one, three or six months. If an Interest Period is not specified, then the Company shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. May not end after the Maturity Date. 
 Exhibit B 
 
 6075346 

Very truly yours, 
 F5, INC. By Name Title 

Exhibit B 
 
 6075346 

EXHIBIT D 
 
 FORM OF 
 INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 JPMorgan Loan Services 
 500 Stanton Christiana Road, NCC5, Floor 1 
 Newark, DE 19713 
 Attention Dante Manerchia 
 dante.manerchia chase.com 
 302-634-8159 
 
 Date 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is made to the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2020 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among F5, Inc. (f k a F5 Networks, Inc.), a Washington corporation (the Company ), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent. Each capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to it in the Credit Agreement. 
 This notice constitutes an Interest Election Request and the Company hereby gives notice, pursuant to Section 2.05 of the Credit Agreement, that it requests the conversion or continuation of a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in connection therewith specifies the following information with respect to such Borrowing and each resulting Borrowing 
 1. Borrowing to which this request applies ________________________ Principal Amount ________________________ Type _______________________________ Interest Period 1 _______________________________ 
 2. Effective date of this election 2 _______________________________ 

1 In the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, specify the last day of the current Interest Period therefor. 
 2 Must be a Business Day. 
 
 Exhibit D 
 
 6075346 

3. Resulting Borrowing s 3 Principal Amount 4 _______________________________ Type 5 _______________________________ Interest Period 6 _______________________________ 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 F5, INC. By ______________________________ Name Title 

3 If different options are being elected with respect to different portions of the Borrowing specified in item 2 above, provide the information required by this item 3 for each resulting Borrowing. Each resulting Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of, and not less than, the amount specified for a Borrowing in Section 2.02(c) of the Credit Agreement. 
 4 Indicate the principal amount of the resulting Borrowing and the percentage of the Borrowing in item 2 above. 
 5 Specify whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing. 
 6 Applicable only if the resulting Borrowing is to be a Term SOFR Borrowing. Shall be subject to the definition of Interest Period and can be a period of one, three or six months. Cannot extend beyond the Maturity Date. If an Interest Period is not specified, then the Company shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 
 Exhibit D 
 
 6075346 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ffiv10kex2119302023.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Organization Shape Security, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Traffix Communication Systems, Ltd. Israel Versafe, Ltd. Israel F5 Networks Singapore Pte Ltd. Singapore F5 Networks Ltd. United Kingdom F5 Government Solutions LLC Virginia, U.S.A. All other subsidiaries would not in the aggregate constitute a significant subsidiary as defined in Regulation S-X. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ffiv10kex2319302023.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-194620, 333-203494, 333-217436, 333-231799, 333-231802, 333-232957, 333-236228, 333-238037, 333-252616, 333-255822, 333-260656, 333-264745, 333-269532, and 333-272446) of F5, Inc. of our report dated November 14, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Seattle, Washington 
 November 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ffiv10kex3119302023.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Fran ois Locoh-Donou, certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of F5, Inc. 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2023 
 
 s FRAN OIS LOCOH-DONOU Fran ois Locoh-Donou Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ffiv10kex3129302023.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Francis J. Pelzer, certify that 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of F5, Inc. 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2023 
 
 s FRANCIS J. PELZER Francis J. Pelzer Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ffiv10kex3219302023.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of F5, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Fran ois Locoh-Donou, President and Chief Executive Officer and Francis J. Pelzer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 14, 2023 
 
 s FRAN OIS LOCOH-DONOU Fran ois Locoh-Donou Chief Executive Officer and President s FRANCIS J. PELZER Francis J. Pelzer Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to F5, Inc., and will be retained by F5, Inc., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-97>
 8
 ffivex97incentivecompensat.htm
 EX-97

Document 

F5, Inc. 
 Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy 
 (Effective Date October 2, 2023) 

1. Purpose 
 The purpose of the F5, Inc. Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy (this Policy is to provide for the recovery of certain Incentive-Based Compensation in the event of an Accounting Restatement. This Policy is intended to comply with, and to be administered and interpreted consistent with, Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), Rule 10D-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act Rule 10D-1 ), and Listing Rule 5608 adopted by the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq (the Listing Standards ). Unless otherwise defined in this Policy, capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth in the Appendix attached hereto. 
 2. Policy for Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 
 In the event of an Accounting Restatement, it is the Company s policy to recover reasonably promptly the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received during the Recovery Period. 
 
 3. Application of Policy 
 This Policy applies to Incentive-Based Compensation Received by an Executive Officer (i) on or after October 2, 2023 and after such individual began service as an Executive Officer, (ii) if that person served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for the Incentive-Based Compensation, and (iii) while the Company had a listed class of securities on a national securities exchange. 
 4. Administration 
 4.1. This Policy shall be administered by the Compensation Committee, except that the Board may determine to act as the administrator or designate another committee of the Board to act as the administrator with respect to any portion of this Policy other than Section 4.3 (the Administrator ). The Administrator is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy. 
 4.2. The Company is authorized to take appropriate steps to implement this Policy and may effect recovery hereunder by (i) requiring payment to the Company, (ii) set-off, (iii) reducing compensation, or (iv) such other means or combination of means as the Administrator determines to be appropriate. 
 4.3. The Company need not recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation if and to the extent that the Compensation Committee or a majority of the independent members of the Board determines that such recovery is impracticable and not required under Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards, including if the Compensation Committee or a majority of the independent members of the Board determines that (i) the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered after making a reasonable attempt to recover, (ii) recovery would violate home country law adopted prior to November 28, 2022, after obtaining the opinion of home country counsel, or (iii) recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified broad-based retirement plan to fail the requirements of Section 401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 

4.4. The Administrator may require each Executive Officer to sign and return to the Company an Acknowledgment Form substantially in the form attached to this Policy as Exhibit A or in such other form determined by the Administrator, pursuant to which the Executive Officer agrees to be bound by, and comply with, the terms of this Policy 
 4.5. Any determinations made by the Administrator under this Policy shall be final and binding on all affected individuals and need not be uniform among affected individuals. 
 5. Other Recovery Rights Company Claims 
 Any right of recovery pursuant to this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law or pursuant to the terms of any compensation recovery policy in any employment agreement, plan or award agreement, or pursuant to the terms of any other compensation recovery policy of the Company. Nothing contained in this Policy and no recovery hereunder shall limit any claims, damages, or other legal remedies the Company may have against an individual arising out of or resulting from any actions or omissions by such individual. 
 
 6. Reporting and Disclosure 
 The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy in accordance with the requirements of federal securities laws. 
 
 7. Indemnification Prohibition 
 Notwithstanding the terms of any indemnification or insurance policy or any contractual arrangement that may be interpreted to the contrary, the Company shall not indemnify any Executive Officer with respect to amount(s) recovered under this Policy or claims relating to the enforcement of this Policy, including any payment or reimbursement for the cost of third-party insurance purchased by such Executive Officer to fund potential clawback obligations hereunder. 
 
 8. Amendment Termination 
 The Board or the Compensation Committee may amend or terminate this Policy from time to time in its discretion as it deems appropriate and shall amend this policy as it deems necessary to comply with applicable law or any rules or standards adopted by a national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed provided, however, that no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective to the extent it would cause the Company to violate any federal securities laws, Securities and Exchange Commission rule or the rules or standards of any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 
 9. Successors 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all individuals who are or were Executive Officers and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators, or other legal representatives. 
 
 10. Effective Date 
 This Policy was approved on October 20, 2023 and is effective only for Incentive-Based Compensation Received on or after the Effective Date. The Company s Executive Compensation Clawback Policy approved and adopted in January, 2017 shall govern all Incentive-Based Compensation Received prior to the Effective Date. 

APPENDIX 
 
 Definitions For purposes of this Policy, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement of the Company s financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any accounting restatement required to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 
 
 Administrator has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1 hereof. 
 
 Board means the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 Company means F5, Inc., a Washington corporation, and its affiliates. 
 
 Compensation Committee means the Talent and Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 
 Erroneously Awarded Compensation means the amount, as determined by the Administrator, of Incentive-Based Compensation received by an Executive Officer that exceeds the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that would have been received by the Executive Officer had it been determined based on the restated amounts. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return TSR the Administrator will determine the amount based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or TSR upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was received, and the Company will maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide the documentation to Nasdaq. In all cases, the amount to be recovered will be calculated without regard to any taxes paid by the Executive Officer with respect of the Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 
 
 Executive Officers means the Company s current and former executive officers as determined by the Administrator in accordance with Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards. Generally, Executive Officers include any executive officer designated by the Board as an officer under Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Financial Reporting Measure means (i) any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements and any measure derived wholly or in part from such a measure, and (ii) any measure based wholly or in part on the Company s stock price or total shareholder return. A Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation granted, earned, or vested based in whole or in part on the Company s attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed to be Received for purposes of this Policy in the fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of such Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 
 Recovery Period means the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Company is required to prepare the applicable Accounting Restatement and any transition period as described under Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards. For purposes of this Policy, the date that the Company is required to prepare the applicable Accounting Restatement is the earlier to occur of (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an 

Accounting Restatement, or (ii) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 

Exhibit A 
 
 F5, Inc. Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy 
 
 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT FORM 
 
 I, the undersigned, acknowledge and affirm that I have received and reviewed a copy of the F5, Inc. Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy, and agree that (i) I am and will continue to be subject to the F5, Inc. Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy, as amended from time to time (the Policy ), (ii) the Policy will apply to me both during and after my employment with the Company, and (iii) I will abide by the terms of the Policy, including, without limitation, by promptly returning any Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company to the extent required by, and in a manner determined by the Administrator and permitted by, the Policy. In the event of any inconsistency between the Policy and the terms of any employment agreement or offer letter to which I am a party, or the terms of any compensation plan, program, or agreement under which any compensation has been granted, awarded, earned or paid, the terms of the Policy shall govern. 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Acknowledgement Form shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Policy. 
 
 ________________________________ 
 Signature 
 
 ________________________________ 
 Print Name 
 
 ________________________________ 
 Date 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ffiv-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ffiv-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ffiv-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ffiv-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ffiv-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

