<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231108_10-K_edgar_data_814547_0000814547-23-000022.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11987966</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>421579</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1922896</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4708801</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2499673</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2158210</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000814547-23-000022.hdr.sgml : 20231108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231108161641
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000814547-23-000022
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FAIR ISAAC CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000814547
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				941499887
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11689
		FILM NUMBER:		231388129

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 WEST MENDENHALL
		STREET 2:		SUITES 105
		CITY:			BOZEMAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59715
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(406) 982-7276

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 WEST MENDENHALL
		STREET 2:		SUITES 105
		CITY:			BOZEMAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59715

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FAIR ISAAC & COMPANY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000814547-23-000022.txt : 20231108

10-K
 1
 fico-20230930.htm
 10-K FY23

fico-20230930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 oration 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 -982 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 
 As of March 31, 2023, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the last transaction price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purposes. 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding on October 27, 2023 was (excluding 64,143,226 shares held by the Company as treasury stock). 

Table of Contents 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 Item 2. Properties 
 27 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 30 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 46 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 82 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 82 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 83 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 83 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 84 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 86 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 86 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 86 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 86 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 87 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 91 
 Signatures 
 92 

1 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Statements contained in this report that are not statements of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the PSLRA ). In addition, certain statements in our future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), in press releases, and in oral and written statements made by us or with our approval that are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the PSLRA. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) projections of revenue, income or loss, expenses, earnings or loss per share, the payment or nonpayment of dividends, share repurchases, capital structure and other statements concerning future financial performance; (ii) statements of our plans and objectives by our management or Board of Directors, including those relating to products or services, research and development, and the sufficiency of capital resources; (iii) statements of assumptions underlying such statements, including those related to economic conditions; (iv) statements regarding results of business combinations or strategic divestitures; (v) statements regarding business relationships with vendors, customers or collaborators, including the proportion of revenues generated from international as opposed to domestic customers; and (vi) statements regarding products and services, their characteristics, performance, sales potential or effect in use by customers. Words such as believes, anticipates, expects, intends, targeted, should, potential, goals, strategy, outlook, plan, estimated, will, variations of these terms and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, below. The performance of our business and our securities may be adversely affected by these factors and by other factors common to other businesses and investments, or to the general economy. Forward-looking statements are qualified by some or all of these risk factors. Therefore, you should consider these risk factors with caution and form your own critical and independent conclusions about the likely effect of these risk factors on our future performance. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which statements are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or circumstances. Readers should carefully review the disclosures and the risk factors described in this and other documents we file from time to time with the SEC, including our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 Fair Isaac Corporation (NYSE: FICO) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company, which may also be referred to in this report as we, us, our, and FICO is a leading applied analytics company. We were founded in 1956 on the premise that data, used intelligently, can improve business decisions. Today, FICO s software and the widely used FICO Score operationalize analytics, enabling thousands of businesses in more than 100 countries to uncover new opportunities, make timely decisions that matter, and execute them at scale. Most leading banks and credit card issuers rely on our solutions, as do insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers, automotive lenders, consumer reporting agencies, public agencies, and organizations in other industries. We also serve consumers through online services that enable people to access and understand their FICO Scores the standard measure in the U.S. of consumer credit risk empowering them to increase financial literacy and manage their financial health. More information about us can be found on our website, www.fico.com. We make our Annual Reports on Forms 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q, and Current Reports on Forms 8-K, as well as amendments to those reports, available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). References to our website address in this report do not constitute an incorporation by reference. Information on our website is not part of this report. 
 
 PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
 Our business consists of two operating segments: Scores and Software. 
 Our Scores segment includes our business-to-business B2B scoring solutions and services which give our clients access to predictive credit and other scores that can be easily integrated into their transaction streams and decision-making processes. This segment also includes our business-to-consumer B2C scoring solutions, including our myFICO.com subscription offerings. 
 Our Software segment includes pre-configured analytic and decision management solutions designed for a specific type of business need or process such as account origination, customer management, customer engagement, fraud detection, and marketing as well as associated professional services. This segment also includes FICO Platform, a modular software offering designed to support advanced analytic and decision use cases, as well as stand-alone analytic and decisioning software that can be configured by our customers to address a wide variety of business use cases. Our offerings are available to our customers as software-as-a-service SaaS or as on-premises software. 
 
 Scores 
 Our B2B scoring solutions include the FICO Score, which is the standard measure of consumer credit risk in the U.S. It is used in most U.S. credit decisions, by nearly all major banks, credit card issuers, mortgage lenders, and auto loan originators. Our B2B scoring solutions are primarily distributed through major consumer reporting agencies worldwide. Our B2C scores are sold directly to consumers through our myFICO.com website and other direct-to-consumer channels. 
 The FICO Score is a three-digit number ranging from 300-850. Our proprietary analytic algorithms are applied to credit data collected and maintained by the three U.S. national consumer reporting agencies Experian, TransUnion and Equifax to produce standard scores that are used across the credit lifecycle, including in origination, account management and consumer marketing. Users of our scores generally pay the consumer reporting agencies a fee for each individual score generated by our algorithms, and the consumer reporting agencies pay an associated fee to us. Except for product development using de-personalized data, FICO does not collect or store the consumer credit data used in the calculation of our scores, and in most cases, we do not sell our scores directly to lenders or other end-users. 
 Since the introduction of the FICO Score in the U.S. in 1989, we have regularly updated the score to take advantage of newly available data and enhanced analytics. Our most recent and most predictive scores, FICO Score 10 and 10 T, were introduced in January 2020. To increase its predictive power, FICO Score 10 T builds on FICO Score 10 but also incorporates trended credit data. Trended data considers a longer historical view, giving lenders even more insight into how individuals are managing their credit. When we introduced FICO Score 9 in 2015, it also made use of newly available data such as reported rental payment history, while also de-emphasizing medical debt and disregarding paid collections. 
 Most of our scores distributed today are FICO Score 8 and FICO Score 9. Our new FICO Scores are generally designed to provide greater predictive accuracy than the scores they replace, and to be compatible with prior versions of the FICO Score. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to the FICO Score, we offer several other broad-based scores, including specific FICO Industry Scores. For example, in July 2021 we introduced Bankcard and Auto Industry versions of FICO Score 10. We also develop various custom scores for our financial services clients. 
 The FICO Resilience Index offering is designed to complement FICO Score models by identifying those consumers who are more resilient to economic stress relative to other consumers within the same FICO Score bands. The FICO Resilience Index is designed to enable lenders to continue to lend and better manage risk by providing a more precise assessment of loan default risk during periods of economic stress. 
 FICO has invested significant resources in the development of scores that can help expand credit access and lower borrowing costs for consumers that have limited credit history or who have sparse or inactive credit files. These scores use alternative data sources to enhance conventional credit bureau data and generate scores for otherwise un-scorable consumers and in many cases improve the credit scores of scorable consumers. 
 FICO Score XD uses public records and property data, and a consumer s history with mobile phone, landline phone and cable payments, to generate scores on the same 300-850 scale as standard FICO Scores. FICO Score XD is available to lenders through our distribution partners, LexisNexis Risk Solutions and Equifax. 
 The UltraFICO TM Score uses consumer-permissioned data such as checking, savings, or money market account data, to generate scores on the same 300-850 scale as standard FICO Scores. Incorporating consumer-permissioned data helps empower consumers to establish or improve their creditworthiness by using data that reflects sound financial activity, but that is not part of a conventional credit report. 
 Both scores maintain the same score to risk relationship as standard FICO Scores, enhancing their compatibility with existing credit underwriting systems and models. 
 Outside the U.S., we offer FICO Scores for consumer loans, and in some cases for small and medium business loans. These scores are typically sold to end-users through consumer reporting agencies in those countries, as they are in the U.S. We have also developed client-specific versions of the FICO Score in over ten countries that we sell directly to end-user customers. FICO Scores have been made available in over 40 countries. 
 We also provide FICO Scores to consumers in the U.S. through our B2C scoring solutions. These Scores are distributed directly by us through our myFICO.com subscription offering and indirectly through our licensed distribution partners, including Experian and certain lenders through the FICO Score Open Access Program. Through myFICO.com and other direct-to-consumer channels, consumers can purchase their FICO Scores, including credit reports associated with the scores, explanations of the factors affecting their scores, and customized educational information on how to manage their scores. Consumers can use products to simulate how taking specific actions could affect their FICO Score. Consumers can also subscribe to credit monitoring, which deliver alerts via email and text when changes to a user s FICO Scores or other credit report content are detected. In addition, consumers can purchase identity theft monitoring products that alert them to potential risks of identity fraud. 
 
 Software 
 Our software harnesses the power of analytics and digital decisioning technology to help businesses automate, improve, and connect decisions across their enterprise. Most of our solutions address customer engagement, including acquisition and pricing, onboarding, servicing and management, and fraud protection. We also help businesses improve non-customer facing decisions such as supply chain optimization, scheduling management and policy adherence. 
 FICO provides software solutions to business customers in more than 100 countries around the world. Our software can be deployed in the cloud utilizing third-party cloud services, or on-premises using our customers IT infrastructure. We typically sell our software as multi-year subscriptions, with payments based on usage metrics such as the number of accounts, transactions or decisioning use cases deployed, often subject to contracted minimum payments. 
 A significant and growing number of our software solutions run natively on FICO Platform, a modular software offering designed to support advanced analytics and decisioning use cases. While not all our software runs on FICO Platform today, we are continuing to invest significant development resources to enable substantially all of our software to run on FICO Platform in the future. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Principal Areas of Expertise 
 We specialize in solutions that empower businesses to operationalize analytics to uncover new opportunities, make timely decisions that matter, and execute them at scale. With more than 65 years of analytics and software experience, we have found that bringing human and digital intelligence together allows our customers to target and acquire customers more efficiently, increase customer value, reduce fraud and credit losses, lower operating expenses, and enter new markets more profitably. 
 Our principal areas of research and development expertise are focused on the following four analytic domains. 
 Predictive Modeling 
 Predictive modeling identifies and mathematically represents underlying relationships in historical data to make predictions or classifications about future events. Predictive models typically analyze current and historical data about individuals to produce easily understood metrics such as scores. These scores rank-order individuals or specific transactions against a particular variable such as the likelihood of making credit payments on time, the likelihood of a transaction being fraudulent or the probability of responding to a particular offer for services. Our predictive models are frequently used in mission-critical transactional systems and drive decisions and actions in near real time. 
 Several analytic methodologies underlie our products in this area. These include proprietary applications of both linear and nonlinear optimization algorithms, advanced neural systems, machine learning and AI. We also apply various statistical techniques for analysis and pattern detection within large datasets and can derive insights and predictive features from various forms of data, including unstructured data. 
 Decision Analysis and Optimization 
 Decision analysis refers to the broad quantitative field that deals with modeling, analyzing, and optimizing decisions made by individuals, groups, and organizations. Whereas predictive models analyze multiple aspects of individual behavior to forecast future behavior, decision analysis analyzes multiple aspects of a given decision to identify the most effective action to take to reach a desired result. This is often referred to as prescriptive analytics. Our integrated approach to decision analysis incorporates a decision model that mathematically maps the entire decision structure; proprietary optimization technology that identifies the most effective strategies, given both the performance objective and constraints; testing and simulation required for active, continuous learning; and the robust extrapolation of an optimized strategy to a wider set of scenarios than historically encountered. Our optimization capabilities also include native support for Python modeling, as well as our own proprietary mathematical modeling and programming language, an easy-to-use authoring environment, a configurable business simulation and scenario management interface and a set of pre-built optimization algorithms. 
 Transaction Profiling 
 Transaction profiling is a patent-protected technique used to extract meaningful information and reduce the complexity of transaction data used in modeling. Many of our products operate using transactional data, such as credit card purchase transactions, consumer interactions, or other types of data that change over time. In its raw form, this data is very difficult to use in predictive models for several reasons. First, an isolated transaction contains very little information about the behavior of the individual who generated the transaction. Second, transaction patterns change rapidly over time. Third, this type of data can often be highly complex. To overcome these issues, we have developed a set of techniques that transform raw transactional data into a mathematical representation that reveals latent information, and which make the data more usable by predictive models. This profiling technology accumulates data across multiple transactions of many types to create and update profiles of transaction patterns. These profiles enable our neural network models to efficiently and effectively make accurate assessments of, for example, fraud risk and credit risk within real-time transaction streams. 
 Customer Data Integration 
 Decisions made about customers or prospects can benefit from data stored in multiple sources, both inside and outside the enterprise. In the areas of analytics and digital decisioning, more data is generally better. We have developed proprietary data ingestion and management tools that are able to assemble and integrate disparate data sources into a unified view of the customer, household, or other subject through the application of persistent keying technology. This data can include structured or unstructured data. In addition, our technology can integrate multiple data sources in real-time and make them available for rapid analysis and decisions such as credit approval, fraud detection and next best offer workflows. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 We believe our analytic tools and solutions are among the best commercially available, and that we are uniquely positioned to integrate advanced analytic, software and data technologies into mission-critical business solutions that offer superior returns on investment. 
 
 FICO Platform 
 FICO Platform is an analytic and decisioning environment that empowers businesses to configure solutions that orchestrate and operationalize high velocity decisions that matter, at scale. Users of FICO Platform can bring together data from multiple sources, apply advanced analytics to derive insights, and translate those insights into actions and workflows that can be executed in real-time. Based on a modular cloud architecture, FICO Platform can be configured by our customers to solve a vast array of business challenges. FICO Platform delivers increasing value to our customers over time as they add additional analytic capabilities, configure their own solutions or utilize pre-configured solutions to address a diverse set of use cases and integrate disparate analytic and decisioning silos onto a centralized, scalable platform. This drives additional subscription software revenue for FICO over time as customers purchase more FICO Platform capabilities and pay for more usage of those capabilities. 
 Our goal is to move substantially all of FICO s current software products onto FICO Platform. For example, FICO s industry leading rules-based decisioning engine, FICO Blaze Advisor decision rules management system, is now available on FICO Platform as FICO Decision Modeler. In addition, many core capabilities of FICO s current software products are now part of FICO Platform, such as Originations and Fraud. We believe this strategy of moving our software products to FICO Platform will result in revenue growth through follow-on land and expand sales to existing Platform customers and more sales to medium-sized businesses typically served through value-added resellers and systems integrators. 
 Our annual recurring revenue ARR from FICO Platform based products was 173.2 million as of September 30, 2023, representing 26 of our total software ARR. 
 
 Our Offerings 
 We sell our software primarily as analytic and decisioning software or pre-configured solutions. Our software offerings are sold both individually and as integrated bundles of multiple products. 
 
 Analytic and Decisioning Software 
 FICO analytic and decisioning software offerings use proprietary and open source microservices and capabilities to enable both business users and data scientists to develop and execute advanced analytics and decision modeling. Our key products in this category include: 
 FICO Decision Modeler and FICO Blaze Advisor are our core decision rules modeling tools, which enable users to flexibly author and manage decision rules and strategies. FICO Decision Modeler delivers the functionality of our industry leading FICO Blaze Advisor product, with the added benefit of seamless integration into FICO Platform. FICO Blaze Advisor, the predecessor to FICO Decision Modeler, is available as an off-platform product. 
 FICO Xpress Optimization provides operations research professionals and business analysts with world-class solvers and productivity tools to determine optimal outcomes for a wide range of industry problems. FICO Xpress Optimization includes a powerful modeling and programming language to quickly model and solve even the largest optimization problems. FICO Xpress Optimization runs on FICO Platform. 
 FICO Analytics Workbench TM is a predictive analytics tool that allows businesses to create and deploy explainable machine learning models for use in decisions that typically require strict governance and compliance, often including regulatory oversight. FICO Analytics Workbench runs on FICO Platform. 
 FICO Data Orchestrator is a data retrieval and mapping solution that can access, gather, and transform data from corporate or public facing information services. FICO Data Orchestrator runs on FICO Platform. 
 FICO DMP Streaming is a real-time and batch data ingestion solution that uniquely delivers in-stream analytics for real-time data insights and complex event processing. 
 FICO Business Outcome Simulator enables business users to run a wide variety of insightful scenarios to assess how their business is likely to perform under varying conditions and assumptions. It unlocks insights into how key outcomes will likely shift in the face of changing competitor strategy, macroeconomic changes, evolving customer preferences, and more. FICO Business Outcome Simulator runs on FICO Platform. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 FICO Decision Optimizer helps business users understand how different customers will react to a variety of different actions that are being considered. Once that link is understood, FICO Decision Optimizer identifies the combination of actions most likely to lead to the desired portfolio outcomes through decisions such as who to offer a new product, what limit and/or price to offer, or how to treat delinquent customers. FICO Decision Optimizer runs on FICO Platform. 
 
 Pre-Configured Solutions 
 FICO's pre-configured solutions optimize customer interactions in real-time, driving greater customer engagement and improving business results. They enable acquisition and growth marketing, account activation and management, omni-channel communication, risk assessment, and fraud detection and prevention. Key FICO solutions offered today include: 
 FICO Fraud Solutions empower organizations to safeguard the business and their customers from payments fraud and application fraud. Leveraging advanced analytic capabilities on a large scale and in real-time, FICO Fraud Solutions identify fraud and enable strategies designed to prevent fraud across payment cards, money transfers, and instances where stolen or synthetic identities are exploited to open accounts. Our models that identify transaction fraud are continually improved using a proprietary, global data set of transaction data contributed by more than 9,000 institutions that participate in the FICO Falcon Intelligence Network. Certain Fraud Solutions capabilities are available on FICO Platform today, and we plan to make additional Fraud Solutions capabilities available on FICO Platform in the future. 
 FICO Originations Solution is an application-to-decision credit originations solution. It enables banks, credit unions, finance companies, online lenders, auto lenders, and other companies to automate and improve the processing of requests for credit. Our Originations Solution increases the speed, consistency and efficiency with which requests are handled, reducing losses, and increasing approval rates through the application of sophisticated policies and analytics that assess applicant risk and reduce the need for manual review by underwriters. Certain Originations capabilities are available on FICO Platform today, and we plan to make additional Originations capabilities available on FICO Platform in the future. 
 FICO Customer Communication Service is an intelligent omnichannel digital communication manager for resolving customer interactions. It enables businesses to automate individualized customer dialogues with the same consistency and regulatory compliance as their human agents. With Customer Communication Service, businesses can be available 24/7 for one-way or two-way communication through any channel their consumers choose. Businesses can rapidly launch mobile alerts, messaging, virtual agents, self-service options, and other auto-resolution capabilities. It helps make the full customer journey more efficient and raises the level of data-driven digital intelligence behind lifecycle communications. Certain Customer Communication products are available on FICO Platform today, and we plan to make additional Customer Communication products available on FICO Platform in the future. 
 FICO Strategy Director and FICO TRIAD Customer Manager enable businesses to automate and improve risk-based decisions for their existing credit customers. These products help businesses apply advanced analytics in credit account and customer decisions to increase portfolio revenue and reduce risk exposure and losses, while improving customer retention. They also allow users to manage risk and communications at both the account and customer level from a single place. FICO Strategy Director runs on FICO Platform. FICO TRIAD Customer Manager, the predecessor to FICO Strategy Director, is available as an off-platform product. 
 
 FICO Professional Services 
 FICO offers a range of professional services designed to help customers install and configure our software, develop and deploy advanced analytics using our software, and improve customer satisfaction and retention. 
 FICO Implementation Services. We often sell software implementation and configuration services in conjunction with our on-premise and SaaS subscriptions, and our perpetual license sales. The FICO implementation services team leverages their deep expertise in our products and their extensive industry-specific knowledge to help our customers implement and configure FICO software rapidly and effectively. 
 FICO Analytic Services. We build custom analytics, decision models and related analytics, and perform machine learning projects for clients in multiple industries. These analytic services help to improve critical business processes and operationalize analytics using FICO software products. Most of our engagements utilize predictive analytics, decision modeling and optimization to provide greater insight into customer preferences and help predict future customer behavior. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 FICO Advisors. FICO Advisors are business consultants accelerating the practical use of FICO solutions through data-driven analytics, strategic design, and software applications. Our seasoned practitioners are uniquely valued for their credit lifecycle risk and fraud knowledge and can help drive measurable results in an ever-dynamic economic market. 
 Our professional services are sold on an hourly time and materials basis or for a fixed project fee. 
 
 MARKETS AND CUSTOMERS 
 Our scores and software products and services serve clients in multiple industries, including banking, insurance, retail, healthcare and public agencies. End users of our products include three-quarters of each of the largest 100 financial institutions in the U.S. and the largest 100 banks in the world. Our clients also include more than 600 insurers, including nine of the top ten U.S. property and casualty insurers; more than 300 retailers and general merchandisers; and more than 200 government or public agencies. Eight of the top ten companies on the 2023 Fortune 500 list use one or more of our solutions. In addition, our consumer solutions are marketed to more than 200 million U.S. consumers whose credit relationships are reported to the three major U.S. consumer reporting agencies. 
 The majority of our scores are marketed and sold through consumer reporting agencies. During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, revenues generated from our agreements with Experian, TransUnion and Equifax collectively accounted for 41 , 39 and 38 of our total revenues, respectively. We also sell our scores and credit monitoring directly to consumers through our myFICO.com on-line subscription offerings. Outside of the U.S., we sell our scores through consumer reporting agencies, other third-party distributors, and in some cases directly to large end-users. 
 We market our software products and services primarily through our own direct sales organization that is organized around vertical and geographic markets. Sales teams are based in our headquarters and in field offices strategically located around the world. We also market our products through indirect channels, including alliance partners and other resellers. As more of our products are made available on FICO Platform, we expect our sales through indirect channels to grow. We are investing significant resources to develop our indirect channel relationships. 
 Our largest market segment is financial services, representing 91 of our total revenue in 2023. Our largest geographic market is the Americas, representing 85 of our total revenue in 2023. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 The market for our solutions is intensely competitive and is constantly changing. Our competitors vary both in size and in the scope of the products and services they offer. We encounter competition from several sources, including: 
 in-house analytic and systems developers; 
 neural network developers and artificial intelligence system builders; 
 fraud solution providers; 
 scoring model builders; 
 providers of credit reports and credit scores; 
 software companies supplying predictive analytic modeling, rules, or analytic development tools; 
 entity resolution and social network analysis solutions providers; 
 providers of customer engagement and risk management solutions; 
 providers of account workflow management software; 
 business process management and decision rules management providers; 
 enterprise resource planning and customer relationship management solutions providers; 
 business intelligence solutions providers; 
 providers of automated application processing services; and 
 third-party professional services and consulting organizations. 
 
 We believe we offer customers a unique mix of products, expertise and capabilities that allows us to compete effectively in our target markets. However, many of our competitors are larger than FICO, have more development, sales and marketing resources than FICO, and some have larger shares of our target geographic or product markets. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 We believe the principal competitive factors affecting our markets include technical performance; access to unique proprietary analytical models and data; product attributes like adaptability, scalability, interoperability, functionality, and ease-of-use; on-premises and SaaS product availability; product price; customer service and support; the effectiveness of sales and marketing efforts; existing market penetration; and reputation. Although we believe our products and services compete favorably with respect to these factors, we may not be able to maintain our competitive position against current and future competitors. 
 
 Scores 
 In our Scores segment, we compete with both outside suppliers and in-house analytics. Primary competitors among outside suppliers of scoring models are the three major consumer reporting agencies in the U.S. and Canada, which are also our partners in offering our scoring solutions, and VantageScore (a joint venture entity established by the major U.S. consumer reporting agencies). Additional competitors include consumer reporting agencies outside the U.S. like CRIF Ratings, which operates in the European Union, and other data providers like LexisNexis and ChoicePoint, some of which also are our partners. 
 For our offerings that deliver credit scores, credit reports and consumer credit education solutions directly to consumers, we compete with other direct to consumer credit and identity services such as Credit Karma, Credit Sesame, Experian and TransUnion, some of which are also our partners. 
 
 Software 
 The competition in our Software segment varies by application. In the fraud market for banking, we compete primarily with Nice Actimize, Experian, Pegasystems, BAE Systems Applied Intelligence, SAS, ACI Worldwide, IBM, Feedzai and Featurespace. In the customer origination market, we compete with Experian, Equifax, Moody s, Meridian Link, and CGI, among others. In the customer management market, we compete with Experian and SAS, among others. In the marketing services market, we compete with Pegasystems, Equifax, Experian, SAS, Adobe and Salesforce, among others. In the decision platform market, we compete with Pegasystems, IBM and SAS, among others. 

PRODUCT PROTECTION AND TRADEMARKS 
 
 We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements and procedures to protect our proprietary rights. 
 We retain the title to and protect the suite of models and software used to develop scoring models as a trade secret. We also restrict access to our source code and limit access to and distribution of our software, documentation, and other proprietary information. We have generally relied upon the laws protecting trade secrets and upon contractual nondisclosure safeguards and restrictions on transferability to protect our software and proprietary interests in our product and service methodology and know-how. Our confidentiality procedures include invention assignment and proprietary information agreements with our employees and independent contractors, and nondisclosure agreements with our distributors, strategic partners, and customers. We also claim copyright protection for certain proprietary software and documentation. 
 We have patents on many of our technologies and have patent applications pending on other technologies. The patents we hold may not be upheld as valid and may not prevent the development of competitive products. In addition, patents may never be issued on our pending patent applications or on any future applications that we may submit. As of September 30, 2023, we held 196 U.S. and 23 foreign patents, with 69 applications pending. 
 Despite our precautions, it may be possible for competitors or users to copy or reproduce aspects of our software or to obtain information that we regard as trade secrets. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. Patents and other protections for our intellectual property are important, but we believe our success and growth will depend principally on such factors as the knowledge, ability, experience and creative skills of our personnel, new products, frequent product enhancements and name recognition. 
 We have developed technologies for research projects conducted under agreements with various U.S. government agencies or their subcontractors. Although we have acquired commercial rights to these technologies, the U.S. government typically retains ownership of intellectual property rights and licenses in the technologies that we develop under these contracts. In some cases, the U.S. government can terminate our rights to these technologies if we fail to commercialize them on a timely basis. In addition, under U.S. government contracts, the government may make the results of our research public, which could limit our competitive advantage with respect to future products based on funded research. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 We have used, registered and/or applied to register certain trademarks and service marks for our technologies, products and services. As of September 30, 2023, we had 24 trademarks registered in the U.S. and select foreign countries. 
 GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION 
 We are subject to a number of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that involve matters central to our business. Laws and governmental regulation affect how our business is conducted and, in some cases, subject us to the possibility of government supervision or enforcement and future lawsuits arising from our products and services. Laws and governmental regulations also influence our current and prospective customers activities, as well as their expectations and needs in relation to our products and services. Laws and regulations that may affect our business and our current and prospective customers activities include, but are not limited to, those summarized below. 
 Many U.S. and foreign jurisdictions have passed, or are currently contemplating, a variety of consumer protection, data privacy, and cyber and data security laws and regulations that may relate to our business or the business of our customers or affect the demand for our products and services. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR in the United Kingdom U.K. and the European Union E.U. imposes, among other things, strict obligations and restrictions on the collection and use of U.K. and E.U. personal data, a requirement for prompt notice of data breaches in certain circumstances, a requirement for implementation of certain approved safeguards (such as the use of approved standard contractual clauses and the performance of appropriate data transfer impact assessments) for transfers of personal data to other countries that have not been determined by the E.U. or the U.K. to provide adequate data privacy protections, and possible substantial fines for any violations. Our implementation of processes to meet such requirements for affected data flows, which may involve interpretive issues, and may have an adverse impact on cross-border transfers of personal data, may subject us or our customers to additional scrutiny from E.U. and U.K. regulators or may increase our costs of compliance associated with maintaining appropriate certifications, performing any necessary assessments, engaging in contract negotiations with third parties and implementing approved standard contractual clauses, and/or (if appropriate) localizing certain data processing activities. Brazil, India, South Africa, Japan, China, Israel, Canada, and several other countries have introduced and, in some cases, enacted, similar data privacy and cyber and data security laws. 
 The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA gives California residents certain privacy rights in the collection and disclosure of their personal information and requires businesses to make certain disclosures and take certain other acts in furtherance of those rights. Additionally, effective January 1, 2023, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA revised and significantly expanded the scope of the CCPA. The CPRA also created a new agency, the California Privacy Protection Agency, authorized to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA, which could result in increased privacy and information security regulatory actions. Other U.S. states have considered and/or enacted similar privacy laws. For example, Virginia, Utah, Connecticut, and Colorado have passed new consumer privacy laws with effective dates in 2023, and Delaware, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, Oregon, Tennessee, and Texas have passed consumer privacy laws that will become effective in 2024, 2025, or 2026. 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLBA") regulates, among other things, the receipt, use, disclosure, and security of non-public personal information of consumers held by financial institutions and applies indirectly to companies that provide services to financial institutions. As a provider of services to financial institutions, portions of our business are subject to obligations to comply with certain GLBA provisions, including limitations on the use or disclosure of the underlying data and rules relating to the technological, physical and administrative safeguarding of non-public personal information. 
 The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 HIPAA and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), and their respective implementing regulations impose specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s security standards directly applicable to business associates. We function as a business associate for certain of our customers that are HIPAA-covered entities and service providers and, in that context, we are regulated as a business associate for the purposes of HIPAA. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act prohibits unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices UDAAP with respect to the offering of consumer financial products and services and provides the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB with enforcement authority to enforce those provisions as well as certain enumerated federal consumer financial laws. In certain circumstances, the CFPB also has examination and supervision powers with respect to service providers who provide a material service to a covered financial institution offering consumer financial products and services. Further, the CFPB has authority to issues rules designating non-depository larger participants in certain markets for consumer financial services and products for purposes of the CFPB s supervisory authority under the Dodd-Frank Act. Such designated larger participants are subject to reporting and on-site compliance examinations by the CFPB, which may result in increased compliance costs and potentially greater enforcement risks based on these supervisory activities. In addition, the laws and regulations issued by U.S. and foreign regulators of some of our largest financial institution customers may require them to flow down certain contractual obligations, exercise greater oversight, and perform more rigorous audits of their key service providers such as us. 
 The Federal Trade Commission Act (the FTC Act prohibits unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices. Under the FTC Act, the FTC s jurisdiction includes the ability to bring enforcement actions based on the security measures we employ to safeguard the personal data of consumers. Allegations that we failed to safeguard or handle such data in a reasonable manner may subject us to regulatory scrutiny or enforcement action. 
 The U.S. Fair Credit Reporting Act (the FCRA applies to consumer reporting agencies, as well as data furnishers, and users of consumer reports such as banks and other companies, many of which are our customers. The FCRA provisions govern the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies that engage in the practice of assembling or evaluating information relating to consumers for certain specified purposes. The FCRA limits the type of information that may be reported by consumer reporting agencies, limits the distribution and use of consumer reports, establishes consumer rights to access and dispute their own credit files, includes provisions designed to prevent identity theft and assist fraud victims, requires consumer reporting agencies to make a free annual credit report available to consumers and imposes many other requirements on consumer reporting agencies, data furnishers and users of consumer report information. These requirements can affect the manner and extent to which our customers use our products and services. 
 A number of states have enacted requirements similar to the FCRA. Some of these state laws impose additional, or more stringent, requirements than the FCRA, especially in connection with investigations and responses to reported inaccuracies in consumer reports. The FCRA preempts some of these state laws, but the scope of preemption continues to be defined by the courts. Various consumer credit laws and regulations in the foreign countries where we conduct business also affect the products and services we offer to our customers. 
 The Credit Repair Organizations Act (the CROA regulates companies that claim to be able to assist consumers in improving their credit standing. There have been efforts to apply the CROA to credit monitoring services offered by consumer reporting agencies and others, which may impact certain of our products and services. 
 Special requirements may apply to us when providing services directly or indirectly to U.S. federal, state and local government agencies. The applicable requirements depend upon the monetary value of the awarded contract, the particular government agency awarding or funding the contract, the scope of services to be delivered, and the level of access that the agency will need to provide to us to enable us to perform the contract. For example, we may need to abide by the Privacy Act of 1974, the Internal Revenue Service s Publication 4812, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation and associated supplemental contract clauses. Each of these laws, regulations and contract clauses imposes certain requirements, including measures for the protection of personal information or information that is otherwise categorized as sensitive by the government. Government agencies frequently modify or supplement these requirements, and consequences for violations of applicable requirements may include penalties, civil liability and for severe infractions, criminal liability. 
 There has been an increased focus on laws and regulations related to our business and the business of our customers, including by the current U.S. presidential administration, the U.S. Congress, and U.S. regulators, such as the CFPB, relating to policy concerns regarding the operation of consumer reporting agencies, the use and accuracy of credit and alternative data, the use of credit scores and fair lending, and the use, transparency, and fairness of algorithms, artificial intelligence, and machine learning in business processes. The European Commission has also released draft proposed regulations (i.e., the EU AI Act) that would establish requirements for the provision and use of products that leverage artificial intelligence, machine learning, and similar analytic and statistical modeling technologies, including credit scoring. The final version of the EU AI Act is expected to be published by the end of 2023 and is expected to become effective in 2026. 
 Additional laws and regulations that may affect our business and our current and prospective customers activities include, but are not limited to, those in the following significant regulatory areas: 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Laws and regulations that limit the use of credit scoring models (e.g., state mortgage trigger or inquiries laws, state insurance restrictions on the use of credit-based insurance scores, and the E.U. Consumer Credit Directive). 
 Fair lending laws (e.g., the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B, and the Fair Housing Act) and laws and regulations that may impose requirements relating to algorithmic fairness or accountability. 
 The Cybersecurity Act of 2015; the U.S. Department of Commerce s National Institute of Standards and Technology s Cybersecurity Framework; the Clarifying Lawful Overseas Use of Data Act; cyber incident notice requirements for banks and their service providers under rules and regulations issued by federal banking regulators; cybersecurity incident disclosure requirements for public companies under regulations issued by the SEC; and identity theft, file freezing, and similar state privacy laws. 
 Laws and regulations related to extension of credit to consumers through the Electronic Fund Transfers Act and Regulation E, as well as non governmental VISA and MasterCard electronic payment standards. 
 Laws and regulations applicable to secondary market participants (e.g., The Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac )) that could have an impact on our scoring products and revenues, including 12 CFR Part 1254 (Validation and Approval of Credit Score Models) issued by the Federal Housing Finance Agency in accordance with Section 310 of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 115-174), and any regulations, standards or criteria established pursuant to such laws or regulations, including the ongoing validation and approval of the use of the FICO Score by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the Federal Housing Finance Agency. 
 Laws and regulations applicable to our customer communication clients and their use of our products and services (e.g., the Telemarketing Sales Rule, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the CAN-SPAM Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, and regulations promulgated thereunder, and similar state laws and similar laws in other countries). 
 Laws and regulations applicable to our insurance clients and their use of our insurance products and services. 
 The application or extension of consumer protection laws, including implementing regulations (e.g., the Consumer Financial Protection Act, the Truth In Lending Act and Regulation Z, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and Regulation F, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, and the Military Lending Act, and similar state consumer protection laws). 
 Laws and regulations governing the use of the Internet and social media, telemarketing, advertising, endorsements and testimonials. 
 Anti-money laundering laws and regulations (e.g., the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA PATRIOT Act). 
 Laws and regulations restricting transactions with sanctioned parties and regarding export controls as they apply to FICO products delivered in non-U.S. countries or to foreign nationals (e.g., Office of Foreign Asset Control sanctions and Export Administration Regulations). 
 Financial regulatory standards (e.g., Sarbanes-Oxley Act requirements to maintain and verify internal process controls, including controls for material event awareness and notification). 
 Laws and regulations that apply to outsourcing of services by our clients, and that set forth requirements for managing third parties (e.g., vendors, contractors, suppliers and distributors). 
 We are also subject to federal and state laws that are generally applicable to any U.S. business with national or international operations, such as antitrust laws, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, state unfair or deceptive practices acts and various employment laws. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our People 
 As of September 30, 2023, we employed 3,455 persons across 29 countries. Of these, our largest representation includes 1,283 (37 based in the United States, 1,259 (36 based in India and 270 (8 based in the United Kingdom. Other than to the extent mandated by applicable law in certain foreign jurisdictions, none of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and no work stoppages were experienced during fiscal 2023. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Our Board of Directors (our Board and executive leadership team believe that our people are vital to our success. The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee (the LDCC of our Board oversees all human capital management policies, programs and strategies, including but not limited to those regarding talent recruitment, development and retention, health and safety, organizational culture, employee engagement, diversity, inclusion and belonging, and compensation and benefits. The LDCC also periodically reviews and reports to the Board with respect to succession planning for our Chief Executive Officer and other senior management positions. In addition, our Chief Human Resources Officer reports to our Board periodically on people-focused programs. 
 
 Employee Engagement 
 For the past decade, we have conducted quarterly workforce surveys to measure employee engagement and gain feedback and insights from our people about ways to improve the employee experience and the effectiveness of our business operations. Detailed findings from these surveys are promptly communicated to all employees, individual work teams, the executive team and our Board and the findings are leveraged to drive positive organizational change. We involve designated employee ambassadors who work with senior leaders to explore findings, identify high value actions and amplify messaging to help our people understand how survey participation can connect to positive change. 
 Examples of organizational changes that have been driven by the insights from these surveys include investments in expanded workforce capacity, targeted recruiting of under-represented groups, broadened and more frequent company-wide communications, expanded employee stock ownership, expanded benefit programs including paid parental leave, well-being, family building, childcare reimbursement and company-funded transportation programs, enhanced incentive plan funding and expanded investments in professional development and culture-based initiatives to promote inclusiveness and belonging. 
 Our engagement scores have steadily strengthened over the past year and nearly all driver scores remain well-above their published external benchmark. 
 
 Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging 
 FICO is committed to building and reinforcing a culture where individual differences and perspectives are valued. We believe that diverse teams can better relate to and deliver against the many and varied needs of our clients. We also believe that promoting a culture where individual differences are both welcomed and valued allows us to attract the best talent while allowing people to reach their full potential. 
 Foundationally, we have adopted a Commitment to Inclusion and Belonging Policy which provides that all employment-related decisions be made in compliance with established equal opportunity statutes. Accordingly, all decisions to employ, transfer, promote, train, compensate or otherwise provide access to benefit programs are to be made in accordance with these statutes. In addition, in the United States we have established an Affirmative Action Program and underlying plans for office locations with 50 or more employees to formally measure, report on and identify needed actions to close any gaps involving the utilization and advancement of women, minorities, disabled persons and veterans. All employees receive mandatory training and testing on this and other foundational and compliance policies during the on-boarding process and every two years thereafter, with people managers receiving training regarding their unique leadership responsibilities. As examples, we have a mandatory training program to identify, prevent and combat prohibited harassment, as well as training and dialogue sessions designed to build understanding of unconscious biases and strategies to overcome them. 
 Building on this foundation, we sponsor and provide dedicated funding to multiple employee resource groups ERGs that help support our goals of workforce engagement and a strong sense of inclusion and belonging. FICO ERGs focus on women, race/ethnicity, LGBTQ+ and community support groups. All FICO ERGs are open to everyone at FICO to join. Our FICO Cares ERG encourages our people to connect with and contribute to their community. We encourage employees to participate in volunteer activities by providing work schedule flexibility and paid Community Volunteer Leave. We also encourage and match employee cash donations to qualified charitable organizations through our Corporate Matching Gift Program. 
 As one strategy to accelerate progress in expanding workforce diversity, we engage in targeted campus recruiting efforts. In the United States, we maintain and continue to expand our partnership with the Management Leadership for Tomorrow (MLT.org) organization, which helps us connect with racially diverse college students for summer internships followed by offers of full-time employment upon graduation. 
 Additional information on our diversity programs and efforts are available on the Corporate Responsibility page of our website at www.fico.com/en/corporate-responsibility . Information contained on our website is not deemed part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Talent Recruitment 
 We leverage organizational culture as a competitive advantage in our efforts to attract talent from the broadest possible pool. We deploy selection practices which ensure strong alignment between candidate qualifications and knowledge and skills needed for success in each role, while avoiding unconscious biases through hiring manager education and use of decision tools. We have adopted a policy that seeks a level of qualified applicant pool diversity be achieved prior to offer extension as a strategy for building workforce diversity along with high quality hires. Further, in the U.S., we detail our targeted base pay ranges on all public job postings and instruct our recruiters that they are prohibited from inquiring about a candidate s current level of compensation. 
 
 Professional Development 
 To support professional development, we offer a structured onboarding program with training specific to a variety of identified career paths to help new employees become rapidly engaged and productive. We have invested in building the FICO Integrated Learning Organization ILO ), which is led by our Chief Learning Officer. The ILO develops customized learning content for colleagues, clients and partners around the world. We deliver high quality, targeted new hire onboarding, technology and product skill training, compliance and management and leadership education through this FICO Learning platform. This allows our employees to obtain the knowledge and skills to effectively perform in their current roles, while also preparing them for new opportunities. We also offer financial support for degreed or certificated programs through a tuition reimbursement program. 
 
 Compensation and Benefit Programs 
 We regularly participate in market-based compensation surveys, seek the advice of outside experts and leverage new hire and unplanned attrition trend data to ensure that our base pay and incentive structures are competitive. We create a strong sense of shared purpose by having our CEO and each member of our executive leadership team participate in the same annual cash incentive bonus plan, as all non-sales employees across our organization. 
 Over the course of the past decade, we ve steadily and significantly expanded participation in our annual performance-based equity program from 7 to nearly 33 of our workforce. In addition, we offer an Employee Stock Purchase Plan for eligible employees, which is designed to promote even broader equity participation. 
 We offer competitive health and welfare benefit plans with significant company subsidies to offset premiums, retirement plans with a competitive company match to encourage participation and flexible paid-time-off programs including vacation, sick time and disability time. We have paid Maternity and Parental Leave benefits totaling up to 12 weeks, and we have adopted a Well-Being Program designed to provide broad-based physical and mental health education and personal health coaching, as well as quarterly cash Wellness Awards designed to help employees fund wellness-related purchases which they find most valuable. We recently implemented a new global Family Building Benefit program, which provides infertility, cryopreservation, surrogacy and adoption support services. In India, we recently implemented a new Childcare Reimbursement program to assist parents of young children. 
 
 Promoting a Healthy and Safe Work Environment 
 We are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace. We continuously strive to meet or exceed compliance with all laws, regulations and accepted practices pertaining to workplace safety. All employees and contractors are required to comply with established safety policies, standards and procedures. 
 We foster a healthy work/life balance for our people via both remote and hybrid work location policies that provide significant flexibility surrounding work location and work schedules. We have also substantially reduced employee travel to only essential business needs in favor of ongoing video-based meetings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Business, Market and Strategy Risks 
 We may not be successful in executing the business strategy for our Software segment, which could cause our growth prospects and results of operations to suffer. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We have increasingly focused our Software segment s business strategy on investing significant development resources to enable substantially all of our software to run on FICO Platform, our modular software offering designed to enable advanced analytics and decisioning use cases. This business strategy is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple connectable and extensible products to clients, as well as to enable the development of custom client solutions and to allow our clients to more easily expand their usage and the use cases they enable over time. The market may be unreceptive to our general business approach, including being unreceptive to our cloud-based offerings, unreceptive to purchasing multiple products from us, or unreceptive to our customized solutions. As we continue to pursue this business strategy, we may experience volatility in our Software segment s revenues and operating results caused by various factors, including the differences in revenue recognition treatment and timing between our cloud-based offerings and on-premises software licenses, the timing of investments and other expenditures necessary to develop and operate our cloud-based offerings, and the adoption of new sales, delivery and distribution methods. If this business strategy is not successful, we may not be able to grow our Software segment s business, growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate, or revenues and profits may decline. 
 If we are unable to develop successful new products or new versions of products, or if we experience defects, failures or delays associated with the introduction of new products or of new versions of products, our business could suffer serious harm. 
 Our growth and the success of our business strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products and new versions of products, including the development and sale of our cloud-based product offerings and our scoring solutions. If we are unable to develop new or enhanced products, or if we are not successful in introducing new or enhanced products, we may not be able to grow our business or growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate. In addition, significant undetected errors or delays in new products or new versions of products may affect market acceptance of our products and could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. In the past, we have experienced delays while developing and introducing new products and product enhancements, primarily due to difficulties developing models, acquiring data, and adapting to particular software operating environments and certain client or other systems. We have also experienced errors or bugs in our software products, despite testing prior to release of the products. Software errors in our products could affect the ability of our products to work with other hardware or software products, could delay the development or release of new products or new versions of products, and could adversely affect market acceptance of our products. Errors or defects in our products that are significant, or are perceived to be significant, could result in rejection of our products, damage to our reputation, loss of revenues, diversion of development resources, an increase in product liability claims, and increases in service and support costs and warranty claims. 
 Our ability to increase our revenues will depend to some extent upon introducing new products and services and upon introducing enhancements and improvements to existing products and services. If the marketplace does not accept these new, enhanced or improved products and services, our revenues may decline. 
 To increase our revenues, we must enhance and improve existing products and services, and continue to introduce new products and services that keep pace with technological developments, satisfy increasingly sophisticated customer requirements and achieve market acceptance. We believe much of the future growth of our business and the success of our business strategy will rest on our ability to continue to expand into newer markets for our products and services. Such areas are relatively new to our product development and sales and marketing personnel. Products and services that we plan to market in the future are in various stages of development. We cannot assure you that the marketplace will accept these products and services. If our current or potential customers are not willing to switch to or adopt our new products and services, either as a result of the quality of these products and services or due to other factors, such as economic conditions, our revenues will decrease. 
 We rely on relatively few customers, as well as our contracts with the three major consumer reporting agencies, for a significant portion of our revenues and profits. Many of our customers are significantly larger than we are and may have greater bargaining power. The businesses of our largest customers depend, in large part, on favorable macroeconomic conditions. If these customers are negatively impacted by weak global economic conditions, global economic volatility or the terms of these relationships otherwise change, our revenues and operating results could decline. 
 Most of our customers are relatively large enterprises, such as banks, credit card issuers, insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers, automotive lenders, consumer reporting agencies, public agencies, and organizations in other industries. As a result, many of our customers and potential customers are significantly larger than we are and may have sufficient bargaining power to demand reduced prices and favorable nonstandard terms. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, the U.S. and other key international economies are experiencing, and have experienced in the past, downturns in which economic activity is impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, increased volatility of interest rates, fluctuating rates of inflation, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. The potential for economic disruption presents considerable risks to our business, including potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions with which we have substantial relationships. In addition, the volume of our Scores sales depends heavily on macroeconomic conditions, including, for example, the volume of transactions in the U.S. mortgage and credit card markets, which account for a significant portion of the revenues in our Scores segment. Economic disruption could result in a decline in the sales of new products to our customers and the volume of transactions that we execute for existing customers. 
 We also derive a substantial portion of our Scores segment revenues and operating income from our contracts with the three major consumer reporting agencies in the U.S., Experian, TransUnion and Equifax, and other parties that distribute our products to certain markets. The loss of or a significant change in a relationship with one of the three consumer reporting agencies with respect to their distribution of our products or with respect to our myFICO offerings, the loss of or a significant change in a relationship with a major customer, the loss of or a significant change in a relationship with a significant third-party distributor (including payment card processors), or the loss of or delay of significant revenues from these sources, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 
 We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of products and services, and if the market does not continue to accept these products and services, our revenues will decline. 
 We expect that revenues derived from our scoring solutions, fraud solutions, customer communication services, customer management solutions and decision management software will continue to account for a substantial portion of our total revenues for the foreseeable future. Our revenues will decline if the market does not continue to accept these products and services. Factors that might affect the market acceptance of these products and services include the following: 
 changes in the business analytics industry; 
 changes in technology; 
 our inability to obtain or use key data for our products; 
 saturation or contraction of market demand; 
 loss of key customers; 
 industry consolidation; 
 failure to successfully adopt cloud-based technologies; 
 our inability to obtain regulatory approvals for our products and services, including credit score models; 
 the increasing availability of free or relatively inexpensive consumer credit, credit score and other information from public or commercial sources; 
 failure to execute our selling approach; and 
 inability to successfully sell our products in new vertical markets. 
 If we fail to keep up with rapidly changing technologies, our products could become less competitive or obsolete. 
 In our markets, technology changes rapidly, and there are continuous improvements in computer hardware, network operating systems, programming tools, programming languages, operating systems, database technologies, cloud-based technologies and the use of the Internet. For example, artificial intelligence technologies and their use are currently undergoing rapid change. If we fail to enhance our current products and develop new products in response to changes in technology or industry standards, or if we fail to bring product enhancements or new product developments to market quickly enough, our products could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to: 
 innovate by internally developing new and competitive technologies; 
 use leading third-party technologies effectively; 
 continue to develop our technical expertise; 
 anticipate and effectively respond to changing customer needs; 
 initiate new product introductions in a way that minimizes the impact of customers delaying purchases of existing products in anticipation of new product releases; and 
 influence and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Our revenues depend, to a great extent, upon conditions in the banking (including consumer credit) industry. If our clients industry experiences uncertainty, it will likely harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 During fiscal 2023, 91 of our revenues were derived from sales of products and services to the banking industry. Periods of global economic uncertainty experienced in the past have produced substantial stress, volatility, illiquidity and disruption of global credit and other financial markets, resulting in the bankruptcy or acquisition of, or government assistance to, several major domestic and international financial institutions. The potential for future stress and disruptions, including in connection with geopolitical tensions, military conflicts, the level of inflation and rising interest rates, presents considerable risks to our businesses and operations. These risks include potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions, many of which are our customers. Such disruption would result in a decline in the revenue we receive from financial and other institutions. In addition, if consumer demand for financial services and products and the number of credit applications decrease, the demand for our products and services could also be materially reduced. These types of disruptions could lead to a decline in the volumes of services we provide our customers and could negatively impact our revenue and results of operations. 
 While the rate of account growth in the U.S. banking industry has been slow, we have generated most of our revenue growth in the banking industry by selling and cross-selling our products and services to large banks and other credit issuers. If the banking industry experiences contraction in the number of participating institutions, we may have fewer opportunities for revenue growth due to reduced or changing demand for our products and services that support customer acquisition programs of our customers. In addition, industry contraction could affect the base of recurring revenues derived from contracts in which we are paid on a per-transaction basis as formerly separate customers combine their operations under one contract. There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent future revenue contraction or effectively promote future revenue growth in our businesses. 
 While we expand our sales into international markets, the risks are greater as these markets are also experiencing substantial disruption and we are less well-known in them. 
 If we are unable to access new markets or develop new sales and distribution channels, our business and growth prospects could suffer. 
 We expect our future growth to depend, in part, on the sale of products and service solutions in industries and markets we do not currently serve. We also expect to grow our business by delivering our solutions through additional sales and distribution channels. If we fail to penetrate these industries and markets to the degree we anticipate, or if we fail to develop additional sales and distribution channels, we may not be able to grow our business, growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate, or our revenues and profits may decline. 
 We are subject to significant competition in the markets in which we operate, and our products and pricing strategies, and those of our competitors, could decrease our product sales and market share. 
 Demand for our products and services may be sensitive to product and pricing changes we implement, and our product and pricing strategies may not be accepted by the market. If our customers fail to accept our product and pricing strategies, our revenues, results of operations and business may suffer. The market for our solutions is intensely competitive and is constantly changing, and we expect competition to persist and intensify. Our regional and global competitors vary in size and in the scope of the products and services they offer, and include: 
 in-house analytic and systems developers; 
 neural network developers and artificial intelligence system builders; 
 fraud solutions providers; 
 scoring model builders; 
 providers of credit reports and credit scores; 
 software companies supplying predictive analytic modeling, rules, or analytic development tools; 
 entity resolution and social network analysis solutions providers; 
 providers of customer engagement and risk management solutions; 
 providers of account workflow management software; 
 business process management and decision rules management providers; 
 enterprise resource planning and customer relationship management solutions providers; 
 business intelligence solutions providers; 
 providers of automated application processing services; and 
 third-party professional services and consulting organizations. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We expect to experience additional competition from other established and emerging companies. This could include customers of ours that develop their own scoring models or other products, and as a result no longer purchase or reduce their purchases from us. We also expect to experience competition from other technologies. For example, certain of our fraud solutions products compete against other methods of preventing payment card fraud, such as cardholder verification and authentication solutions; mobile device payments and associated biometric measures on devices including fingerprint and face matching; and other card authorization and user verification techniques. 
 Many of our existing and anticipated competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing, professional services and other resources than we do, and industry consolidation is creating even larger competitors in many of our markets. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources than we can to develop, promote and sell their products. Many of these companies have extensive customer relationships, including relationships with many of our current and potential customers. For example, Experian, TransUnion and Equifax have formed an alliance that is selling a credit scoring product competitive with our products. Furthermore, new competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share. If we are unable to respond as quickly or effectively to changes in customer requirements as our competition, our ability to expand our business and sell our products will be negatively affected. 
 Our competitors may be able to sell existing or new products competitive to ours at lower prices individually or as part of integrated suites of several related products. This ability may cause our customers to purchase products that directly compete with our products from our competitors, which could decrease our product sales and market share. Price reductions by our competitors could pressure us to reduce our product prices in a manner that negatively impacts our margins and could also harm our ability to obtain new long-term contracts and renewals of existing long-term contracts on favorable terms. 
 We rely on relationships with third parties for marketing, distribution and certain services. If we experience difficulties in these relationships, including competition from these third parties, our future revenues may be adversely affected. 
 Many of our products are sold by distributors or partners, and we intend to continue to market and distribute our products through these existing distributor and partner relationships, as well as invest resources to develop additional sales, distribution and marketing relationships. Our Scores segment relies on, among others, Experian, TransUnion and Equifax. Failure of our existing and future distributors to generate significant revenues or otherwise perform their expected services or functions, demands by such distributors to change the terms on which they offer our products, or our failure to establish additional distribution or sales and marketing alliances, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, certain of our distributors presently compete with us and may compete with us in the future, either by developing competitive products themselves or by distributing competitive offerings. For example, Experian, TransUnion and Equifax have developed a credit scoring product to compete directly with our products and are actively selling that product. Competition from distributors or other sales and marketing partners could significantly harm sales of our products and services. 
 Our revenues, results of operations and overall financial performance may be negatively impacted by health epidemics or other disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Our customers, and therefore our business and revenues, are sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions and lending activities. Health epidemics or disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could impact the rate of spending on our solutions and could adversely affect our customers ability or willingness to purchase our products and services, cause prospective customers to change product selections or term commitments, delay or cancel their purchasing decisions, extend sales cycles, and potentially increase payment defaults, all of which could adversely affect our future revenues, results of operations and overall financial performance. 
 
 If use of the FICO Score by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were to cease or decline, it could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations and stock price. 
 A significant portion of our revenues in our Scores segment is attributable to the U.S. mortgage market, which includes, for mortgages eligible for purchase by The Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac ), a requirement by those enterprises that U.S. lenders provide FICO Scores for each mortgage delivered to them. However, their continued use of the FICO Score is subject to ongoing validation and approval by those enterprises and the Federal Housing Finance Agency. If other credit score models are approved for use with mortgages delivered to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, or the FICO Score is not approved for continued use with those mortgages, it could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations and stock price. 
 We will continue to rely upon proprietary technology rights, and if we are unable to protect them, our business could be harmed. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Our success depends, in part, upon our proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights. To date, we have relied primarily on a combination of copyright, patent, trade secret, and trademark laws, and nondisclosure and other contractual restrictions on copying and distribution, to protect our proprietary technology. This protection of our proprietary technology is limited, and our proprietary technology could be used by others without our consent. In addition, patents may not be issued with respect to our pending or future patent applications, and our patents may not be upheld as valid or may not prevent the development of competitive products. Any disclosure, loss, invalidity of, or failure to protect our intellectual property could negatively impact our competitive position, and ultimately, our business. There can be no assurance that our protection of our intellectual property rights in the U.S. or abroad will be adequate or that others, including our competitors, will not use our proprietary technology without our consent. Furthermore, litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Some of our technologies were developed under research projects conducted under agreements with various U.S. government agencies or subcontractors. Although we have commercial rights to these technologies, the U.S. government typically retains ownership of intellectual property rights and licenses in the technologies developed by us under these contracts, and in some cases can terminate our rights in these technologies if we fail to commercialize them on a timely basis. Under these contracts with the U.S. government, the results of research may be made public by the government, limiting our competitive advantage with respect to future products based on our research. 
 Our reengineering efforts may cause our growth prospects and profitability to suffer. 
 As part of our management approach, we pursue ongoing reengineering efforts designed to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions. Our reengineering efforts may not be successful over the long term should we fail to reduce expenses or increase revenues to anticipated levels or at all. If our reengineering efforts are not successful over the long term, our revenues, results of operations and business may suffer. 
 There can be no assurance that strategic divestitures will provide business benefits. 
 As part of our strategy, we continuously evaluate our portfolio of businesses. As a result of these reviews, we have made decisions to divest certain products and lines of business, and we may do so again in the future. These divestitures involve risks, including: 
 disruption of our operations or businesses; 
 reductions of our revenues or earnings per share; 
 difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel; 
 failure to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to a purchaser; 
 divestiture terms that contain potential future purchase price adjustments or require that assets or liabilities be divested, managed or run off separately; 
 diversion of management's attention from our other businesses; 
 the potential loss of key personnel; 
 adverse effects on relationships with our customers, suppliers or their businesses; 
 the erosion of employee morale or customer confidence; and 
 the retention of contingent liabilities and the possibility that we will become subject to third-party claims related to the divested business. 
 If we do not successfully manage the risks associated with divestitures, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected as the potential strategic benefits may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected. 
 Our acquisition activities may disrupt our ongoing business and may involve increased expenses, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals contemplated at the time of a transaction. 
 We have acquired, and may in the future acquire, companies, businesses, products, services and technologies. Acquisitions involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: 
 our ongoing business may be disrupted and our management s attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition or integration activities; 
 an acquisition may not further our business strategy as we expected, we may not integrate acquired operations or technology as successfully as we expected or we may overpay for our investments, or otherwise not realize the expected return, which could adversely affect our business or operating results; 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 we may be unable to retain the key employees, customers and other business partners of the acquired operation; 
 we may have difficulties entering new markets where we have no or limited direct prior experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions; 
 our operating results or financial condition may be adversely impacted by known or unknown claims or liabilities we assume in an acquisition or that are imposed on us as a result of an acquisition, including claims by government agencies or authorities, terminated employees, current or former customers, former stockholders or other third parties; 
 we could incur material charges in connection with the impairment of goodwill or other assets that we acquire; 
 a company that we acquire may have experienced a security incident that it has yet to discover, investigate and remediate which we might not be identify in a timely manner and which could spread more broadly to other parts of our company during the integration effort; 
 we may incur material charges as a result of acquisition costs, costs incurred in combining and/or operating the acquired business, or liabilities assumed in the acquisition that are greater than anticipated; 
 we may not realize the anticipated increase in our revenues from an acquisition for a number of reasons, including if a larger than predicted number of customers decline to renew their contracts, if we are unable to incorporate the acquired technologies or products with our existing product lines in a uniform manner, if we are unable to sell the acquired products to our customer base or if contract models of an acquired company or changes in accounting treatment do not allow us to recognize revenues on a timely basis; 
 our use of cash to pay for acquisitions may limit other potential uses of our cash, including stock repurchases, and retirement of outstanding indebtedness; and 
 to the extent we issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease. 
 Because acquisitions are inherently risky, our transactions may not be successful and may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Acquisitions of businesses having a significant presence outside the U.S. will increase our exposure to the risks of conducting operations in international markets. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 If our cybersecurity measures are compromised or unauthorized access to customer or consumer data is otherwise obtained, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or cease their use of our products and services, our reputation may be damaged and we could incur significant liabilities. 
 Because our business requires the storage, transmission and utilization of sensitive consumer and customer information, we will continue to routinely be the target of attempted cybersecurity and other security threats by technically sophisticated and well-resourced outside third parties, among others, attempting to access or steal the data we store. Many of our products are provided by us through the Internet. We may be exposed to additional cybersecurity threats as we migrate our software solutions and data from our legacy systems to cloud-based solutions. We operate in an environment of significant risk of cybersecurity incidents resulting from unintentional events or deliberate attacks by third parties or insiders, which may involve exploiting highly obscure security vulnerabilities or sophisticated attack methods. These threats include phishing attacks on our email systems and other cyber-attacks, including state-sponsored cyber-attacks, industrial espionage, insider threats, denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses, ransomware and other malware, payment fraud or other cyber incidents. As a software and technology vendor, we may incorporate or distribute software or other materials from third parties. Attacks or other threats to our supply chain for such software and materials may render us unable to provide assurances of the origin of such software and materials, and could put us at risk of distributing software or other materials that may cause harm to ourselves, our customers or other third parties. In addition, increased attention on and use of artificial intelligence increases the risk of cyber-attacks and data breaches, which can occur more quickly and evolve more rapidly when artificial intelligence is used. Further, use of artificial intelligence by our employees, whether authorized or unauthorized, increases the risk that our intellectual property and other proprietary information will be unintentionally disclosed. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Cybersecurity breaches could expose us to a risk of loss, the unauthorized disclosure of consumer or customer information, significant litigation, regulatory fines, penalties, loss of customers or reputational damage, indemnity obligations and other liability. If our cybersecurity measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to our systems or to consumer or customer information, sensitive data may be accessed, stolen, disclosed or lost, our reputation may be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, or even for some time after, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, implement adequate preventative measures or remediate any intrusion on a timely or effective basis. Because a successful breach of our computer systems, software, networks or other technology asset could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected, we may not be able to immediately address the consequences of a cybersecurity incident. 
 Malicious third parties may also conduct attacks designed to temporarily deny customers, distributors and vendors access to our systems and services. Cybersecurity breaches experienced by our vendors, by our distributors, by our customers, by companies that we acquire, or by us may trigger governmental notice requirements and public disclosures, which may lead to widespread negative publicity. We may also be affected by cybersecurity breaches experienced by customers who use our products on-premises, and those breaches may occur due to factors not under our control, including a customer s failure to timely install updates and fixes to our products, vulnerabilities in a customer s own cybersecurity measures, and other factors. Any cybersecurity breach, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to curtail or cease their use of our products and services, cause regulatory or industry changes that impact our products and services, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 If we experience business interruptions or failure of our information technology and communication systems, the availability of our products and services could be interrupted which could adversely affect our reputation, business and financial condition. 
 Our ability to provide reliable products and services to our customers depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our data centers, information technology and communication systems, and increasingly those of our external service providers. Any disruption of or interference with our use of data centers, information technology or communication systems of our external service providers would adversely affect our operations and our business. As we continue to grow our Software segment s business, our dependency on the continuing operation and availability of these systems increases. Our systems and data centers, and those of our external service providers, could be exposed to damage or interruption. These interruptions can include software or hardware malfunctions, communication failures, outages or other failures of third-party environments or service providers, fires, floods, earthquakes, pandemics, war, terrorist acts or civil unrest, power losses, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, computer viruses, denial-of-service or other cybersecurity attacks, employee or insider malfeasance, human error and other events beyond our control. Any steps that we or our external service providers have taken to prevent or reduce disruption may not be sufficient to prevent an interruption of services and disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. 
 An operational failure or outage in any of these systems, or damage to or destruction of these systems, which causes disruptions in our services, could result in loss of customers, damage to customer relationships, reduced revenues and profits, refunds of customer charges and damage to our brand and reputation and may require us to incur substantial additional expense to repair or replace damaged equipment and recover data loss caused by the interruption. Any one or more of the foregoing occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 The failure to recruit and retain qualified personnel could hinder our ability to successfully manage our business. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Our business strategy and our future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain experienced sales, consulting, research and development, marketing, technical support and management personnel. The labor market for these individuals, particularly in the complex technical disciplines of software engineering, data science, and cyber security, is very competitive due to the limited number of people available with the necessary technical skills and understanding to support our complex products and it may become more competitive with general market and economic improvement. We cannot be certain that our compensation strategies will be perceived as competitive by current or prospective employees. This and other competitive factors could impair our ability to recruit and retain personnel. We have experienced past difficulty in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, especially in these intensely competitive technical skill areas, and we may experience future difficulty in recruiting and retaining such personnel, at a time when we may need additional staff to support expanded research and development efforts, new customers and/or increased customer needs. We may also recruit skilled technical professionals from other countries to work in the U.S., and from the U.S. and other countries to work abroad. Limitations imposed by immigration laws in the U.S. and abroad and the availability of visas in the countries where we do business could hinder our ability to attract necessary qualified personnel and harm our business and future operating results. There is a risk that even if we invest significant resources in attempting to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, we will not succeed in our efforts, and our business could be harmed. The failure of the value of our stock to appreciate may adversely affect our ability to use equity and equity-based incentive plans to attract and retain personnel, and may require us to use alternative forms of compensation for this purpose. 
 The working arrangements for our employees differ from the arrangements before the pandemic. For example, we have implemented a Remote Work Policy and a Hybrid Work Location Policy, which are applicable depending on the location and position of the employee. Should productivity decline or our employees ability to collaborate fall as a result of our Remote Work Policy, or if employees are unsatisfied with our Hybrid Work Location Policy and leave our company, our business could suffer. 
 
 The failure to obtain certain forms of model construction data from our customers or others could harm our business. 
 Our business requires that we develop or obtain a reliable source of sufficient amounts of current and statistically relevant data to analyze transactions and update some of our products. In most cases, these data must be periodically updated and refreshed to enable our products to continue to work effectively in a changing environment. We do not own or control much of the data that we require, most of which is collected privately and maintained in proprietary databases. Customers and key business partners provide us with the data we require to analyze transactions, report results and build new models. Our business strategy depends in part upon our ability to access new forms of data to develop custom and proprietary analytic tools. If we fail to maintain sufficient data sourcing relationships with our customers and business partners, or if they decline to provide such data due to privacy, security, competitive concerns, regulatory concerns, or prohibitions or a lack of permission from their customers or partners, we could lose access to required data and our products. If this were to happen, our development of new products might become less effective. We could also become subject to increased legislative, regulatory or judicial restrictions or mandates on the collection, disclosure, transfer or use of such data, in particular if such data is not collected by our providers in a way that allows us to legally use the data. Third parties have asserted copyright and other intellectual property interests in these data, and these assertions, if successful, could prevent us from using these data. We may not be successful in maintaining our relationships with these external data source providers or in continuing to obtain data from them on acceptable terms or at all. Any interruption of our supply of data could seriously harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 Laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad that apply to us and/or to our customers may expose us to liability, cause us to incur significant expense, affect our ability to compete in certain markets, limit the profitability of or demand for our products, or render our products obsolete. If these laws and regulations require us to change our products and services, it could adversely affect our business and results of operations. New legislation or regulations, or changes to existing laws and regulations, may also negatively impact our business and increase our costs of doing business. 
 Laws and governmental regulation affect how our business is conducted and, in some cases, subject us to the possibility of government supervision and future lawsuits arising from our products and services. Laws and governmental regulations also influence our current and prospective customers activities, as well as their expectations and needs in relation to our products and services. Laws and regulations that may affect our business and/or our current and prospective customers activities include, but are not limited to, those in the following significant regulatory areas: 
 Privacy and security laws and regulations that limit the use and disclosure, require security procedures, or otherwise apply to the collection, processing, storage, use and transfer of personal data of individuals (e.g., the U.S. Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999, also known as the Gramm Leach Bliley Act; identity theft, file freezing, security breach notification and similar state privacy laws; and the data protection laws of other countries such as the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR in the European Union E.U. and the United Kingdom U.K. )); 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Laws and regulations relating to the privacy, security and transmission of protected health information of individuals, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 HIPAA and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH and their respective implementing regulations; 
 Financial regulatory reform stemming from the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and the many regulations mandated by that Act, including regulations issued by, and the supervisory and investigative authority of, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB with respect to enumerated federal consumer financial laws and unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices UDAAP 
 The application or extension of consumer protection laws, including implementing regulations (e.g., the Consumer Financial Protection Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Truth In Lending Act and Regulation Z, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and Regulation F, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, the Military Lending Act, and the Credit Repair Organizations Act, and similar state consumer protection laws); 
 Use of data by creditors and consumer reporting agencies (e.g., the U.S. Fair Credit Reporting Act and similar state laws); 
 Special requirements that may apply when we provide products or services directly or indirectly to U.S. federal, state and local government agencies (e.g., the Privacy Act of 1974, the Internal Revenue Service s Publication 4812, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation); 
 Laws and regulations that limit the use of credit scoring models (e.g., state mortgage trigger or inquiries laws, state insurance restrictions on the use of credit-based insurance scores, and the E.U. Consumer Credit Directive); 
 Fair lending laws (e.g., the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B, and the Fair Housing Act) and laws and regulations that may impose requirements relating to algorithmic fairness or accountability; 
 The Cybersecurity Act of 2015; the U.S. Department of Commerce s National Institute of Standards and Technology s Cybersecurity Framework; the Clarifying Lawful Overseas Use of Data Act; cyber incident notice requirements for banks and their service providers under rules and regulations issued by federal banking regulators; cybersecurity incident disclosure requirements for public companies under regulations issued by the SEC; and identity theft, file freezing, and similar state privacy laws; 
 Laws and regulations related to extension of credit to consumers through the Electronic Fund Transfers Act and Regulation E, as well as non governmental VISA and MasterCard electronic payment standards; 
 Laws and regulations applicable to secondary market participants (e.g., Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac) that could have an impact on our scoring products and revenues, including 12 CFR Part 1254 (Validation and Approval of Credit Score Models) issued by the Federal Housing Finance Agency in accordance with Section 310 of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 115-174), and any regulations, standards or criteria established pursuant to such laws or regulations, including the ongoing validation and approval of the use of the FICO Score by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the Federal Housing Finance Agency; 
 Laws and regulations applicable to our customer communication clients and their use of our products and services (e.g., the Telemarketing Sales Rule, Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the CAN-SPAM Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, and regulations promulgated thereunder, and similar state laws and similar laws in other countries); 
 Laws and regulations applicable to our insurance clients and their use of our insurance products and services; 
 Laws and regulations governing the use of the Internet and social media, telemarketing, advertising, endorsements and testimonials; 
 Anti-money laundering laws and regulations (e.g., the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA PATRIOT Act); 
 Laws and regulations restricting transactions with sanctioned parties and regarding export controls as they apply to FICO products delivered in non-U.S. countries or to foreign nationals (e.g., Office of Foreign Asset Control sanctions and Export Administration Regulations); 
 Anti-bribery and corruption laws and regulations (e.g., the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act 2010); 
 Financial regulatory standards (e.g., Sarbanes-Oxley Act requirements to maintain and verify internal process controls, including controls for material event awareness and notification); and 
 Laws and regulations that apply to outsourcing of services by our clients, and that set forth requirements for managing third parties (e.g., vendors, contractors, suppliers and distributors). 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Many U.S. and foreign jurisdictions have passed, or are currently contemplating, a variety of consumer protection, data privacy, and cyber and data security laws and regulations that may relate to our business or the business of our customers or affect the demand for our products and services. For example, the GDPR in the E.U. and the U.K. imposes strict obligations and restrictions on the collection and use of E.U. and U.K. personal data, and also on the transfer of such data to countries that have not been determined by the E.U. or the U.K. to provide adequate data privacy protections, unless there are additional approved transfer safeguards in place (such as the use of standard contractual clauses and the performance of appropriate data transfer impact assessments). Our implementation of processes to meet such requirements for affected data flows may involve additional compliance costs associated with maintaining appropriate regulatory certifications, performing any necessary assessments, engaging in contract negotiations with third parties and implementing approved standard contractual clauses, and/or (if appropriate) localizing certain data processing activities. Furthermore, such data transfer restrictions, which may involve interpretive issues, may have an adverse impact on cross-border transfers of personal data and may subject us and our customers to additional scrutiny from E.U. or U.K. data protection authorities. 
 Brazil, India, South Africa, Japan, China, Israel, Canada, and numerous other countries have introduced and, in some cases, enacted, similar data privacy and cyber and data security laws. 
 The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA gives California residents certain privacy rights in the collection and disclosure of their personal information and requires businesses to make certain disclosures and take certain other acts in furtherance of those rights. Additionally, effective January 1, 2023, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA revised and significantly expanded the scope of the CCPA. The CPRA also created a new agency, the California Privacy Protection Agency, authorized to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA, which could result in increased privacy and information security regulatory actions. Other U.S. states have considered and/or enacted similar privacy laws. For example, Virginia, Utah, Connecticut, and Colorado have passed consumer privacy laws with effective dates in 2023, and Indiana, Iowa, Montana, Oregon, Tennessee, and Texas have passed consumer privacy laws that will become effective in 2024, 2025, or 2026. 
 In addition, there has been an increased focus on laws and regulations related to our business and the business of our customers, including by the current U.S. presidential administration, the U.S. Congress, and U.S. regulators, including the CFPB, relating to policy concerns with regard to the operation of consumer reporting agencies, the use and accuracy of credit and alternative data, the use of credit scores and fair lending, and the use, transparency, and fairness of algorithms, artificial intelligence, and machine learning in business processes. 
 The European Commission has also released draft proposed regulations (i.e., the EU AI Act) that would establish requirements for the provision and use of products that leverage artificial intelligence, machine learning, and similar analytic and statistical modeling technologies, including credit scoring. The final version of EU AI Act is expected to be published by the end of 2023 and is expected to become effective in 2026. 
 The costs and other burdens of compliance with such laws and regulations could negatively impact the use and adoption of our solutions and reduce overall demand for them. Additionally, concerns regarding data privacy and cyber and data security may cause our customers, or their customers and potential customers, to resist providing the data necessary to allow us to deliver our solutions effectively. Even the perception that the privacy of personal information is not satisfactorily protected or does not meet regulatory requirements could inhibit sales of our solutions and any failure to comply with such laws and regulations could lead to significant fines, penalties or other liabilities. Any such decrease in demand or incurred fines, penalties or other liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 In addition to existing laws and regulations, changes in the U.S. or foreign legislative, judicial, regulatory or consumer environments could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. The laws and regulations above, and changes to them or their interpretation by the courts, could affect the demand for or profitability of our products, including scoring and consumer products. New laws and regulations pertaining to our customers could cause them to pursue new strategies, reducing the demand for our products. We expect there will continue to be an increased focus on laws and regulations related to our business and/or the business of our clients, including with regard to the operation of consumer reporting agencies, the collection, use, accuracy, correction and sharing of personal information, credit scoring, the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning, and algorithmic accountability and fair lending. 
 
 If we are subject to infringement claims, it could harm our business. 
 Products in the industry segments in which we compete, including software products, are often subject to claims of patent and other intellectual property infringement, and such claims could increase as the number of products and competitors in our industry segments grow. We may need to defend claims that our products infringe intellectual property rights, and as a result we may: 
 incur significant defense costs or substantial damages; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 be required to cease the use or sale of infringing products; 
 expend significant resources to develop or license a substitute non-infringing technology; 
 discontinue the use of some technology; or 
 be required to obtain a license under the intellectual property rights of the third-party claiming infringement, which license may not be available or might require substantial royalties or license fees that would reduce our margins. 
 Moreover, in recent years, individuals and groups that are non-practicing entities, commonly referred to as patent trolls, have purchased patents and other intellectual property assets for the purpose of making claims of infringement in order to extract settlements. From time to time, we may receive threatening letters or notices or may be the subject of claims that our solutions and underlying technology infringe or violate the intellectual property rights of others. Responding to such claims, regardless of their merit, can be time consuming, costly to defend in litigation, divert management's attention and resources, damage our reputation and brand, and cause us to incur significant expenses. 
 Global Operational Risks 
 Material adverse developments in global economic conditions, or the occurrence of certain other world events, could affect demand for our products and services and harm our business. 
 Purchases of technology products and services and decisioning solutions are subject to adverse economic conditions. When an economy is struggling, companies in many industries delay or reduce technology purchases, and we experience softened demand for our decisioning solutions and other products and services. Global economic uncertainty has produced, and continues to produce, substantial stress, volatility, illiquidity and disruption of global credit and other financial markets. Various factors contribute to the uncertain economic environment, including geopolitical tensions, military conflicts, the level and volatility of interest rates, the level of inflation, the continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, an actual recession or fears of a recession, trade policies and tariffs, and political and governmental instability. 
 Economic uncertainty has and could continue to negatively affect the businesses and purchasing decisions of companies in the industries we serve. Such disruptions present considerable risks to our businesses and operations. As global economic conditions experience stress and negative volatility, or if there is an escalation in regional or global conflicts, or terrorism, we will likely experience reductions in the number of available customers and in capital expenditures by our remaining customers, longer sales cycles, deferral or delay of purchase commitments for our products and increased price competition, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and liquidity. 
 As a result of these conditions, risks and uncertainties, we may need to modify our strategies, businesses or operations, and we may incur additional costs in order to compete in a changed business environment. Given the volatile nature of the global economic environment and the uncertainties underlying efforts to stabilize it, we may not timely anticipate or manage existing, new or additional risks, as well as contingencies or developments, which may include regulatory developments and trends in new products and services. Our failure to do so could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 In operations outside the U.S., we are subject to additional risks that may harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 A large portion of our revenues is derived from international sales. During fiscal 2023, 27 of our revenues were derived from business outside the U.S. As part of our growth strategy, we plan to continue to pursue opportunities outside the U.S., including opportunities in countries with economic systems that are in early stages of development and that may not mature sufficiently to result in growth for our business. Accordingly, our future operating results could be negatively affected by a variety of factors arising out of international commerce, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 
 general economic and political conditions in countries where we sell our products and services; 
 difficulty in staffing and efficiently managing our operations in multiple geographic locations and in various countries; 
 effects of a variety of foreign laws and regulations, including restrictions on access to personal information; 
 data privacy and consumer protection laws and regulations; 
 import and export licensing requirements; 
 longer payment cycles; 
 difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable; 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights; 
 currency fluctuations; 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 unfavorable tax rules or changes in tariffs and other trade barriers; 
 the presence and acceptance of varying levels of business corruption in international markets; 
 geopolitical tensions, instability, terrorism, and military conflicts; 
 natural disasters and pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and individual countries reactions to them; and 
 difficulties and delays in translating products and related documentation into foreign languages. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully address each of these challenges. Additionally, some of our business is and will be conducted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Substantial movements in foreign exchange rates relative to the dollar could adversely impact our cash flows, results of operations and financial position. 
 In addition to the risk of depending on international sales, we have risks incurred in having research and development personnel located in various international locations. We currently have a substantial portion of our product development staff in international locations, some of which have political and developmental risks. If such risks materialize, our business could be damaged. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 Our products have long and variable sales cycles. If we do not accurately predict these cycles, we may not forecast our financial results accurately, and our stock price could be adversely affected. 
 In our Software segment, the length of our sales cycles makes it difficult for us to predict the quarter in which sales will occur. In addition, our selling approach is complex as we look to sell multiple products and services across our customers organizations. This makes forecasting of revenues in any given period more difficult. For example, the sales cycle of our products can extend to greater than a year and as a result, revenues and operating results may vary significantly from period to period. Customers are often cautious in making decisions to acquire our products because purchasing our products typically involves a significant commitment of capital and may involve shifts by the customer to a new software and/or hardware platform or changes in the customer s operational procedures. This may cause customers, particularly those experiencing financial stress, to make purchasing decisions more cautiously. Delays in completing sales can arise while customers complete their internal procedures to approve large capital expenditures and test and accept our applications. Consequently, we face difficulty predicting the quarter in which sales to expected customers will occur and experience fluctuations in our revenues and operating results. 
 In our Scores segment, a majority of our revenues come from the sale of our Scores through partners. We have limited visibility on those sales until we receive royalty reports from those partners at the end of each billing period. Furthermore, the volume of our Scores sales depends heavily on macroeconomic conditions that are hard to forecast, including, for example, the volume of transactions in the U.S. mortgage and credit card markets, which account for a significant portion of the revenues in our Scores segment. 
 If we are unable to accurately forecast our revenues, our ability to plan, budget or provide accurate guidance could be limited, and our stock price could be adversely affected. 
 Our financial results and key metrics fluctuate within each quarter and from quarter to quarter, making our future revenue, annual recurring revenue ARR ), and financial results difficult to predict, which may cause us to miss analyst expectations and may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Our quarterly financial results and key metrics have fluctuated in the past and will continue to do so in the future, and therefore period-to-period comparisons should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to change significantly or experience declines. We also may provide investors with quarterly and annual financial forward-looking guidance that could prove to be inaccurate as a result of these fluctuations and other factors. In addition to the other risks described in these risk factors, some of the factors that could cause our financial results and key metrics to fluctuate include: 
 variability in demand from our existing customers; 
 the lengthy and variable sales cycle of many products, combined with the relatively large size of orders for our products, increases the likelihood of short-term fluctuation in revenues; 
 consumer or customer dissatisfaction with, or problems caused by, the performance of our products; 
 the timing of new product announcements and introductions in comparison with our competitors; 
 the level of our operating expenses; 
 changes in demand and competitive and other conditions in the consumer credit, banking and insurance industries; 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 the level and volatility of interest rates and the level of inflation; 
 fluctuations in domestic and international economic conditions; 
 our ability to complete large installations, and to adopt and configure cloud-based deployments, on schedule and within budget; 
 announcements relating to litigation or regulatory matters; 
 changes in senior management or key personnel; 
 acquisition-related expenses and charges; and 
 timing of orders for and deliveries of software systems. 
 Our operating expenses are based in part on our expectations for future revenue and many are fixed and cannot be quickly adjusted as revenue changes. Accordingly, any revenue shortfall below expectations has had, and in the future could have, an immediate and significant adverse effect on our operating results and profitability. Greater than anticipated expenses or a failure to maintain rigorous cost controls would also negatively affect profitability. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our stock price has been subject to fluctuations, and will likely continue to be subject to fluctuations, or may decline, regardless of our operating performance. 
 Our stock price has been subject to fluctuations due to a number of factors, including variations in our revenues and operating results. The financial markets have at various times experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the stock prices of many technology companies and financial services companies, and these fluctuations sometimes have been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market fluctuations, as well as industry-specific and general economic conditions, may negatively affect our business and require us to record an impairment charge related to goodwill, which could adversely affect our results of operations, stock price and business. 
 Our anti-takeover defenses could make it difficult for another company to acquire control of FICO, thereby limiting the demand for our securities by certain types of purchasers or the price investors are willing to pay for our stock. 
 Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving us difficult, even if such events would be beneficial to the interests of our stockholders. These provisions include giving our board the ability to issue preferred stock and determine the rights and designations of the preferred stock at any time without stockholder approval. The rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third-party to acquire, or discouraging a third-party from acquiring, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. These factors and certain provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or otherwise delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in our management, including transactions in which our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium over the fair market value of our common stock. 
 If we experience changes in tax laws or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns, it could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We are subject to federal and state income taxes in the U.S. and in certain foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws, by our ability to generate taxable income in foreign jurisdictions in order to utilize foreign tax losses, and by the valuation of our deferred tax assets. In addition, we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from such examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from such examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 The Company s headquarters are located in Bozeman, Montana. As of September 30, 2023, the Company leased office facilities in geographically dispersed locations primarily for corporate functions, sales, research and development, data centers and other purposes. The Company believes its existing facilities, which are used by both reportable segments, are in good operating condition and are suitable to meet operating needs. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol: FICO. According to records of our transfer agent, at October 27, 2023, we had 254 stockholders of record of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since May 2017, and we do not presently plan to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, outstanding indebtedness, plans for expansion and restrictions imposed by our debt arrangements, if any. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Not applicable. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Period Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased 
 as Part of 
 Publicly 
 Announced 
 Plans or 
 Programs (2) 
 Maximum Dollar 
 Value of Shares 
 that May Yet Be 
 Purchased Under 
 the Plans or 
 Programs (2) 
 July 1, 2023 through July 31, 2023 48,412 821.21 47,500 197,895,136 August 1, 2023 through August 31, 2023 52,563 864.13 52,000 152,950,805 September 1, 2023 through September 30, 2023 36,000 900.13 36,000 120,546,951 136,975 858.42 135,500 120,546,951 
 
 (1) Includes 1,475 shares delivered in satisfaction of the tax withholding obligations resulting from the vesting of restricted stock units held by employees during the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 (2) In October 2022, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program replacing our previously authorized program. This program is open-ended and authorizes repurchases of shares of our common stock up to an aggregate cost of 500.0 million in the open market or in negotiated transactions. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows the total stockholder return of an investment of 100 in cash on September 30, 2018, in (a) the Company s common stock, (b) the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index and (c) the Standard Poor s 500 Application Software Index, in each case with reinvestment of dividends. Our past performance may not be indicative of future performance. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A includes the following: a business overview that provides a high-level summary of our strategies and initiatives, highlights from fiscal year 2023 and key performance metrics for our Software segment; a more detailed analysis of our results of operations; our capital resources and liquidity, which discusses key aspects of our statements of cash flows, changes in our balance sheets and our financial commitments; and a summary of our critical accounting estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty. Our MD A should be read in conjunction with Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those referred to herein due to a number of factors, including but not limited to risks described in Item 1A, Risk Factors , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our MD A focuses on discussion of year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. Discussion of fiscal 2021 results and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 Strategies and Initiatives 
 In fiscal 2023, our B2B scoring solutions, including the flagship FICO Score, continued to be the standard measure of consumer credit risk in the U.S. We continued to promote adoption of our most predictive scores, FICO Score 10 and 10 T. Internationally, we launched FICO Score 10 in Canada, FICO Score 6 in South Africa, and FICO Score 4 and FICO Extended Score 4 in Mexico, further expanding our financial inclusion initiatives. We also remained committed to expanding usage of the FICO Resilience Index, a complement to FICO Scores that identifies consumers who are more resilient to economic stress relative to other consumers within the same FICO Score bands. We continued to develop scores that use alternative data to enhance conventional credit bureau data and generate scores for otherwise un-scorable consumers. 
 During fiscal 2023, we continued to advance and drive growth through our platform-first, cloud delivered strategy in our Software segment. This strategic focus has led us to exit non-strategic products and services in the past few years, allowing us to dedicate our resources to expanding the capabilities and market penetration of FICO Platform. We also continued our transition from private data centers to external service providers to host our technology infrastructure. 
 We also continued to enhance stockholder value by returning cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase programs. During fiscal 2023, we repurchased 0.6 million shares at a total repurchase price of 407.3 million. 
 Highlights from Fiscal 2023 
 Total revenue was 1.5 billion during fiscal 2023, a 10 increase from fiscal 2022. 
 Annual Recurring Revenue for our Software segment as of September 30, 2023 was 669.4 million, a 22 increase from September 30, 2022. 
 Dollar-Based Net Retention Rate for our Software segment during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 was 120 . 
 Operating income was 642.8 million during fiscal 2023, a 19 increase from fiscal 2022. 
 Net income was 429.4 million during fiscal 2023, a 15 increase from fiscal 2022. 
 Diluted EPS was 16.93 during fiscal 2023, a 19 increase from fiscal 2022. 
 Cash flow from operating activities was 468.9 million during fiscal 2023, compared with 509.5 million during fiscal 2022. 
 Cash and cash equivalents were 136.8 million as of September 30, 2023, compared with 133.2 million as of September 30, 2022. 
 Total debt balance was 1.9 billion as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022. 
 Total share repurchases during fiscal 2023 were 407.3 million, compared with 1.1 billion during fiscal 2022. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Key performance metrics for Software segment 
 Annual Contract Value Bookings ACV Bookings 
 Management regards ACV Bookings as an important indicator of future revenues, but they are not comparable to, nor are they a substitute for, an analysis of our revenues and other U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP measures. We define ACV Bookings as the average annualized value of software contracts signed in the current reporting period that generate current and future on-premises and SaaS software revenue. We only include contracts with an initial term of at least 24 months and we exclude perpetual licenses and other software revenues that are non-recurring in nature. For renewals of existing software subscription contracts, we count only incremental annual revenue expected over the current contract as ACV Bookings. 
 ACV Bookings is calculated by dividing the total expected contract value by the contract term in years. The expected contract value equals the fixed amount including guaranteed minimums, if any stated in the contract, plus estimates of future usage-based fees. We develop estimates from discussions with our customers and examinations of historical data from similar products and customer arrangements. Differences between estimates and actual results occur due to variability in the estimated usage. This variability can be the result of the economic trends in our customers industries; individual performance of our customers relative to their competitors; and regulatory and other factors that affect the business environment in which our customers operate. 
 We disclose estimated revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to remaining performance obligations in Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. However, we believe ACV Bookings is a more meaningful measure of our business as it includes estimated revenues and future billings excluded from Note 11, such as usage-based fees and guaranteed minimums derived from our on-premises software licenses, among others. 
 The following table summarizes our ACV Bookings during the periods indicated: 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2023 2022 (In millions) Total on-premises and SaaS software 
 28.0 29.2 93.9 84.5 
 
 ) During fiscal 2023, we sold certain assets related to our Siron compliance business. The amounts above exclude this product line for all periods presented. 
 Annual Recurring Revenue ARR 
 Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contacts with Customers, requires us to recognize a significant portion of revenue from our on-premises software subscriptions at the point in time when the software is first made available to the customer, or at the beginning of the subscription term, despite the fact that our contracts typically call for billing these amounts ratably over the life of the subscription. The remaining portion of our on-premises software subscription revenue including maintenance and usage-based fees are recognized over the life of the contract. This point-in-time recognition of a portion of our on-premises software subscription revenue creates significant variability in the revenue recognized period to period based on the timing of the subscription start date and the subscription term. Furthermore, this point-in-time revenue recognition can create a significant difference between the timing of our revenue recognition and the actual customer billing under the contract. We use ARR to measure the underlying performance of our subscription-based contracts and mitigate the impact of this variability. ARR is defined as the annualized revenue run-rate of on-premises and SaaS software agreements within a quarterly reporting period, and as such, is different from the timing and amount of revenue recognized. All components of our software licensing and subscription arrangements that are not expected to recur (primarily perpetual licenses) are excluded. We calculate ARR as the quarterly recurring revenue run-rate multiplied by four. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our ARR for on-premises and SaaS software at each of the dates presented: 
 December 31, 2021 March 31, 2022 June 30, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 March 31, 2023 June 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 ARR 
 (In millions) Platform 
 90.9 95.4 107.2 113.1 132.8 152.5 164.1 173.2 Non-Platform 433.4 430.6 432.3 437.0 450.1 461.0 481.8 496.2 Total 524.3 526.0 539.5 550.1 582.9 613.5 645.9 669.4 Percentage Platform 17 18 20 21 23 25 25 26 Non-Platform 83 82 80 79 77 75 75 74 Total 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 YoY Change Platform 71 64 62 54 46 60 53 53 Non-Platform 3 3 2 2 4 7 11 14 Total 11 10 10 10 11 17 20 22 
 
 ) During fiscal 2023, we sold certain assets related to our Siron compliance business. The amounts and percentages above exclude this product line at all dates presented. 
 FICO platform software is a set of interoperable capabilities which use software assets owned and/or governed by FICO for building solutions and services which conform to FICO architectural standards based on key elements of Cloud Native Computing design principles. These standards encompass shared security context and access using FICO standard application programming interfaces. 
 
 Dollar-Based Net Retention Rate DBNRR 
 We consider DBNRR to be an important measure of our success in retaining and growing revenue from our existing customers. To calculate DBNRR for any period, we compare the ARR at the end of the prior comparable quarter base ARR to the ARR from that same cohort of customers at the end of the current quarter retained ARR we then divide the retained ARR by the base ARR to arrive at the DBNRR. Our calculation includes the positive impact among this cohort of customers of selling additional products, price increases and increases in usage-based fees, and the negative impact of customer attrition, price decreases, and decreases in usage-based fees during the period. However, the calculation does not include the positive impact from sales to any new customers acquired during the period. Our DBNRR may increase or decrease from period to period as a result of various factors, including the timing of new sales and customer renewal rates. 
 The following table summarizes our DBNRR for on-premises and SaaS software for each of the periods presented: 
 Quarter Ended December 31, 2021 March 31, 2022 June 30, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 March 31, 2023 June 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 DBNRR 
 Platform 146 144 137 129 130 146 142 145 Non-Platform 102 102 101 101 103 105 109 111 Total 109 109 109 109 110 114 117 120 
 
 ) During fiscal 2023, we sold certain assets related to our Siron compliance business. The percentages above exclude this product line for all periods presented. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 We are organized into two reportable segments: Scores and Software. Although we sell solutions and services into a large number of end user product and industry markets, our reportable business segments reflect the primary method in which management organizes and evaluates internal financial information to make operating decisions and assess performance. 
 Segment revenues, operating income, and related financial information, including disaggregation of revenue, for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 are set forth in Note 11 and Note 17 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Revenues 
 The following tables set forth certain summary information on a segment basis related to our revenues for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change Segment 2023 2022 2021 2023 to 2022 2022 to 2021 2023 to 2022 2022 to 2021 (In thousands) (In thousands) Scores 773,828 706,643 654,147 67,185 52,496 10 8 Software 739,729 670,627 662,389 69,102 8,238 10 1 Total 1,513,557 1,377,270 1,316,536 136,287 60,734 10 5 
 Percentage of Revenues Year Ended September 30, Segment 2023 2022 2021 Scores 51 51 50 Software 49 49 50 Total 100 100 100 
 
 Scores 
 Scores segment revenues increased 67.2 million in fiscal 2023 from 2022 due to an increase of 85.6 million in our business-to-business scores revenue, partially offset by a decrease of 18.4 million in our business-to-consumer revenue. The increase in business-to-business scores revenue was primarily attributable to a higher unit price, partially offset by a decrease in mortgage originations volume. The decrease in business-to-consumer revenue was primarily attributable to a decrease in direct sales generated from the myFICO.com website. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Software 
 Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 to 2022 2022 to 2021 2023 to 2022 2022 to 2021 (In thousands) (In thousands) On-premises and SaaS software 
 640,182 564,751 517,888 75,431 46,863 13 9 Professional services 99,547 105,876 144,501 (6,329) (38,625) (6) (27) Total 739,729 670,627 662,389 69,102 8,238 10 1 
 Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 to 2022 2022 to 2021 2023 to 2022 2022 to 2021 (In thousands) (In thousands) Software recognized at a point in time (1) 
 72,843 75,647 59,024 (2,804) 16,623 (4) 28 Software recognized over contract term (2) 
 567,339 489,104 458,864 78,235 30,240 16 7 Total on-premises and SaaS software 
 640,182 564,751 517,888 75,431 46,863 13 9 
 
 (1) Includes license portion of our on-premises subscription software and perpetual license, both of which are recognized when the software is made available to the customer, or at the start of the subscription. 
 (2) Includes maintenance portion and usage-based fees of our on-premises subscription software, maintenance revenue on perpetual licenses, as well as SaaS revenue. 
 Software segment revenues increased 69.1 million in fiscal 2023 from 2022 due to a 75.4 million increase in on-premises and SaaS software revenue, partially offset by a 6.3 million decrease in services revenue. The increase in our on-premises and SaaS software revenue was primarily attributable to an increase in revenue recognized over the contract term largely driven by SaaS growth. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 The following tables set forth certain summary information related to our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change 2023 2022 2021 2023 to 2022 2022 to 2021 2023 to 2022 2022 to 2021 (In thousands, except employees) (In thousands, except employees) Revenues 1,513,557 1,377,270 1,316,536 136,287 60,734 10 5 Operating expenses: Cost of revenues 311,053 302,174 332,462 8,879 (30,288) 3 (9) Research and development 159,950 146,758 171,231 13,192 (24,473) 9 (14) Selling, general and administrative 400,565 383,863 396,281 16,702 (12,418) 4 (3) Amortization of intangible assets 1,100 2,061 3,255 (961) (1,194) (47) (37) Restructuring charges 7,957 (7,957) (100) Gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture (1,941) (100,139) (1,941) 100,139 (100) Total operating expenses 870,727 834,856 811,047 35,871 23,809 4 3 Operating income 642,830 542,414 505,489 100,416 36,925 19 7 Interest expense, net (95,546) (68,967) (40,092) (26,579) (28,875) 39 72 Other income (expense), net 6,340 (2,138) 7,745 8,478 (9,883) (397) (128) Income before income taxes 553,624 471,309 473,142 82,315 (1,833) 17 Provision for income taxes 124,249 97,768 81,058 26,481 16,710 27 21 Net income 429,375 373,541 392,084 55,834 (18,543) 15 (5) Number of employees at fiscal year-end 3,455 3,404 3,650 51 (246) 1 (7) 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Percentage of Revenues Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 Revenues 100 100 100 Operating expenses: Cost of revenues 21 22 25 Research and development 11 11 13 Selling, general and administrative 26 28 30 Amortization of intangible assets Restructuring charges 1 Gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture (7) Total operating expenses 58 61 62 Operating income 42 39 38 Interest expense, net (6) (5) (3) Other income (expense), net 1 Income before income taxes 36 34 36 Provision for income taxes 8 7 6 Net income 28 27 30 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues consists primarily of employee salaries, incentives, and benefits for personnel directly involved in delivering software products, operating SaaS infrastructure, and providing support, implementation and consulting services; overhead, facilities and data center costs; software royalty fees; credit bureau data and processing services; third-party hosting fees related to our SaaS services; travel costs; and outside services. 
 The fiscal 2023 over 2022 increase in cost of revenues of 8.9 million was primarily attributable to a 23.4 million increase in personnel and labor costs, partially offset by a 12.9 million decrease in infrastructure and facilities costs, and a 3.9 million decrease in direct materials costs. The increase in personnel and labor costs was primarily attributable to increases in employee time allocated to cost of revenues, increased stock-based compensation expense, increased incentive expense and increased headcount. The decrease in infrastructure and facilities costs was primarily attributable to a one-time reimbursement from a third-party data center provider for implementation costs previously incurred. The decrease in direct materials costs was primarily attributable to a decrease in credit bureau data costs associated with decreased business-to-consumer scoring solutions revenue through the myFICO.com website. Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues decreased to 21 during fiscal 2023 from 22 during fiscal 2022, primarily due to increased sales of our higher margin Scores products and the one-time reimbursement from a third-party data center provider for implementation costs previously incurred. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses include personnel and related overhead costs incurred in the development of new products and services, including research of mathematical and statistical models and development of new versions of Software products. 
 The fiscal 2023 over 2022 increase in research and development expenses of 13.2 million was primarily attributable to a 10.7 million increase in personnel and labor costs as a result of increases in time allocated to research and development activities, and a 1.4 million increase in infrastructure and facilities costs primarily attributable to increased third-party data center hosting fees and SaaS costs. Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues remained consistent at 11 during fiscal 2023 and 2022. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist principally of employee salaries, incentives, commissions and benefits; travel costs; overhead costs; advertising and other promotional expenses; corporate facilities expenses; legal expenses; and business development expenses. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 The fiscal 2023 over 2022 increase in selling, general and administrative expenses of 16.7 million was primarily attributable to a 10.9 million increase in personnel and labor costs, a 5.2 million increase in marketing and business development costs, a 3.3 million increase in travel costs, and a 2.2 million increase in outside services expenses, partially offset by a 4.9 million decrease in infrastructure and facilities costs. The increase in personnel and labor costs was primarily a result of increased fringe benefit costs related to our supplemental retirement and savings plan. The increases in marketing, business development and travel costs were primarily attributable to increased costs for a company-wide marketing event held during both fiscal 2023 and 2022, with higher costs incurred for the fiscal 2023 event due to the increased scope of the event. In addition, as COVID-19 related restrictions have been relaxed, we held more corporate events, increased advertising and promotional expenses and increased travel costs. The increase in outside services expenses was primarily attributable to increased legal expenses. The decrease in infrastructure and facilities costs was primarily attributable to a decrease in software royalty fees and maintenance allocated to selling, general and administrative expenses, and a favorable adjustment from the termination of an office lease related to our consolidation of office space. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased to 26 during fiscal 2023 from 28 during fiscal 2022. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 Amortization of intangible assets consists of expense related to intangible assets recorded in connection with our acquisitions. Our finite-lived intangible assets, consisting primarily of completed technology and customer contracts and relationships, are amortized using the straight-line method over periods ranging from five to ten years. 
 Amortization expense was 1.1 million and 2.1 million for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Restructuring Charges 
 There were no restructuring charges incurred during fiscal 2023 and 2022. 
 Gains on Product Line Asset Sales and Business Divestiture 
 The 1.9 million gain on product line asset sale during fiscal 2023 was attributable to the sale of certain assets related to our Siron compliance business in December 2022. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense includes interest on the senior notes issued in December 2021, December 2019, and May 2018, as well as interest and credit agreement fees on the revolving line of credit and term loan. On our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, interest expense is netted with interest income, which is derived primarily from the investment of funds in excess of our immediate operating requirements. 
 The fiscal 2023 from 2022 increase in net interest expense of 26.6 million was primarily attributable to a higher average outstanding debt balance, as well as a higher average interest rate on our revolving line of credit and term loan during fiscal 2023. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net consists primarily of unrealized investment gains/losses and realized gains/losses on certain investments classified as trading securities, exchange rate gains/losses resulting from remeasurement of foreign-currency-denominated receivable and cash balances held by our various reporting entities into their respective functional currencies at period-end market rates, net of the impact of offsetting foreign currency forward contracts, and other non-operating items. 
 The fiscal 2023 over 2022 change in other income (expense), net of 8.5 million, from 2.1 million in other expense, net to 6.3 million in other income, net, was primarily attributable to net unrealized gains on investments classified as trading securities in our supplemental retirement and savings plan in the current year compared to losses in the prior year, partially offset by an increase in foreign currency exchange losses. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Our effective tax rates were 22.4 , 20.7 and 17.1 in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The increase in our effective tax rate in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was due to the increase in pretax income overall, in addition to a one-time increase related to the divestiture of a non-U.S. subsidiary. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Operating Income 
 The following tables set forth certain summary information on a segment basis related to our operating income for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change Segment 2023 2022 2021 2023 to 2022 2022 to 2021 2023 to 2022 2022 to 2021 (In thousands) (In thousands) Scores 681,071 619,355 563,609 61,716 55,746 10 10 Software 241,191 183,122 107,101 58,069 76,021 32 71 Unallocated corporate expenses (156,426) (142,647) (141,691) (13,779) (956) 10 1 Total segment operating income 765,836 659,830 529,019 106,006 130,811 16 25 Unallocated share-based compensation (123,847) (115,355) (112,457) (8,492) (2,898) 7 3 Unallocated amortization expense (1,100) (2,061) (3,255) 961 1,194 (47) (37) Unallocated restructuring charges (7,957) 7,957 (100) Gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture 1,941 100,139 1,941 (100,139) (100) Operating income 642,830 542,414 505,489 100,416 36,925 19 7 
 Scores 
 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of Revenues 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021 (In thousands) Segment revenues 773,828 706,643 654,147 100 100 100 Segment operating expenses (92,757) (87,288) (90,538) (12) (12) (14) Segment operating income 681,071 619,355 563,609 88 88 86 
 Software 
 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of Revenues 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021 (In thousands) Segment revenues 739,729 670,627 662,389 100 100 100 Segment operating expenses (498,538) (487,505) (555,288) (67) (73) (84) Segment operating income 241,191 183,122 107,101 33 27 16 
 The fiscal 2023 over 2022 increase in operating income of 100.4 million was primarily attributable to a 136.3 million increase in segment revenues, partially offset by a 16.5 million increase in segment operating expenses, a 13.8 million increase in corporate expenses, and an 8.5 million increase in share-based compensation cost. 
 At the segment level, the 106.0 million increase in segment operating income was the result of a 61.7 million increase in our Scores segment operating income and a 58.1 million increase in our Software segment operating income, partially offset by a 13.8 million increase in corporate expenses. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The 61.7 million increase in our Scores segment operating income was attributable to a 67.2 million increase in segment revenue, partially offset by a 5.5 million increase in segment operating expenses. Segment operating income as a percentage of segment revenue for Scores was 88 , consistent with fiscal 2022. 
 The 58.1 million increase in our Software segment operating income was attributable to a 69.1 million increase in segment revenue, partially offset by a 11.0 million increase in segment operating expenses. Segment operating income as a percentage of segment revenue for Software increased to 33 from 27 , primarily attributable to an increase in software revenue recognized over the contract term due to SaaS growth, a one-time reimbursement from a third-party data center provider for implementation costs previously incurred, and a decrease in sales of our lower-margin professional services. 
 
 CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 Outlook 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had 136.8 million in cash and cash equivalents, which included 110.4 million held by our foreign subsidiaries. We believe our cash and cash equivalents balances, including those held by our foreign subsidiaries, as well as available borrowings from our 600 million revolving line of credit and anticipated cash flows from operating activities, will be sufficient to fund our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future, including the 15.0 million principal payments on our term loan due over the next 12 months. Under our current financing arrangements, we have no other significant debt obligations maturing over the next twelve months. For jurisdictions outside the U.S. where cash may be repatriated in the future, the Company expects the net impact of any repatriations to be immaterial to the Company s overall tax liability. 
 In the normal course of business, we evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses. We may elect to use available cash and cash equivalents to fund such activities in the future. In the event additional needs for cash arise, or if we refinance our existing debt, we may raise additional funds from a combination of sources, including the potential issuance of debt or equity securities. Additional financing might not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If adequate funds were not available or were not available on acceptable terms, our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited. 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 (In thousands) Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 468,915 509,450 423,817 Investing activities (15,954) (5,671) 137,850 Financing activities (455,001) (547,165) (523,571) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 5,616 (18,766) (136) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 3,576 (62,152) 37,960 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Our primary method for funding operations and growth has been through cash flows generated from operating activities. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled 468.9 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 509.5 million in fiscal 2022. The 40.6 million decrease was attributable to a 68.9 million decrease in non-cash items and a 27.5 million decrease that resulted from timing of receipts and payments in our ordinary course of business, partially offset by a 55.8 million increase in net income. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 16.0 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 5.7 million in fiscal 2022. The 10.3 million increase was primarily attributable to an 8.4 million decrease in cash proceeds from the product line asset sales, net of cash transferred and a 3.0 million decrease in proceeds from sale of marketable securities. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities totaled 455.0 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 547.2 million in fiscal 2022. The 92.2 million decrease was primarily attributable to a 698.7 million decrease in repurchases of common stock and an 8.8 million decrease in payments on debt issuance costs, partially offset by a 550.0 million decrease in proceeds from the issuance of senior notes, a 45.8 million decrease in proceeds, net of payments, on our revolving line of credit and term loan, and a 25.7 million increase in taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards. 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 In October 2022, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program replacing our previously authorized program. This program is open-ended and authorizes repurchases of shares of our common stock up to an aggregate cost of 500.0 million in the open market or in negotiated transactions. As of September 30, 2023, we had 120.5 million remaining under our current stock repurchase program. During fiscal 2023 and 2022, we expended 407.3 million and 1.1 billion, respectively, under our current and previously authorized stock repurchase programs. 
 Revolving Line of Credit and Term Loan 
 We have a 600 million unsecured revolving line of credit and a 300 million unsecured term loan with a syndicate of banks that mature on August 19, 2026. Borrowings under the revolving line of credit and term loan can be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and may also be used for the refinancing of existing debt, acquisitions, and the repurchase of our common stock. The term loan requires principal payments in consecutive quarterly installments of 3.75 million on the last business day of each quarter. In November 2022, we amended our credit agreement to replace the LIBOR reference rate with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR reference rate. Interest rates on amounts borrowed under the revolving line of credit and term loan are based on (i) an adjusted base rate, which is the greatest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.5 , and (c) one-month adjusted term SOFR rate plus 1 , plus, in each case, an applicable margin, or (ii) an adjusted term SOFR rate plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings and for SOFR borrowings is determined based on our consolidated leverage ratio. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings ranges from 0 to 0.75 per annum and for SOFR borrowings ranges from 1 to 1.75 per annum. In addition, we must pay certain credit facility fees. The revolving line of credit and term loan contain certain restrictive covenants including a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.5 to 1.0, subject to a step up to 4.0 to 1.0 following certain permitted acquisitions and subject to certain conditions, and a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.0 to 1.0. The credit agreement also contains other covenants typical of unsecured credit facilities. 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had 300.0 million in borrowings outstanding under the revolving line of credit at a weighted-average interest rate of 6.678 , of which 35.0 million was classified as a current liability and 265.0 million was classified as a long-term liability. In addition, as of September 30, 2023, we had 273.8 million in outstanding balance under the term loan at an interest rate of 6.752 , of which 15.0 million was classified as a current liability and 258.8 million was classified as a long-term liability. The current and long-term revolving line of credit and term loan liabilities were recorded in current maturities on debt and long-term debt, respectively, within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. We were in compliance with all financial covenants under this credit agreement as of September 30, 2023. 
 Senior Notes 
 On May 8, 2018, we issued 400 million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2018 Senior Notes ). The 2018 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of 5.25 per annum and will mature on May 15, 2026. On December 6, 2019, we issued 350 million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2019 Senior Notes ). The 2019 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of 4.00 per annum and will mature on June 15, 2028. On December 17, 2021, we issued 550 million of additional senior notes of the same class as the 2019 Senior Notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2021 Senior Notes, and collectively with the 2018 Senior Notes and the 2019 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The 2021 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of 4.00 per annum and will mature on June 15, 2028, the same date as the 2019 Senior Notes. The indentures for the Senior Notes contain certain covenants typical of unsecured obligations. As of September 30, 2023, the carrying value of the Senior Notes was 1.3 billion and we were in compliance with all financial covenants under these obligations. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table presents a summary of our contractual obligations at September 30, 2023: 
 Year Ending September 30, Thereafter Total 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 (In thousands) Senior Notes (1) 
 400,000 900,000 1,300,000 Revolving line of credit and term loan (1) 
 15,000 15,000 543,750 573,750 Interest due on Senior Notes 57,000 57,000 57,000 36,000 36,000 243,000 Operating lease obligations 17,731 11,872 8,901 3,949 268 160 42,881 Unrecognized tax benefits (2) 
 13,849 Total commitments 89,731 83,872 1,009,651 39,949 936,268 160 2,173,480 
 (1) Represents the unpaid principal payments due under the Senior Notes, revolving line of credit, and term loan. 
 (2) Represents unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions. As we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of the payments or the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over time, the related balances have not been reflected in the section of the table showing payment by fiscal year. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. These accounting principles require management to make certain judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We periodically evaluate our estimates including those relating to revenue recognition, goodwill resulting from business combinations and other long-lived assets impairment assessment, share-based compensation, income taxes, and contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable based on the specific circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Critical accounting estimates are those that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report, we believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting estimates, which involve significant subjectivity and judgment, and changes to such estimates or assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition or operating results. Therefore, we consider an understanding of the variability and judgment required in making these estimates and assumptions to be critical in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Contracts with Customers 
 Our revenue is primarily derived from on-premises software and SaaS subscriptions, professional services and scoring services. For contracts with customers that contain various combinations of products and services, we evaluate whether the products or services are distinct distinct products or services will be accounted for as separate performance obligations, while non-distinct products or services are combined with others to form a single performance obligation. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price SSP basis. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Our on-premises software is primarily sold on a subscription basis, which includes a term-based license and post-contract support or maintenance, both of which generally represent distinct performance obligations and are accounted for separately. The transaction price is either a fixed fee, or a usage-based fee sometimes subject to a guaranteed minimum. When the amount is fixed, including the guaranteed minimum in a usage-based fee, license revenue is recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. Maintenance revenue is recognized ratably over the contract period as customers simultaneously consume and receive benefits. Any usage-based fees not subject to a guaranteed minimum or earned in excess of the minimum amount are recognized when the subsequent usage occurs. We occasionally sell software arrangements consisting of on-premises perpetual licenses and maintenance. License revenue is recognized at a point in time when the software is made available to the customer and maintenance revenue is recognized ratably over the contract term. 
 Our SaaS products provide customers with access to and standard support for our software on a subscription basis, delivered through our own infrastructure or third-party cloud services. The SaaS transaction contracts typically include a guaranteed minimum fee per period that allows up to a certain level of usage and a consumption-based variable fee in excess of the minimum threshold; or a consumption-based variable fee not subject to a minimum threshold. The nature of our SaaS arrangements is to provide continuous access to our hosted solutions in the cloud, i.e., a stand-ready obligation that comprises a series of distinct service periods (e.g., a series of distinct daily, monthly or annual periods of service). We estimate the total variable consideration at contract inception subject to any constraints that may apply and update the estimates as new information becomes available and recognize the amount ratably over the SaaS service period, unless we determine it is appropriate to allocate the variable amount to each distinct service period and recognize revenue as each distinct service period is performed. 
 Our professional services include software implementation, consulting, model development and training. Professional services are sold either standalone, or together with other products or services and generally represent distinct performance obligations. The transaction price can be a fixed amount or a variable amount based upon the time and materials expended. Revenue on fixed-price services is recognized using an input method based on labor hours expended, which we believe provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of services. Revenue on services provided on a time and materials basis is recognized by applying the right-to-invoice practical expedient as the amount to which we have a right to invoice the customer corresponds directly with the value of our performance to the customer. 
 Our scoring services include both business-to-business and business-to-consumer offerings. Our business-to-business scoring services typically include a license that grants consumer reporting agencies the right to use our scoring solutions in exchange for a usage-based royalty. Revenue is generally recognized when the usage occurs. Business-to-consumer offerings provide consumers with access to their FICO Scores and credit reports, as well as other value-add services. These are provided as either a one-time or ongoing subscription service renewed monthly or annually, all with a fixed consideration. The nature of the subscription service is a stand-ready obligation to generate credit reports, provide credit monitoring, and other services for our customers, which comprises a series of distinct service periods (e.g., a series of distinct daily, monthly or annual periods of service). Revenue from one-time or monthly subscription services is recognized during the period when service is performed. Revenue from annual subscription services is recognized ratably over the subscription period. 
 Significant Judgments 
 Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct and should be accounted for separately may require significant judgment. Specifically, when implementation service is included in the original software or SaaS offerings, judgment is required to determine if the implementation service significantly modifies or customizes the software or SaaS service in such a way that the risks of providing it and the customization service are inseparable. In rare instances, contracts may include significant modification or customization of the software of SaaS service and will result in the combination of software or SaaS service and implementation service as one performance obligation. 
 We determine the SSPs using data from our historical standalone sales, or, in instances where such information is not available (such as when we do not sell the product or service separately), we consider factors such as the stated contract prices, our overall pricing practices and objectives, go-to-market strategy, size and type of the transactions, and effects of the geographic area on pricing, among others. When the selling price of a product or service is highly variable, we may use the residual approach to determine the SSP of that product or service. Significant judgment may be required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation when it involves the consideration of many market conditions and entity-specific factors discussed above. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Significant judgment may be required to determine the timing of satisfaction of a performance obligation in certain professional services contracts with a fixed consideration, in which we measure progress using an input method based on labor hours expended. In order to estimate the total hours of the project, we make assumptions about labor utilization, efficiency of processes, the customer s specification and IT environment, among others. For certain complex projects, due to the risks and uncertainties inherent with the estimation process and factors relating to the assumptions, actual progress may differ due to the change in estimated total hours. Adjustments to estimates are made in the period in which the facts requiring such revisions become known and, accordingly, recognized revenues are subject to revisions as the contract progresses to completion. 
 Capitalized Commission Costs 
 We capitalize incremental commission fees paid as a result of obtaining customer contracts. Capitalized commission costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over ten years determined using a portfolio approach based on the transfer of goods or services to which the assets relate, taking into consideration both the initial and future contracts as we do not typically pay a commission on a contract renewal. The amortization costs are included in selling, general, and administrative expenses of our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 We apply a practical expedient to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the assets that we otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. These costs are recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets - Impairment Assessment 
 Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations. We assess goodwill for impairment for each of our reporting units on an annual basis during our fourth fiscal quarter using a July 1 measurement date unless circumstances require a more frequent measurement. 
 We have determined that our reporting units are the same as our reportable segments. When evaluating goodwill for impairment, we may first perform an assessment qualitatively whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, referred to as a step zero approach. If, based on the review of the qualitative factors, we determine it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we would bypass the two-step impairment test. Events and circumstances we consider in performing the step zero qualitative assessment include macro-economic conditions, market and industry conditions, internal cost factors, share price fluctuations, and the operational stability and overall financial performance of the reporting units. If we conclude that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount, we would perform the first step step one of the two-step impairment test and calculate the estimated fair value of the reporting unit by using discounted cash flow valuation models and by comparing our reporting units to guideline publicly-traded companies. These methods require estimates of our future revenues, profits, capital expenditures, working capital, and other relevant factors, as well as selecting appropriate guideline publicly-traded companies for each reporting unit. We estimate these amounts by evaluating historical trends, current budgets, operating plans, industry data, and other relevant factors. Alternatively, we may bypass the qualitative assessment described above for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing step one of the goodwill impairment test. 
 For fiscal 2022 and 2023, we performed a step zero qualitative analysis for our annual assessment of goodwill impairment. After evaluating and weighing all relevant events and circumstances, we concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of either of our reporting units was less than their carrying amounts. Consequently, we did not perform a step one quantitative analysis and determined goodwill was not impaired for either of our reporting units for fiscal 2022 and 2023. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Our other long-lived assets are assessed for potential impairment when there is evidence that events and circumstances related to our financial performance and economic environment indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. When impairment indicators are identified, we test for impairment using undiscounted projected cash flows. If such tests indicate impairment, then we measure and record the impairment as the difference between the carrying value of the asset and the fair value of the asset. Significant management judgment is required in forecasting future operating results used in the preparation of the projected cash flows. Should different conditions prevail, material write downs of our other long-lived assets could occur. We did not recognize any impairment charges on other long-lived assets in fiscal 2023 and 2022. 
 As discussed above, while we believe that the assumptions and estimates utilized were appropriate based on the information available to management, different assumptions, judgments and estimates could materially affect our impairment assessments for our goodwill and other long-lived assets. Historically, there have been no significant changes in our estimates or assumptions that would have had a material impact for our goodwill or other long-lived assets impairment assessment. We believe our projected operating results and cash flows would need to be significantly less favorable to have a material impact on our impairment assessment. However, based upon our historical experience with operations, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood of a significant change in our projections. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 We measure share-based compensation cost at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and recognize it as expense, net of estimated forfeitures, over the vesting or service period, as applicable, of the stock award (generally three to four years). We use the Black-Scholes valuation model to determine the fair value of our stock options and a Monte Carlo valuation model to determine the fair value of our market share units. Our valuation models and generally accepted valuation techniques require us to make assumptions and to apply judgment to determine the fair value of our awards. These assumptions and judgments include estimating the volatility of our stock price, expected dividend yield, employee turnover rates and employee stock option exercise behaviors. Historically, there have been no material changes in our estimates or assumptions. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions. See Note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share-based employee benefit plans. 
 Income Taxes 
 We estimate our income taxes based on the various jurisdictions where we conduct business, which involves significant judgment in determining our income tax provision. We estimate our current tax liability using currently enacted tax rates and laws and assess temporary differences that result from differing treatments of certain items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheets using the currently enacted tax rates and laws that will apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. We then assess the likelihood our deferred tax assets will be realized and to the extent we believe realization is not more likely than not, we establish a valuation allowance. When we establish a valuation allowance or increase this allowance in an accounting period, we record a corresponding income tax expense in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. In assessing the need for the valuation allowance, we consider future taxable income in the jurisdictions we operate; our ability to carry back tax attributes to prior years; an analysis of our deferred tax assets and the periods over which they will be realizable; and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. An increase in the valuation allowance would have an adverse impact, which could be material, on our income tax provision and net income in the period in which we record the increase. 
 We recognize and measure benefits for uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. The first step is to evaluate the tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return by determining if the technical merits of the tax position indicate it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon audit, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount more than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. Significant judgment is required to evaluate uncertain tax positions and they are evaluated on a quarterly basis. Our evaluations are based upon a number of factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits and effective settlement of audit issues. Changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in our income tax expense in the period in which we make the change, which could have a material impact on our effective tax rate and operating results. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Contingencies and Litigation 
 We are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits and claims relating to products and services, technology, labor, stockholder and other matters. We are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse outcomes and the potential range of probable losses in these matters. If the potential loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. If the potential loss is considered less than probable or the amount cannot be reasonably estimated, disclosure of the matter is considered. The amount of loss accrual or disclosure, if any, is determined after analysis of each matter, and is subject to adjustment if warranted by new developments or revised strategies. Due to uncertainties related to these matters, accruals or disclosures are based on the best information available at the time. Significant judgment is required in both the assessment of likelihood and in the determination of a range of potential losses. Revisions in the estimates of the potential liabilities could have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations. Historically, there have been no material changes in our estimates or assumptions. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the future estimates. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information about recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted and the impact on our consolidated financial statements, refer to Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , Note 1, Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Market Risk Disclosures 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 
 Interest Rate 
 We maintain an investment portfolio consisting of bank deposits and money market funds. The funds provide daily liquidity and may be subject to interest rate risk and fall in value if market interest rates increase. We do not expect our operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant degree by a sudden change in market interest rates. The following table presents the principal amounts and related weighted-average yields for our investments with interest rate risk at September 30, 2023 and 2022: 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Cost Basis Carrying Amount Average Yield Cost Basis Carrying Amount Average Yield (Dollars in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 136,778 136,778 3.05 133,202 133,202 1.23 
 On May 8, 2018, we issued 400 million of senior notes in a private placement to qualified institutional investors (the 2018 Senior Notes ). On December 6, 2019, we issued 350 million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2019 Senior Notes ). On December 17, 2021, we issued 550 million of additional senior notes of the same class as the 2019 Senior Notes in a private placement to qualified institutional investors (the 2021 Senior Notes and collectively with the 2018 Senior Notes and 2019 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The fair value of the Senior Notes may increase or decrease due to various factors, including fluctuations in market interest rates and fluctuations in general economic conditions. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Resources and Liquidity for additional information on the Senior Notes. The following table presents the face values and fair values for the Senior Notes at September 30, 2023 and 2022: 
 
 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 Face Value 
 Fair Value Face Value 
 Fair Value (In thousands) The 2018 Senior Notes 400,000 386,000 400,000 381,500 The 2019 Senior Notes and the 2021 Senior Notes 900,000 803,250 900,000 767,250 Total 1,300,000 1,189,250 1,300,000 1,148,750 
 46 

Table of Contents 

) The carrying value of the Senior Notes was the face value reduced by the net debt issuance costs of 11.5 million and 14.3 million at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 We have interest rate risk with respect to our unsecured revolving line of credit and term loan. Interest rates on amounts borrowed under the revolving line of credit and term loan are based on (i) an adjusted base rate, which is the greatest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.5 , and (c) one-month adjusted term SOFR rate plus 1 , plus, in each case, an applicable margin, or (ii) an adjusted term SOFR rate plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings and for SOFR borrowings is determined based on our consolidated leverage ratio. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings ranges from 0 to 0.75 per annum and for SOFR borrowings ranges from 1 to 1.75 per annum. A change in interest rates on this variable rate debt impacts the interest incurred and cash flows, but does not impact the fair value of the instrument. As of September 30, 2023, we had 300.0 million in borrowings outstanding under the revolving line of credit at a weighted-average interest rate of 6.678 and 273.8 million in outstanding balance of the term loan at an interest rate of 6.752 . 
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
 We maintain a program to manage our foreign exchange rate risk on existing foreign-currency-denominated receivable and cash balances by entering into forward contracts to sell or buy foreign currencies. At period end, foreign-currency-denominated receivable and cash balances held by our various reporting entities are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at current market rates. The change in value from this remeasurement is then reported as a foreign exchange gain or loss for that period in our accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and the resulting gain or loss on the forward contract mitigates the foreign exchange rate risk of the associated assets. All of our foreign currency forward contracts have maturity periods of less than three months. Such derivative financial instruments are subject to market risk. 
 The following tables summarize our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts, by currency, at September 30, 2023 and 2022: 
 September 30, 2023 Contract Amount Fair Value Foreign Currency USD USD (In thousands) Sell foreign currency: Euro (EUR) EUR 12,900 13,621 Buy foreign currency: British pound (GBP) GBP 10,700 13,100 Singapore dollar (SGD) SGD 8,569 6,300 
 
 September 30, 2022 Contract Amount Fair Value Foreign Currency USD USD (In thousands) Sell foreign currency: Euro (EUR) EUR 13,500 13,158 Buy foreign currency: British pound (GBP) GBP 11,848 13,100 Singapore dollar (SGD) SGD 6,169 4,300 
 The foreign currency forward contracts were entered into on September 30, 2023 and 2022; therefore, their fair value was 0 at each of these dates. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Fair Isaac Corporation 
 Bozeman, Montana 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fair Isaac Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of operations and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition Contracts with Customers Refer to Note 1 and Note 11 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the Company s customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The Company s revenue is primarily derived from on-premises software and software-as-a-service (SaaS) subscriptions, professional services, and scoring services. 
 For contracts with customers that contain various combinations of products and services, the Company evaluates whether the products or services are distinct distinct products or services will be accounted for as separate performance obligations, while non-distinct products or services are combined with others to form a single performance obligation. 
 For on-premises software, which includes a term-based license and post-contract support or maintenance, the transaction price is either a fixed fee, or a usage-based fee sometimes subject to a guaranteed minimum. Any usage-based fees not subject to a guaranteed minimum or earned in excess of the minimum amount are recognized when the subsequent usage occurs. 
 For SaaS products, the Company estimates the total variable consideration at contract inception subject to any constraints that may apply and updates the estimates as new information becomes available and recognizes the amount ratably over the SaaS service period, unless the Company determines it is appropriate to allocate the variable amount to each distinct service period and recognize revenue as each distinct service period is performed. 
 The Company s professional services include software implementation, consulting, model development and training. The transaction price can be a fixed amount or a variable amount based upon the time and materials expended. Revenue on fixed-price services is recognized using an input method based on labor hours expended, which the Company believe provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of services. 
 The Company s scoring services include both business-to-business and business-to-consumer offerings. The Company s business-to-business scoring services typically include a license that grants consumer reporting agencies the right to use the scoring solutions in exchange for a usage-based royalty. Revenue is generally recognized when the usage occurs. Business-to-consumer offerings provide consumers with access to their FICO Scores and credit reports, as well as other value-add services. These are provided as either a one-time or ongoing subscription service renewed monthly or annually, all with a fixed consideration. 
 Given the complexity of certain of the Company s contracts, together with the judgment involved in identifying performance obligations and estimating variable consideration, auditing the related revenue required both extensive audit effort due to the volume and complexity of the contracts and a high degree of auditor judgment when performing audit procedures and evaluating the results of those procedures . 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to revenue recognition over the Company s identification of performance obligations and estimation of variable consideration, included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over contract revenue, including management s controls over the identification of performance obligations and estimation of variable consideration. 
 We selected a sample of contracts and performed the following procedures: 
 Obtained and read the contract, including master agreements, renewal agreements, and other source documents that were part of the contract. 
 Confirmed the terms of the contract directly with the customer, including whether there are terms not formally included in the contract that may impact the identification of performance obligations and revenue recognition and performed alternative procedures in the event of nonreplies. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Tested management s identification of the performance obligations within the customer contract, including whether material rights that gave rise to a performance obligation were identified. 
 Tested management s estimation of variable consideration in the transaction price by evaluating the reasonableness of the inputs used in management s estimates. 

/s/ November 8, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2004. 

50 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 September 30, 2023 2022 (In thousands, except par value data) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Marketable securities Other investments Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and employee benefits Other accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Current maturities on debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders deficit: Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding) 
 Common stock par value; shares authorized, shares issued and and shares outstanding at September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in-capital Treasury stock, at cost and shares at September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively) 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 (In thousands, except per share data) Revenues: On-premises and SaaS software Professional services Scores Total revenues Operating expenses: Cost of revenues Research and development Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Restructuring charges Gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture ) ) Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Comprehensive income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Shares used in computing basic earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in-Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) (In thousands) Shares Par Value Balance at September 30, 2020 ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of treasury stock under employee stock plans ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2021 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of treasury stock under employee stock plans ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Balance at September 30, 2022 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of treasury stock under employee stock plans ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 (In thousands) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Net (gain) loss on marketable securities ) ) Non-cash operating lease costs Provision of doubtful accounts Gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture ) ) Net loss on sales and abandonment of property and equipment Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued compensation and employee benefits ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Deferred revenue Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of marketable securities Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from product line asset sales and business divestiture, net of cash transferred ) Purchase of equity investment ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from revolving line of credit and term loan Payments on revolving line of credit and term loan ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes Payments on debt issuance costs ) ) Payments on finance leases ) Proceeds from issuance of treasury stock under employee stock plans Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds of , and during the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Unsettled repurchases of common stock Purchase of property and equipment included in accounts payable 
 See accompanying notes. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 1. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

The fair values of our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities investments are disclosed in Note 4. The fair value of our derivative instruments is disclosed in Note 5. The fair value of our senior notes is disclosed in Note 9. 
 
 years to years Office furniture and equipment years to years Leasehold improvements Shorter of estimated useful life or lease term 
 Depreciation and amortization on property and equipment totaled million, million and million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 . Software development costs required to be capitalized for internal-use software have not been material to date. 
 Goodwill, Acquisition Intangibles and Other Long-Lived Assets 
 years to years Customer contracts and relationships years to years Non-compete agreements years 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 We did not recognize any impairment charges on intangible assets that have finite useful lives or other long-lived assets in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

We recorded transactional foreign exchange gains (losses) of ) million, million and during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
). See Note 15 for further discussion of our share-based employee benefit plans. 
 
 Advertising and promotion costs totaled million, million and million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 million. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 million, which were recorded in gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture within the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. The C R business and the assets sold were part of our Software segment. 
 
 3. 
 Money market funds Total Marketable Securities: Marketable securities 
 The assets included in marketable securities represent long-term marketable equity securities held under a supplemental retirement and savings plan for certain officers and senior management employees, which are distributed upon termination or retirement of the employees. These investments are treated as trading securities and recorded at fair value. 
 
 4. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 Marketable securities (2) 
 Total 
 
 September 30, 2022 Active Markets for Identical Instruments (Level 1) Fair Value as of September 30, 2022 (In thousands) Assets: Cash equivalents (1) 
 Marketable securities (2) 
 Total 
 (1) million and million at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) 
 See Note 9 for the fair value of our senior notes. 
 There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 5. 
 . 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 Buy foreign currency: British pound (GBP) GBP Singapore dollar (SGD) SGD 
 
 September 30, 2022 Contract Amount Fair Value Foreign Currency USD USD (In thousands) Sell foreign currency: Euro (EUR) EUR Buy foreign currency: British pound (GBP) GBP Singapore dollar (SGD) SGD 
 The foreign currency forward contracts were entered into on September 30, 2023 and 2022; therefore, their fair value was at each of these dates. 
 Gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments were recorded in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income as a component of other income (expense), net, and consisted of the following: 
 ) 
 
 6. 
 ) ) Customer contracts and relationships ) ) ) ) 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

Customer contracts and relationships Non-compete agreements Total 
 At September 30, 2023, estimated future intangible asset amortization expense was million, which will be recognized in fiscal 2024. 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Balance at September 30, 2022 Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 7. 
 Office furniture and equipment Leasehold improvements Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total Other accrued liabilities: Interest payable Current operating leases Other Total 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 8. Revolving Line of Credit and Term Loan 
 million unsecured revolving line of credit and a million unsecured term loan with a syndicate of banks that mature on . Borrowings under the revolving line of credit and term loan can be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and may also be used for the refinancing of existing debt, acquisitions, and the repurchase of our common stock. The term loan requires principal payments in consecutive quarterly installments of million on the last business day of each quarter. In November 2022, we amended our credit agreement to replace the LIBOR reference rate with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR reference rate. Interest rates on amounts borrowed under the revolving line of credit and term loan are based on (i) an adjusted base rate, which is the greatest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the Federal Funds rate plus , and (c) one-month adjusted term SOFR rate plus , plus, in each case, an applicable margin, or (ii) an adjusted term SOFR rate plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings and for SOFR borrowings is determined based on our consolidated leverage ratio. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings ranges from to per annum and for SOFR borrowings ranges from to per annum. In addition, we must pay certain credit facility fees. The revolving line of credit and term loan contain certain restrictive covenants including a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of to 1.0, subject to a step up to to 1.0 following certain permitted acquisitions and subject to certain conditions, and a minimum interest coverage ratio of to 1.0. The credit agreement also contains other covenants typical of unsecured credit facilities. 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had million in borrowings outstanding under the revolving line of credit at a weighted-average interest rate of , of which million was classified as a current liability and million was classified as a long-term liability. In addition, as of September 30, 2023, we had million in outstanding balance under the term loan at an interest rate of , of which million was classified as a current liability and million was classified as a long-term liability. The current and long-term revolving line of credit and term loan liabilities were recorded in current maturities on debt and long-term debt, respectively, within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. We were in compliance with all financial covenants under this credit agreement as of September 30, 2023. 
 2025 2026 Total 
 
 9. 
 million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2018 Senior Notes ). The 2018 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of per annum and will mature on . 
 On December 6, 2019, we issued million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2019 Senior Notes ). The 2019 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of per annum and will mature on . 
 On December 17, 2021, we issued million of additional senior notes of the same class as the 2019 Senior Notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2021 Senior Notes, and collectively with the 2018 Senior Notes and the 2019 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The 2021 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of per annum and will mature on , the same date as the 2019 Senior Notes. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 The 2019 Senior Notes and the 2021 Senior Notes Total 
 
 million and million at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 2027 2028 Total 
 
 10. 
 million of our common stock. The ASR Agreement was accounted for as two separate transactions (1) a repurchase of common stock and (2) an equity-linked contract on our own stock. Pursuant to the ASR Agreement, we paid million to the financial institution and received an initial delivery of shares of common stock, which approximated of the total number of expected shares to be repurchased under the ASR Agreement. The equity-linked contract for the remaining million, representing remaining shares to be delivered under the ASR Agreement, was recorded as a reduction to stockholders equity as of June 30, 2021 and was settled in August 2021 with us receiving additional shares. In total, shares were repurchased under the ASR Agreement. We were not required to make any additional cash payments or delivery of common stock to the financial institution upon settlement of the agreement. 
 
 11. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

Disaggregation of Revenue 
 During fiscal 2021, we sold all assets related to our cyber risk score operations, sold certain assets related to our Software segment to an affiliated joint venture in China, and divested our C R business. During fiscal 2023, we sold certain assets related to our Siron compliance business. The comparability of the data below is impacted as a result of these divestitures. 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Total 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Total 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 Scores Software Total Percentage (Dollars in thousands) Americas Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Total 
 The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue for our Software segment by deployment method: 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of revenues 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) On-premises software SaaS software Total on-premises and SaaS software 
 The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue for our Software segment by product features: 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of revenues 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Platform software 
 Non-Platform software Total on-premises and SaaS software 
 
 ) FICO platform software is a set of interoperable capabilities which use software assets owned and/or governed by FICO for building solutions and services which conform to FICO architectural standards based on key elements of Cloud Native Computing design principles. These standards encompass shared security context and access using FICO standard application programming interfaces. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 Software recognized over contract term (2) 
 Total on-premises and SaaS 
 software 

(1) Includes license portion of our on-premises subscription software and perpetual license, both of which are recognized when the software is made available to the customer, or at the start of the subscription. 
 (2) Includes maintenance portion and usage-based fees of our on-premises subscription software, maintenance revenue on perpetual licenses, as well as SaaS revenue. 
 The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue for our Scores segment by distribution method: 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of revenues 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Business-to-business Scores Business-to-consumer Scores Total 
 We derive a substantial portion of revenues from our contracts with the three major consumer reporting agencies, TransUnion, Equifax and Experian. Revenues collectively generated by agreements with these customers accounted for , and of our total revenues in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with all consumer reporting agencies each contributing more than 10 of our total revenues in fiscal 2023, and each contributing more than 10 of our total revenues in fiscal 2022 and 2021. At September 30, 2023, individual customer accounted for 10 or more of total consolidated receivables. At September 30, 2022, individual customer accounted for 10 or more of total consolidated receivables. 
 Contract Balances 
 We record a receivable when we satisfy a performance obligation prior to invoicing if only the passage of time is required before payment is due or if we have an unconditional right to consideration before we satisfy a performance obligation. We record a contract asset when we satisfy a performance obligation prior to invoicing but our right to consideration is conditional. We record deferred revenue when the payment is made or due before we satisfy a performance obligation. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 Unbilled Less: allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Net receivables Less: long-term receivables 
 ) ) Short-term receivables 
 
 ) Short-term receivables and long-term receivables were recorded in accounts receivable, net and other assets, respectively, within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Add: expense Less: write-offs (net of recoveries) ) ) Allowance for doubtful accounts, ending balance 
 Deferred revenue primarily relates to our maintenance and SaaS contracts billed annually in advance and generally recognized ratably over the term of the service period. 
 Revenue recognized that was included in the deferred revenues balance at the beginning of the period ) ) Increases due to billings, excluding amounts recognized as revenue during the period Deferred revenues, ending balance 

million and long-term portion of million that were recorded in deferred revenue and other liabilities, respectively, within the consolidated balance sheets. Deferred revenues at September 30, 2022 included current portion of million and long-term portion of million that were recorded in deferred revenue and other liabilities, respectively, within the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, although terms generally include a requirement of payment within to days. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, we have determined our contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. The primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing our products and services, not to provide customers with financing or to receive financing from our customers. Examples include multi-year on-premises licenses that are invoiced annually with revenue recognized upfront and invoicing at the beginning of a subscription term with revenue recognized ratably over the contract period. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 million as of September 30, 2023, approximately of which we expect to recognize over the next months and the remainder thereafter. Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations was million as of September 30, 2022. 
 Significant Judgments 
 Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct and should be accounted for separately may require significant judgment. Specifically, when implementation service is included in the original software or SaaS offerings, judgment is required to determine if the implementation service significantly modifies or customizes the software or SaaS service in such a way that the risks of providing it and the customization service are inseparable. In rare instances, contracts may include significant modification or customization of the software or SaaS service and will result in the combination of software or SaaS service and implementation service as one performance obligation. 
 We determine the SSPs using data from our historical standalone sales, or, in instances where such information is not available (such as when we do not sell the product or service separately), we consider factors such as the stated contract prices, our overall pricing practices and objectives, go-to-market strategy, size and type of the transactions, and effects of the geographic area on pricing, among others. When the selling price of a product or service is highly variable, we may use the residual approach to determine the SSP of that product or service. Significant judgment may be required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation when it involves the consideration of many market conditions and entity-specific factors discussed above. 
 Significant judgment may be required to determine the timing of satisfaction of a performance obligation in certain professional services contracts with a fixed consideration, in which we measure progress using an input method based on labor hours expended. In order to estimate the total hours of the project, we make assumptions about labor utilization, efficiency of processes, the customer s specification and IT environment, among others. For certain complex projects, due to the risks and uncertainties inherent with the estimation process and factors relating to the assumptions, actual progress may differ due to the change in estimated total hours. Adjustments to estimates are made in the period in which the facts requiring such revisions become known and, accordingly, recognized revenues are subject to revisions as the contract progresses to completion. 
 Capitalized Commission Costs 
 We capitalize incremental commission fees paid as a result of obtaining customer contracts. Capitalized commission costs, which are recorded in other assets within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, were million and million at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Capitalized commission costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over ten years determined using a portfolio approach based on the transfer of goods or services to which the assets relate, taking into consideration both the initial and future contracts as we do not typically pay a commission on a contract renewal. The amortization costs are included in selling, general, and administrative expenses of our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. The amount of amortization was million, million, and million during the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There was impairment loss in relation to the costs capitalized. 
 We apply a practical expedient to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the assets that we otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. These costs are recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 12. 
 of compensation, not to exceed statutory limits. We also provide a company matching contribution. Investment in FICO common stock is not an option under this plan. Our contributions into all 401(k) plans, including former-acquired-company-sponsored plans that have since merged into the Fair Isaac Corporation 401(k) plan or have been frozen, totaled million, million and million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Employee Incentive Plans 
 We maintain various employee incentive plans for the benefit of eligible employees, including officers. The awards generally are based upon the achievement of certain financial and performance objectives subject to the discretion of management. For executive officers, such discretion is exercised by the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee of Company s Board of Directors. Total expenses under our employee incentive plans were million, million and million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 13. 
 restructuring charges incurred during fiscal 2023 or 2022. 
 During fiscal 2021, we incurred restructuring charges of million in employee separation costs due to the elimination of positions throughout the Company. Cash payments for all the employee separation costs were fully paid before the end of fiscal 2022. 
 
 14. 
 State Foreign Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) Total provision 
 The foreign provision was based on foreign pre-tax earnings of million, million and million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Current foreign tax expense related to foreign tax withholdings was million, million and million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Foreign withholding tax and related foreign tax credits are included in current tax expense above. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 Compensation benefits Operating lease liabilities Research and development costs Other assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Deferred commission ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets, net 
 Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods that the deferred tax assets will reverse, management believes it is more likely than not that we will realize the benefits of the deferred tax assets, net of the existing valuation allowance at September 30, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had available U.S. federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately million. The U.S. federal NOLs were acquired in connection with our acquisitions of Adeptra in fiscal 2012 and Infoglide in fiscal 2013. The U.S. federal NOL carryforward will expire at various dates beginning in fiscal 2024, if not utilized. Utilization of the U.S. federal NOL is subject to an annual limitation due to the change in ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. We had available an excess California state research credit of approximately million as of September 30, 2023. There was approximately million of foreign tax credit carryforwards as of September 30, 2023. The excess foreign tax credit can be carried forward for 10 years; however, based on enacted law and expected future usage, we have recorded a valuation allowance of million as of September 30, 2023. 
 to income before provision for income taxes for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 is shown below: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 (In thousands) Income tax provision at U.S. federal statutory rate State income taxes, net of U.S. federal benefit Foreign tax rate differential Research credits ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Excess tax benefits relating to share-based compensation ) ) GILTI, FDII, BEAT and FTC ) ) ) Other ) Recorded income tax provision 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 million of unremitted earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries. The Company has not provided deferred tax liabilities for foreign withholding taxes and certain state income taxes on the undistributed earnings and profits from certain non-U.S. subsidiaries that will be permanently reinvested outside the United States. In the event these earnings are later remitted to the U.S., any estimated withholding tax and state income tax due upon remittance of those earnings is expected to be immaterial to the income tax provision. For jurisdictions not permanently reinvested, the Company expects the net impact of any future repatriations to be immaterial to the Company s overall tax liability. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefit for Uncertain Tax Positions 
 We conduct business globally and, as a result, file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by taxing authorities. With a few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, local, or foreign income tax examinations for fiscal years prior to 2019. 
 Gross increases for tax positions in prior years Gross decreases for tax positions in prior years ) ) Gross increases based on tax positions related to the current year Decreases for settlements and payments ) ) Decreases due to statute expiration ) ) ) Gross unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
 We had million of total unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2023, including million of tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. Although the timing and outcome of audit settlements are uncertain, it is unlikely there will be a significant reduction of the uncertain tax benefits in the next twelve months. 
 We recognize interest expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties as part of the provision for income taxes in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. We recognize interest earned related to income tax matters as interest income in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. As of September 30, 2023, we had accrued interest of million related to the unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 15. 
 shares of our common stock, plus additional shares that become available due to the expiration, forfeiture or cancellation of awards outstanding under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Under the terms of the 2021 Plan, the pool of shares available for issuance may be used for all types of equity awards available under the 2021 Plan, which include stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, stock unit awards and other share-based awards. All employees, consultants and advisors of FICO or any subsidiary, as well as all non-employee directors, are eligible to receive awards under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan will remain in effect until the earliest of the following: all shares subject to the Plan are distributed, the Board terminates the Plan, or the tenth anniversary of the effective date of the Plan. 
 Stock option awards have a maximum term of . In general, stock option awards and stock unit awards not subject to market or performance conditions vest annually over . Stock unit awards subject to market or performance conditions generally vest annually over based on the achievement of specified criteria. At September 30, 2023, there were shares available for issuance as new awards under the 2021 Plan. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 shares of our common stock to eligible employees. Eligible employees may elect to have up to of their eligible pay withheld through payroll deductions to purchase FICO common stock during semi-annual offering periods. The purchase price of the stock is of the closing sales price of FICO common stock on the last trading day of each offering period. Offering period means approximately six -month periods commencing (a) on the first trading day on or after September 1 and terminating on the last trading day in the following February, and (b) on the first trading day on or after March 1 and terminating on the last trading day in the following August. At September 30, 2023, there were shares available for issuance under the 2019 Purchase Plan. 
 We satisfy stock option exercises, vesting of stock units and the 2019 Purchase Plan issuances from treasury shares. 
 Share-Based Compensation Expense and Related Income Tax Benefits 
 We recorded share-based compensation expense of million, million and million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total tax benefit related to this share-based compensation expense was million, million and million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under all equity compensation plans. Total unrecognized compensation cost will be adjusted for future changes in estimated forfeitures. We expect to recognize that cost over a weighted-average period of years. 
 In fiscal 2023 we received million in cash from stock option exercises, with the tax benefit realized for the tax deductions from these exercises of million. 
 Share-Based Activity 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The fair value of restricted stock units RSUs granted is the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant, adjusted for the expected dividend yield, if applicable. We amortize the fair value on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 
 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2023 
 The weighted-average fair value of the RSUs granted was , and during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total intrinsic value of the RSUs that vested was million, million and million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, determined as of the date of vesting. 
 Performance Share Units 
 Performance share units PSUs are granted to our senior officers and earned based on pre-established performance goals approved by the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors for any given performance period. The range of payout is to of the number of target PSUs, based on the outcome of the performance conditions. We estimate the fair value of the PSUs using the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant, adjusted for the expected dividend yield if applicable, based on the performance condition that is probable of achievement. We amortize the fair values over the requisite service period for each vesting tranche of the award. We reassess the probability at each reporting period and recognize the cumulative effect of the change in estimate in the period of change. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2023 
 The weighted-average fair value of the PSUs granted was , and during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total intrinsic value of the PSUs that vested was million, million and million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, determined as of the date of vesting. 
 Market Share Units 
 Market share units MSUs are granted to our senior officers and earned based on our total stockholder return relative to the Russell 3000 Index over performance periods of one , two and . We estimate the fair value of MSUs granted using the Monte Carlo valuation model and amortize the fair values over the requisite service period for each vesting tranche of the award. In addition, we do not reverse the compensation cost solely because the market condition is not satisfied, and the award is therefore not earned by the employee, provided the requisite service is rendered. 
 Expected volatility in Russell 3000 Index Correlation between FICO and the Russell 3000 Index 
 Risk-free interest rate Average expected dividend yield 
 The expected volatility was determined based on daily historical movements in our stock price and the Russell 3000 Index for the preceding the grant date. The correlation between FICO and the Russell 3000 Index was determined based on historical daily stock price movements for the preceding the grant date. The risk-free rate was determined based on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yields over the performance period. Because we have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since May 2017, and we do not presently plan to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, we used an expected dividend yield of zero. 
 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2023 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 , and during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total intrinsic value of the MSUs that vested was million, million and million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, determined as of the date of vesting. 
 Stock Options 
 We estimate the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option valuation model and we amortize the fair value on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 
 Expected volatility (range) - - - Weighted-average volatility Risk-free interest rate (range) - - - Weighted-average expected dividend yield 
 Expected Term. The expected term represents the period that our stock options are expected to be outstanding. We estimate the expected term based on historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms of the share-based awards, vesting schedules and expectations of future employee behavior. 
 Expected Volatility. We estimate the volatility of our common stock at the date of grant based on a combination of the implied volatility of publicly traded options on our common stock and our historical volatility rate. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on observed interest rates appropriate for the term of our employee options. 
 Dividends. We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since May 2017, and we do not presently plan to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, we used an expected dividend yield of zero in the years presented. 
 Forfeitures. We use historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record share-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2023 Exercisable at September 30, 2023 Vested or expected to vest at September 30, 2023 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 , and during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding at September 30, 2023 was calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying options and the market price of our common stock for the outstanding options that had exercise prices lower than the market price of our common stock at September 30, 2023. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million and million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, determined as of the date of exercise. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 discount offered to participants. A total of , , and shares of our common stock were issued under the 2019 Purchase Plan during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted-average purchase price was , , and per share for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 16. 
 Denominator share: Basic weighted-average shares Effect of dilutive securities Diluted weighted-average shares Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 The computation of diluted EPS excluded options to purchase approximately , , and shares of common stock for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, because the exercise prices of the options exceeded the average market price of our common stock in these fiscal years and their inclusion would be antidilutive. 
 
 17. 
 reportable segments: Scores and Software. Although we sell solutions and services into a large number of end user product and industry markets, our reportable business segments reflect the primary method in which management organizes and evaluates internal financial information to make operating decisions and assess performance. 
 Scores. This segment includes our business-to-business B2B scoring solutions and services which give our clients access to predictive credit and other scores that can be easily integrated into their transaction streams and decision-making processes. This segment also includes our business-to-consumer B2C scoring solutions, including our myFICO.com subscription offerings. 
 Software. This segment includes pre-configured analytic and decision management solutions designed for a specific type of business need or process such as account origination, customer management, customer engagement, fraud detection, and marketing as well as associated professional services. This segment also includes FICO Platform, a modular software offering designed to support advanced analytic and decision use cases, as well as stand-alone analytic and decisioning software that can be configured by our customers to address a wide variety of business use cases. These offerings are available to our customers as SaaS or as on-premises software. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 Professional services Scores Total segment revenues Segment operating expense ) ) ) ) Segment operating income ) Unallocated share-based compensation expense ) Unallocated amortization expense ) Unallocated gain on product line asset sale Operating income Unallocated interest expense, net ) Unallocated other income, net Income before income taxes Depreciation expense 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 Professional services Scores Total segment revenues Segment operating expense ) ) ) ) Segment operating income ) Unallocated share-based compensation expense ) Unallocated amortization expense ) Operating income Unallocated interest expense, net ) Unallocated other expense, net ) Income before income taxes Depreciation expense 

Year Ended September 30, 2021 Scores Software Unallocated Corporate Expenses Total (In thousands) Segment revenues: On-premises and SaaS software Professional services Scores Total segment revenues Segment operating expense ) ) ) ) Segment operating income ) Unallocated share-based compensation expense ) Unallocated amortization expense ) Unallocated restructuring charges ) Unallocated gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture Operating income Unallocated interest expense, net ) Unallocated other income, net Income before income taxes Depreciation expense 

79 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

18. 
 months, the related lease assets and liabilities are recognized on our consolidated balance sheets as operating leases at the commencement of an agreement where it is determined that a lease exists. We have lease agreements that contain both lease and non-lease components, and we have elected to combine these components together and account for them as a single lease component for all classes of assets. Leases with a lease term of months or less are not recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. Furthermore, we recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 Liabilities Current operating leases Other accrued liabilities Non-current operating leases Operating lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) Total lease cost 
 The following table presents weighted-average remaining lease term and weighted-average discount rates related to our operating leases: 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 Weighted-average discount rate 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to our operating leases was as follows: Year Ended September 30, 2023 2022 2021 (In thousands) Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Lease assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total future undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total reported lease liability 
 The amounts above do not include contractual sublease income totaling million, million, million, and million during fiscal 2024, 2025, 2026, and 2027, respectively. 
 
 19. 
 of our executives providing for certain payments and other benefits in the event of a qualified change in control of FICO, coupled with a termination of the officer during the following year. 
 
 20. 
 a material exposure, either individually or in the aggregate. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

 21. 
 
 days following delivery of our products. We have not incurred significant obligations under customer indemnification or warranty provisions historically and do not expect to incur significant obligations in the future. Accordingly, we do not maintain accruals for potential customer indemnification or warranty-related obligations. The indemnification agreements that we have executed with certain of our officers and directors would require us to indemnify such officers and directors in certain instances. We have not incurred obligations under these indemnification agreements historically and do not expect to incur significant obligations in the future. Accordingly, we do not maintain accruals for potential officer or director indemnification obligations. The maximum potential amount of future payments that we could be required to make under the indemnification provisions in our customer license and service agreements, and officer and director agreements is unlimited. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of FICO s management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of FICO s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that FICO s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2023 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by FICO in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, allowing timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 No change in FICO s internal control over financial reporting was identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, FICO s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023 based on the guidelines established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2023. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has also audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, as stated in their attestation report included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023 , none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) , modified or any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The required information regarding our Directors is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Our Director Nominees in our 2024 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2023. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Our executive officers as of October 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 Name Positions Held Age William J. Lansing January 2012 - present, Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors of the Company. February 2009-November 2010, Chief Executive Officer and President, Infospace, Inc. 2004-2007, Chief Executive Officer and President, ValueVision Media, Inc. 2001-2003, General Partner, General Atlantic LLC. 2000-2001, Chief Executive Officer, NBC Internet, Inc. 1998-2000, President/Chief Executive Officer, Fingerhut Companies, Inc. 1996-1998, Vice President, Corporate Business Development, General Electric Company. 1996, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Prodigy, Inc. 1986-1995, various positions, McKinsey Company, Inc. 65 Steven P. Weber May 2023 present, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. January 2023 May 2023, Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company. March 2021 January 2023, Vice President, Treasurer, Tax and Investor Relations of the Company. November 2010 March 2021, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer of the Company. April 2003 November 2010, various positions with the Company. September 2001 April 2003, Senior Financial Analyst, Metris Companies. 1990 2001, various positions, Foodservice News. 60 Nikhil Behl August 2023 present, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer of the Company. April 2014 August 2023, Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer of the Company. October 2013 April 2014, Consultant to the Company. February 2012 October 2013, Chief Executive Officer of Supplizer. August 2011 January 2012, Chief Executive Officer of Zoostores.com. July 2010 August 2011, Chief Executive Officer Mercantila Business Unit of Infospace. 2007 2010, Chief Merchandising Officer of Mercantila. 1995 June 2007, various positions, including VP Sales Operations and VP Sales Customer Service, Home Home Office Store of Hewlett Packard. 49 Thomas A. Bowers August 2020-present, Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy of the Company. September 2019-August 2020, Vice President, Business Consulting of the Company. April 2018-September 2019, Founder and Managing Partner, M Cubed Development, LLC. August 2012-March 2018, Executive Vice President, American Savings Bank. 1987-2012, Senior partner and various positions, McKinsey Company, Inc. 68 Stephanie Covert January 2022 - present, Executive Vice President, Software of the Company. October 2020-January 2022, Executive Vice President, Sales Marketing of the Company. June 2016-October 2020, Vice President, Global Sales Operations of the Company. December 2015-May 2016, Vice President, Solution Success of the Company. June 2015-December 2015, Senior Director, Solution Success, Americas EMEA of the Company. May 2014-June 2015, Senior Director, Solution Success, Americas of the Company. March 2013-May 2014, Senior Director, Sales Operations, Apttus. March 2012-March 2013, Sales Operations Director, Oracle Corporation. June 2007-March 2012, various positions, RightNow Technologies, Inc. 44 Richard S. Deal November 2015 - present, Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company. August 2007-November 2015, Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company. January 2001-August 2007, Vice President, Human Resources of the Company. 1998-2001, Vice President, Human Resources, Arcadia Financial, Ltd. 1993-1998, managed broad range of human resources corporate and line consulting functions with U.S. Bancorp. 56 Michael S. Leonard November 2011 - present, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer of the Company. November 2007-November 2011, Senior Director, Finance of the Company. July 2000-November 2007, Director, Finance of the Company. 1998-2000, Controller of Natural Alternatives International, Inc. 1994-1998, various audit staff positions at KPMG LLP. 58 Mark R. Scadina February 2009 - present, Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company. June 2007-February 2009, Senior Vice President and General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company. 2003-2007, various senior positions including Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Liberate Technologies, Inc. 1999-2003, various leadership positions including Vice President and General Counsel, Intertrust Technologies Corporation. 1994-1999, Associate, Pennie and Edmonds LLP. 54 James M. Wehmann April 2012 - present, Executive Vice President, Scores of the Company. November 2003-March 2012, Vice President/Senior Vice President, Global Marketing, Digital River, Inc. March 2002-June 2003, Vice President, Marketing, Brylane, Inc. September 2000-March 2002, Senior Vice President, Marketing, New Customer Acquisition, Bank One. 1993-2000, various roles, including Senior Vice President, Marketing, Fingerhut Companies, Inc. 58 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as applicable, and regarding material changes, if any, to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to the Company s Board of Directors is incorporated by reference from the information in our 2024 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2023. 
 FICO has adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Management that applies to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and other employees performing similar functions who have been identified by the Chief Executive Officer. We have posted the Code of Ethics on our website located at www.fico.com. FICO intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or a waiver from, this Code of Ethics by posting such information on its website. FICO also has a Code of Conduct and Business Ethics applicable to all directors, officers and employees, which is also available at the website cited above. 
 The required information regarding the Company s audit committee is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Board Committees in our 2024 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2023. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Director Compensation for Fiscal 2023 and Executive Compensation in our 2024 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2023. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Executive Compensation Plan Information in our 2024 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2023. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Persons Transactions in our 2024 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2023. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our 2024 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2023. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Reference Page Form 10-K Report of independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB ID: 
 48 
 Consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 51 
 Consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 52 
 Consolidated statements of stockholders equity (deficit) for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 53 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 54 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 55 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted as the required information is not applicable or as the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 3. Exhibits: 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 3.1 Bylaws of Fair Isaac Corporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2009.) 
 3.2 Composite Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Fair Isaac Corporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2009.) 
 4.1 Description of Securities of Registrant Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019.) 
 10.1 Indenture, dated as of May 8, 2018, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, which includes the form of 5.25 Senior Notes due 2026. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2018.) 
 10.2 Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2019, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, which includes the form of 4.00 Senior Notes due 2028. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2019.) 
 10.3 Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 17, 2021 by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, which includes the form of 4.00 Senior Notes due 2028. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed December 17, 2021). 
 10.4 Fair Isaac Supplemental Retirement and Savings Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008.) (1) 
 10.5 Form of Indemnity Agreement entered into by the Company with the Company s directors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2002.) (1) 
 10.6 Form of Management Agreement entered into with each of the Company s executive officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2012.) (1) 
 10.7 Form of Amendment to Management Agreement entered into with certain of the Company s executive officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2014.) (1) 
 10.8 Form of Amendment to Management Agreement entered into with each of the Company s executive officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016.) (1) 
 10.9 Offer Letter entered into on May 29, 2007 with Mark R. Scadina. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008.) (1) 
 10.10 Letter Agreement dated January 24, 2012 by and between the Company and William J. Lansing. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2012.) (1) 
 10.11 Letter Agreement dated February 6, 2012 by and between the Company and Mark Scadina. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2012.) (1) 
 10.12 Letter Agreement dated March 7, 2012 by and between the Company and James M. Wehmann. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.13 Form of Amendment to Letter Agreement entered into with each of the Company s executive officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016.) (1) 
 10.14 Fair Isaac Corporation 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended as of March 4, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020.) (1) 
 10.15 Form of Employee Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (U.S.) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.16 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S.) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.17 Form of Employee Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (International) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 10.18 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (International) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.19 Form of Employee Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.20 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.21 Form of Executive Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.22 Form of Executive Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (U.S.), as amended November 6, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.) (1) 
 10.23 Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.24 Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (U.S.), as amended November 8, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.) (1) 
 10.25 Form of Employee Non Statutory Stock Option Agreement (International) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.26 Form of Employee Non Statutory Stock Option Agreement (United Kingdom) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.27 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (International) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.28 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (United Kingdom) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.29 Form of Director Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.30 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference by Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.31 Form of Director Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017.) (1) 
 10.32 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017.) (1) 
 10.33 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (fiscal 2017 grants) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.34 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement (fiscal 2018) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2017.) (1) 
 10.35 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.) (1) 
 10.36 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2019.) (1) 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 10.37 Form of Market Share Unit Award Agreement (fiscal 2016 grants) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2015.) (1) 
 10.38 Form of Market Share Unit Agreement (fiscal 2017 grants) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.39 Form of Market Share Unit Agreement (fiscal 2018 grants) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2017.) (1) 
 10.40 Form of Market Share Unit Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.) (1) 
 10.41 Letter Agreement dated August 3, 2019 by and between the Company and Michael I. McLaughlin. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2019.) (1) 
 10.42 Fair Isaac Corporation 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed March 4, 2019.) (1) 
 10.43 Transition Agreement dated August 26, 2020 by and between the Company and Wayne Huyard. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2020.) (1) 
 10.44 Letter Agreement dated August 26, 2020 by and between the Company and Stephanie Covert . (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020.) (1) 
 10.45 Letter Agreement dated August 26, 2020 by and between the Company and Thomas A. Bowers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020.) (1) 
 10.46 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among the Company, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as sole lead arranger and bookrunner, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent dated as of August 19, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2021). 
 10.47 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among the Company, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, dated as of October 20, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2021). 
 10.48 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among the Company, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, dated as of November 3, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022). 
 10.49 Fair Isaac Corporation 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on March 3, 2021) (1). 
 10.50 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) (1). 
 10.51 Form of Director Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) (1). 
 10.52 Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S.) under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) (1). 
 10.53 Form of Executive Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (U.S.) under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) (1). 
 10.54 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021) (1) 
 10.55 Form of Market Share Unit Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021) (1). 
 10.56 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its executive officers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023) (1). 
 10.57 Letter Agreement, effective May 15, 2023, by and between the Company and Steven P. Weber (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2023) (1). 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 10.58 Market Share Unit Agreement, dated June 5, 2023, by and between the Company and William J. Lansing (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2023) (1). 
 10.59 Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement, dated June 5, 2023, by and between the Company and William J. Lansing (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2023) (1). 
 10.60 Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S.) under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (for Executive Vice Presidents and above) (1). 
 10.61 Form of Executive Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (U.S.) under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (for Executive Vice Presidents and above) (1). 
 10.62 Form of Executive Performance Share Unit Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (for Executive Vice Presidents and above) (1). 
 10.63 Form of Executive Market Share Unit Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (for Executive Vice Presidents and above) (1). 
 10.64 Letter Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2023, by and between the Company and Nikhil Behl (1). 
 21.1 List of Company s subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of CEO. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of CFO. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of CEO. 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of CFO. 
 97.1 Compensation Recovery Policy (1). 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 (1) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION By /s/ STEVEN P. WEBER Steven P. Weber Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 DATE: November 8, 2023 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Steven P. Weber his or her attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ WILLIAM J. LANSING Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director November 8, 2023 William J. Lansing /s/ STEVEN P. WEBER Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 8, 2023 Steven P. Weber /s/ MICHAEL S. LEONARD Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) November 8, 2023 Michael S. Leonard /s/ FABIOLA R. ARREDONDO Director November 8, 2023 Fabiola R. Arredondo /s/ BRADEN R. KELLY Director November 8, 2023 Braden R. Kelly /s/ JAMES D. KIRSNER Director November 8, 2023 James D. Kirsner /s/ EVA MANOLIS Director November 8, 2023 Eva Manolis /s/ MARC F. MCMORRIS Director November 8, 2023 Marc F. McMorris /s/ JOANNA REES Director November 8, 2023 Joanna Rees /s/ DAVID A. REY Director November 8, 2023 David A. Rey /s/ H. TAYLOE STANSBURY Director November 8, 2023 H. Tayloe Stansbury 

93 

<EX-10.60>
 2
 ex1060-2021ltipexecrsuagre.htm
 EX-10.60 RSU FY23

Document 
 Exhibit 10.60 

Fair Isaac Corporation 
 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S.) 
 
 Terms and Conditions 1 
 
 1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . The Company hereby grants to you, subject to the terms and conditions in this Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, an Award of the number of Stock Units (the Units specified on the cover page of this Agreement. Each Unit represents the right to receive one Share and will be credited to an account in your name maintained by the Company or its agent. This account shall be unfunded and maintained for book-keeping purposes only, with the Units simply representing an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 
 2. Restrictions on Units . Neither this Award nor the Units subject to this Award may be sold, assigned, transferred, exchanged or encumbered other than by a transfer upon your death in accordance with your will, by the applicable laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a beneficiary designation submitted in accordance with Section 6(d) of the Plan (to the extent such designation is valid under applicable law). Any attempted transfer in violation of this Section 2 shall be of no effect and may result in the forfeiture of all Units. The Units and your right to receive Shares in settlement of the Units under this Agreement shall be subject to forfeiture as provided in Section 4 of this Agreement until satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement. 
 
 3. Vesting of Units . 
 
 (a) Scheduled Vesting . If you remain a Service Provider to the Company or any of its Affiliates continuously from the Grant Date specified on the cover page of this Agreement, then the Units will vest in the numbers and on the dates specified in the vesting schedule on the cover page of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Continued Vesting . Notwithstanding Section 3(a), vesting of the Units will continue in accordance with the vesting schedule specified on the cover page of this Agreement if your Service to the Company or any Affiliate terminates because of your Retirement and the following conditions are satisfied (i) you commenced discussions with the Company s Chief Executive Officer or most senior human resources executive regarding your retirement from Service at least 12 full months prior to the date your Service terminates (the Retirement Date and (ii) during the period beginning on your Retirement Date and ending on the final day of the vesting schedule specified on the cover page, you (a) continue to be available to provide Service as requested and (b) do not become employed by or otherwise provide paid services to any other entity or organization provided, however, that you may be permitted to serve as an independent director on the board of directors for one or more entities that are not competitive with the Company s business so long as any such service as an independent director is reviewed and approved in advance by the Committee. For the avoidance of doubt, if you fail to comply with the conditions in this Section 3(b), you will forfeit all unvested Units. 
 
 To the extent any capitalized term used in this Agreement is not defined, it has the meaning assigned to it in the Plan as the Plan currently exists or as it is amended in the future. 

For purposes of this Award, Retirement means the termination of your employment when (i) you (A) are age 55 or older, (B) have at least five years of continuous Service as an employee (which must be immediately preceding the date of termination) and (C) have served at least five cumulative years as an Executive Vice President (or higher level) of the Company (while both (B) and (C) must be satisfied, periods of time served as an Executive Vice President (or higher level) under (C) may also be counted toward the five years of continuous Service requirement under (B)), and (ii) the sum of your age as of the date of your termination plus your years of Service as an employee equals at least 75. Any Units that vest pursuant to this Section 3(b) shall be paid to you not later than 74 days after the applicable vesting date of the Units as specified on the cover page of this Agreement. 
 
 (c) Accelerated Vesting . Vesting of the Units will be accelerated if your Service to the Company or any Affiliate terminates because of your death or Disability, as provided in Section 6(e)(2) of the Plan. Vesting will also be accelerated under the circumstances described in Section 12(d) of the Plan and may be accelerated by action of the Committee in accordance with Sections 3(b)(2), 12(b)(3) and 12(c) of the Plan. Vesting may also be accelerated upon the occurrence of events and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in any other written agreement you have with the Company. 
 
 4. Service Requirement . Except as otherwise provided in accordance with Sections 3(b) or 3(c) of this Agreement, if you cease to be a Service Provider to the Company or any of its Affiliates prior to the vesting date(s) specified on the cover page of this Agreement, you will forfeit all unvested Units. 
 
 5. Leave of Absence . Your Service will be deemed continuing while you are on a leave of absence approved by the Company in writing or guaranteed by applicable law or other written agreement you have entered into with the Company (an Approved Leave ). If you do not resume providing Service to the Company or any Affiliate following your Approved Leave, your Service will be deemed to have terminated upon the expiration of the Approved Leave. 
 
 6. Settlement of Units . After any Units vest pursuant to Sections 3(a) or 3(c) of this Agreement, the Company shall, as soon as practicable (but in any event within the period specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) to qualify for a short-term deferral exception to Section 409A of the Code), cause to be issued and delivered to you, or to your validly designated beneficiary or estate in the event of your death, one Share in payment and settlement of each vested Unit (the date of such issuance being the Settlement Date ). After any Units vest pursuant to Section 3(b) of this Agreement, the Company shall, as soon as practicable (but in any event within the period specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A 3(d)), cause to be issued and delivered to you, one Share in payment and settlement of each vested Unit. Delivery of the Shares shall be effected by the electronic delivery of the Shares to a brokerage account maintained for you at E TRADE or another broker designated by the Company, or by another method provided by the Company, and shall be subject to the tax withholding provisions of Section 7 of this Agreement and the compliance provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement. 
 
 7. Tax Consequences and Withholding . You acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by the Company, the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you (the Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company. You further acknowledge that the Company (a) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award or the Shares acquired pursuant to the 
 2 

Award, and (b) does not commit to and is under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company (or your employer, if different) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 Prior to the tax withholding event, you agree to make arrangements to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize the Company to satisfy any applicable withholding obligation for the Tax-Related Items through an automatic Share withholding procedure (the Share Withholding Method ). Under the Share Withholding Method, the Company or its agent will withhold, upon the tax withholding event, a portion of the Shares with a Fair Market Value (measured as of such date) sufficient to cover the Tax-Related Items provided, however, that the number of any Shares so withheld shall not exceed the number necessary to satisfy the Company s withholding obligation using the applicable minimum statutory withholding rate or such other rate as may be permitted under the Plan up to the maximum rate applicable in your jurisdiction. You will be deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 In the event the Committee determines that the Share Withholding Method would be problematic under applicable tax or securities laws or would result in materially adverse accounting consequences, you authorize the Company to collect the Tax-Related Items through, one of the following alternative methods 
 
 (a) the use of the proceeds from a next-day sale of the Shares issued to you, provided that (i) such sale is permissible under the Company s trading policies governing its securities, (ii) you make an irrevocable commitment, on or before a Settlement Date, to effect such sale of the Shares, and (iii) the transaction is not otherwise deemed to constitute a prohibited loan under Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 (b) delivery of your authorization to E TRADE (or another broker designated by the Company) to transfer to the Company from your account at such broker the amount of such Tax-Related Items 
 
 (c) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and or 
 
 (d) any other method approved by the Company and permitted under applicable law. 
 
 In the event of any over-withholding, you will have no entitlement to the over-withheld amount in Shares and such amounts will be refunded to you in cash in accordance with applicable law. 
 
 The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares, if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 8. No Shareholder Rights Before Settlement . The Units subject to this Award do not entitle you to any rights of a shareholder of the Company. You will not have any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company in connection with the grant of Units subject to 
 3 

this Award unless and until Shares are issued to you upon settlement of the Units as provided in Section 6 of this Agreement. 
 
 9. Discontinuance of Service . This Agreement does not give you a right to continued Service with the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any such Affiliate may terminate your Service at any time and otherwise deal with you without regard to the effect it may have upon you under this Agreement. 
 
 10. Governing Plan Document . This Agreement and the Award are subject to all the provisions of the Plan, and to all interpretations, rules and regulations which may, from time to time, be adopted and promulgated by the Committee pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 
 
 11. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. You understand and agree that you should consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 12. Choice of Law and Venue . This Award and Agreement will be interpreted and construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota, and all Participants agree to the exclusive venue and jurisdiction of the State and Federal Courts located in Hennepin County, Minnesota and waive any objection based on lack of jurisdiction or inconvenient forum. Any action relating to or arising out of this Plan must be commenced within one year after the cause of action accrued. This provision will not apply to Participants who primarily reside and work in California. 
 
 13. Binding Effect . This Agreement will be binding in all respects on your heirs, representatives, successors and assigns, and on the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 
 14. Compliance with Law . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an exemption from any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Shares, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares issuable upon settlement of the Units prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the shares under U.S. federal, state or foreign securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or of any other governmental regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state, federal or foreign governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. You understand that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Shares with the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, you agree that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Agreement without your consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to the issuance of the Shares. 
 
 15. Insider Trading Policy . You acknowledge that you are subject to the Company s insider trading policy as set forth in the Statement of Company Policy as to Trades in the Company s Securities By Company Personnel and Confidential Information and that you are responsible for ensuring compliance with the restrictions and requirements therein. 
 
 4 

16. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Award and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 17. Electronic Delivery and Participation . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 18. Section 409A of the Code . The Units as provided in this Agreement and any issuance of Shares or payment pursuant to this Agreement are intended to either be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code so as not to subject you to payment of any additional tax, penalty or interest imposed under Section 409A of the Code. The provisions of this Award shall be construed and interpreted to avoid the imputation of any such additional tax, penalty or interest under Section 409A of the Code yet preserve (to the nearest extent reasonably possible) the intended benefit payable to you. 
 
 19. Compensation Recovery Policy . To the extent that this Award is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or recoupment policy adopted by the Company, it will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or recoupment policy adopted by the Company (including, but not limited to, a policy adopted by the Company in response to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement). 
 
 20. Waiver . You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 
 
 21. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 
 By accepting this Award in the manner prescribed by the Company, you agree to all the terms and conditions described in this Agreement and in the Plan document. 

5 

</EX-10.60>

<EX-10.61>
 3
 ex1061-2021ltipexecnqsoagr.htm
 EX-10.61 NQ FY23

Document 
 Exhibit 10.61 

Fair Isaac Corporation 
 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Executive Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (U.S.) 
 
 Option Terms and Conditions 1 
 
 1. Grant of Stock Options . The Company hereby grants to you, subject to the terms and conditions in this Executive Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (the Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, an option to purchase the number of Shares specified on the cover page of this Agreement (the Option ). 
 
 2. Non-Statutory Stock Option . This Option is not intended to be an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and will be interpreted accordingly. 
 
 3. Vesting and Exercise Schedule . This Option will vest and become exercisable as to the portion of Shares and on the dates specified on the cover page to this Agreement, so long as you remain a Service Provider or you meet the conditions set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement. The vesting and exercise schedule is cumulative, meaning that to the extent the Option has not already been exercised and has not expired, terminated or been cancelled, you or the person otherwise entitled to exercise the Option as provided in this Agreement may at any time purchase all or any portion of the Shares that may then be purchased under that schedule. 
 
 Vesting and exercisability of this Option will be accelerated during the term of the Option if your Service to the Company or any Affiliate terminates because of your death or Disability, as provided in Section 6(e)(2) of the Plan. Vesting and exercisability will also be accelerated under the circumstances described in Section 12(d) of the Plan and may be accelerated (or, as applicable, waived) by action of the Committee in accordance with Sections 3(b)(2), 12(b)(2), 12(b)(3) and 12(c) of the Plan. Vesting and exercisability may also be accelerated upon the occurrence of events and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in any other written agreement you have with the Company. 
 
 4. Expiration . This Option will expire and will no longer be exercisable at 5 00 p.m. Central Time on the earliest of 
 
 (a) the expiration date specified on the cover page of this Agreement 
 
 (b) the expiration of any applicable period specified in Section 6(e) of the Plan during which this Option may be exercised after your termination of Service, except as set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement 
 
 (c) if the Committee has taken action to accelerate exercisability in accordance with Sections 3(b)(2), 12(b)(3) or 12(c) of the Plan, the expiration of any applicable exercise period specified by the Committee pursuant to such action 
 
 (d) the date (if any) fixed for cancellation of this Option pursuant to Section 12(b)(2) or 12(d) of the Plan or 
 
 To the extent any capitalized term used in this Agreement is not defined, it has the meaning assigned to it in the Plan as the Plan currently exists or as it is amended in the future. 

(e) the expiration of any applicable period specified in any other written agreement you have with the Company providing for accelerated vesting and exercisability. 
 
 5. Service Requirement . Except as otherwise provided in Section 6 of this Agreement or Section 6(e) of the Plan, and as may otherwise be provided by action of the Committee in accordance with Sections 12(b)(3) or 12(c) of the Plan, this Option may be exercised only while you continue to provide Service to the Company or an Affiliate as a Service Provider, and only if you have continuously provided such Service since the date this Option was granted. 
 
 6. Retirement . Notwithstanding Section 5 of this Agreement, vesting of this Option will continue in accordance with the vesting schedule specified on the cover page to this Agreement if your employment with the Company or any Affiliate terminates because of your Retirement and the following conditions are satisfied (a) you commenced discussions with the Company s Chief Executive Officer or most senior human resources executive regarding your retirement from employment at least 12 full months prior to the date your employment terminates (the Retirement Date and (b) during the period beginning on your Retirement Date and ending on the final day of the vesting schedule specified on the cover page, you (i) continue to be available to provide Service as requested and (ii) do not become employed by or otherwise provide paid services to any other entity or organization provided, however, that you may be permitted to serve as an independent director on the board of directors for one or more entities that are not competitive with the Company s business so long as any such service as an independent director is reviewed and approved in advance by the Committee. For the avoidance of doubt, if you fail to comply with the conditions in this Section 6, you will forfeit the unvested portion of this Option. Upon your retirement in accordance with the Retirement Conditions, this Option may be exercised only until the 12-month anniversary of the date that the final portion of this Option vests, as set forth in the vesting schedule on the cover page to this Agreement. 
 
 For purposes of this Option, Retirement means the termination of your employment when (1) you (A) are age 55 or older, (B) have at least five years of continuous Service as an employee (which must be immediately preceding the Retirement Date) and (C) have served at least five cumulative years as an Executive Vice President (or higher level) of the Company (while both (B) and (C) must be satisfied, periods of time served as an Executive Vice President (or higher level) under (C) may also be counted toward the five years of continuous Service requirement under (B)), and (2) the sum of your age as of the date of your termination plus your years of Service as an employee equals at least 75. 
 
 7. Leave of Absence . Your Service will be deemed continuing while you are on a leave of absence approved by the Company in writing or guaranteed by applicable law or other written agreement you have entered into with the Company (an Approved Leave ). If you do not resume providing Service following your Approved Leave, your Service will be deemed to have terminated upon the expiration of the Approved Leave. 
 
 8. Exercise of Option . Subject to Section 5 of this Agreement and to the Company s policies governing trading in its securities, the vested and exercisable portion of this Option may be exercised through use of the account maintained for you at E TRADE or another automated electronic platform approved by the Company or through delivery to the Company s Stock Administration office of written notification of exercise that states the number of Shares to be purchased and is signed or otherwise authenticated by the person exercising this Option. If the person exercising this Option is not the Optionee, he or she also must submit appropriate proof of his or her right to exercise this Option. 
 2 

9. Payment of Exercise Price . When you submit your notice of exercise pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, you must include payment of the exercise price of the Shares being purchased through one or a combination of the following methods 
 
 (a) your personal check, a cashier s check or money order 
 
 (b) to the extent permitted by law, a broker-assisted cashless exercise in which you irrevocably instruct a broker to deliver proceeds of a sale of all or a portion of the Shares for which the Option is being exercised to the Company in payment of the exercise price of such Shares, and, to the extent consistent with Section 10 of this Agreement, in payment of Tax-Related Items (as defined below) 
 
 (c) by delivery to the Company or its designated agent of unencumbered Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the exercise price of the Shares for which the Option is being exercised or 
 
 (d) by a reduction in the number of Shares to be delivered to you upon exercise, such number of Shares to be withheld having an aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the exercise price of the Shares for which the Option is being exercised. 
 
 However, if the Committee determines, in any given circumstance, that payment of the exercise price with Shares pursuant to subsection (c) above or by authorizing the Company to retain Shares pursuant to subsection (d) above is undesirable for any reason, you will not be permitted to pay any portion of the exercise price in that manner. Moreover, if the Committee determines that payment of the exercise price by one of the methods specified above is required or desirable for legal or administrative reasons, you will be required to pay the exercise price by such method. 
 
 10. Tax Consequences and Withholding . You acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by the Company, the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account, or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you (the Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company. You further acknowledge that the Company (a) makes no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Option, including but not limited, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option or subsequent sale of Shares acquired at exercise, and (b) does not commit to and is under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company (or your employer, if different) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make arrangements acceptable to the Company to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize the Company (or its agent), at its discretion, to satisfy any withholding obligation for the Tax-Related Items by one of the following methods 
 (i) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired at exercise of the Option either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) 
 3 

(ii) delivery of your authorization to E TRADE (or another broker designated by the Company) to transfer to the Company from your account at such broker the amount of such Tax-Related Items 
 (iii) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by the Company and or 
 (iv) any other method approved by the Company and permitted under applicable law. 
 Depending on the withholding method and to the extent permitted under the Plan and applicable law, the Company may withhold for Tax-Related Items by considering minimum statutory withholding rates or up to the maximum rate applicable in your jurisdiction. In the event of any over-withholding, you will have no entitlement to the over-withheld amount in Shares and such amounts will be refunded to you in cash in accordance with applicable law. 
 The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 11. Delivery of Shares . As soon as practicable after the Company receives the notice of exercise and exercise price provided for above and determines that all conditions to exercise and delivery of Shares, including the Tax-Related Items withholding provisions of Section 10 and the compliance provisions of Section 19 of this Agreement, have been satisfied, it will arrange for the delivery of the Shares being purchased. Delivery of the Shares shall be effected by the electronic delivery of the Shares to a brokerage account maintained for you at E TRADE (or another broker designated by the Company), or by another method provided by the Company. All Shares so issued will be fully paid and nonassessable. 
 
 12. Transfer of Option . During your lifetime, only you (or your guardian or legal representative in the event of legal incapacity) may exercise this Option except in the case of a transfer described below. You may not assign or transfer this Option other than (a) a transfer upon your death in accordance with your will, by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a beneficiary designation submitted in accordance with Section 6(d) of the Plan, (b) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, or (c) by gift to any family member (as defined in General Instruction A.1(a)(5) to Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933). Following any such transfer, this Option shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions that were applicable to this Option immediately prior to its transfer and may be exercised by such permitted transferee as and to the extent that this Option has become exercisable and has not terminated in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 
 13. No Shareholder Rights Before Delivery of Shares . Neither you nor any permitted transferee of this Option will have any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company with respect to any Shares subject to this Option until such Shares have been delivered to you or your permitted transferee pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement. No adjustments shall be made for dividends or other rights if the applicable record date occurs before such delivery has been effected, except as otherwise described in the Plan. 
 
 14. Discontinuance of Service . This Agreement does not give you a right to continued Service with the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any such Affiliate may terminate your Service at any time and otherwise deal with you without regard to the effect it may have upon you under this Agreement. 
 4 

15. Governing Plan Document . This Agreement and Option are subject to all the provisions of the Plan, and to all interpretations, rules and regulations which may, from time to time, be adopted and promulgated by the Committee pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 
 
 16. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. You understand and agree that you should consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 17. Choice of Law and Venue . This Option and Agreement will be interpreted and construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the laws of the State of Minnesota and you agree to the exclusive venue and jurisdiction of the State and Federal Courts located in Hennepin County, Minnesota and waive any objection based on lack of jurisdiction or inconvenient forum. Any action relating to or arising out of this Plan must be commenced within one year after the cause of action accrued. This provision will not apply to you if you primarily reside and work in California. 
 
 18. Binding Effect . This Agreement will be binding in all respects on your heirs, representatives, successors and assigns, and on the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 
 19. Compliance with Law . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an exemption from any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Shares, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares issuable upon exercise of the Option prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the shares under any U.S. federal, state or foreign securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or of any other governmental regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state, federal or foreign governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. You understand that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Shares with the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, you agree that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Agreement without your consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to the issuance of the Shares. 
 
 20. Insider Trading Policy . You acknowledge that you are subject to the Company s insider trading policy as set forth in the Statement of Company Policy as to Trades in the Company s Securities By Company Personnel and Confidential Information, and you are responsible for ensuring compliance with the restrictions and requirements therein. Further, you may be subject to U.S. insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws, which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares or rights to Shares (e.g., the Option) or rights linked to the value of Shares during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the U.S.). Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under the Company s insider trading policy. 
 
 5 

21. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Option and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 22. Electronic Delivery and Participation . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 23. Compensation Recovery Policy . To the extent that this Option is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or recoupment policy adopted by the Company, it will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or recoupment policy adopted by the Company (including, but not limited to, a policy adopted by the Company in response to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement). 
 
 24. Waiver . You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 
 
 25. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 

By accepting this Option in the manner prescribed by the Company, you agree to all the terms and conditions described in this Agreement and in the Plan document. 

PARTICIPANT 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 By Title 
 6 

</EX-10.61>

<EX-10.62>
 4
 ex1062-2021ltipexecpsuagre.htm
 EX-10.62 PSU FY23

Document 
 Exhibit 10.62 

Fair Isaac Corporation 
 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Executive Performance Share Unit Award Agreement 
 
 Grant Number PXXXXXX 
 
 This Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement ), dated December X, 20XX (the Grant Date ), is by and between XXX (the Participant ), and Fair Isaac Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ). Any term capitalized but not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Company s 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 
 In the exercise of its discretion to grant Awards under the Plan, the Committee has determined that the Participant should receive an Award of performance share units under the Plan. This Award is subject to the following terms and conditions 
 
 1. Grant of Performance Share Units . The Company hereby grants to the Participant an Award consisting of performance share units (the Units in an amount initially equal to the Target Number of Units specified on Appendix A to this Agreement. The number of Units that may actually be earned and become eligible to vest pursuant to this Award can be between 0 and 200 of the Target Number of Units, but may not exceed the Maximum Number of Units specified on Appendix A to this Agreement. Each Unit that is earned pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement and vests pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement represents the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement. The Award will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 
 2. Restrictions on Units . Neither this Award nor the Units subject to this Award may be sold, assigned, transferred, exchanged or encumbered other than a transfer upon death in accordance with the Participant s will, by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a beneficiary designation submitted by the Participant in accordance with Section 6(d) of the Plan. Any attempted transfer in violation of this Section 2 shall be of no effect and may result in the forfeiture of all Units. The Units and the Participant s right to receive Shares in settlement of the Units under this Agreement shall be subject to forfeiture as provided in this Agreement until satisfaction of the conditions for earning and vesting the Units as set forth in Section 3 and Section 4, respectively, of this Agreement. 
 
 3. Earned Units . Whether and to what degree the Units will be earned (the Earned Units during the period starting on October 1, 20XX and ending on September 30, 20XX (the Performance Period will be determined by whether and to what degree the Company has satisfied the applicable performance goal(s) for the Performance Period as set forth in Appendix A to this Agreement. Any Units that are not designated as Earned Units at the conclusion of the Performance Period in accordance with this Section 3 will be forfeited. 
 
 4. Vesting of Earned Units . Subject to Section 6 of this Agreement, if the Participant remains a Service Provider continuously from the Grant Date, then of the Earned Units will vest on each of December X, 20XX, December X, 20XX, and December X, 20XX. The period from October 1, 20XX through December X, 20XX is referred to as the Vesting Period. 

5. Service Requirement . Except as otherwise provided in accordance with Section 6 of this Agreement, if you cease to be a Service Provider prior to the vesting dates specified in Section 4 of this Agreement, you will forfeit all unvested Units. Your Service will be deemed continuing while you are on a leave of absence approved by the Company in writing or guaranteed by applicable law or other written agreement you have entered into with the Company (an Approved Leave ). If you do not resume providing Service to the Company or any Affiliate following your Approved Leave, your Service will be deemed to have terminated upon the expiration of the Approved Leave. 
 
 6. Effect of Termination of Service or Change in Control. 
 
 (a) Except as may be provided under the remainder of this Section 6, upon termination of Service during the Performance Period for any reason other than retirement in accordance with the Retirement Conditions, death or Disability, all Units will be immediately forfeited without consideration. 
 
 (b) Upon (i) termination of Service during the Performance Period due to death or Disability, the Target Number of Units subject to this Award will be deemed Earned Units and will vest in full upon such termination, or (ii) a Change in Control during the Performance Period as a result of which the Company does not survive as an operating company or survives only as a subsidiary of another entity (a Business Combination ), the Target Number of Units subject to this Award will be deemed Earned Units and will vest in full upon or immediately before, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the Business Combination. Any remaining Units that do not vest as provided in this Section 6(b) will be immediately forfeited without consideration. In connection with a Change in Control during the Performance Period that is not a Business Combination, the Committee may provide in its discretion that the Target Number of Units subject to this Award will be deemed Earned Units and will vest in full upon the occurrence of the Change in Control or upon the termination of the Participant s Service as an employee within 12 months following the Change in Control. 
 
 (c) Except as may be provided by the Committee pursuant to Section 6(d) or (e), upon termination of Service during the Vesting Period for any reason other than retirement in accordance with the Retirement Conditions, death or Disability, all Earned Units that have not vested will be immediately forfeited without consideration. 
 
 (d) Upon (i) termination of Service during the Vesting Period due to death or Disability, all Earned Units will vest in full upon such termination, or (ii) a Business Combination during the Vesting Period, all Earned Units will vest in full upon or immediately before, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the Business Combination. In connection with a Change in Control during the Vesting Period that is not a Business Combination, the Committee may provide in its discretion that all Earned Units will vest in full upon the occurrence of the Change in Control or upon the termination of the Participant s Service as an employee within 12 months following the Change in Control. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Units shall continue to be earned in accordance with Section 3 of this Agreement and vest over the Vesting Period in accordance with Section 4 of this Agreement if your Service to the Company or any Affiliate terminates because of your Retirement and the following conditions are satisfied (i) you commenced discussions with the Company s Chief Executive Officer or most senior human resources executive regarding your retirement from Service at least 12 full months prior to the date your Service terminates (the Retirement Date and (ii) during the period beginning on your Retirement Date and 
 2 

ending on the final day of the Vesting Period, you (a) continue to be available to provide Service as requested and (b) do not become employed by or otherwise provide paid services to any other entity or organization provided, however, that you may be permitted to serve as an independent director on a board of directors for an entity that are not competitive with the Company s business so long as any such service as an independent director is reviewed and approved in advance by the Committee. For the avoidance of doubt, if you fail to comply with the conditions in this Section 6(e), you will forfeit all unvested Earned Units. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Retirement means the termination of your employment when (i) you (A) are age 55 or older, (B) have at least five years of continuous Service as an employee (which must be immediately preceding the date of termination) and (C) have served at least five cumulative years as an Executive Vice President (or higher level) of the Company (while both (B) and (C) must be satisfied, periods of time served as an Executive Vice President (or higher level) under (C) may also be counted toward the five years of continuous Service requirement under (B)), and (ii) the sum of your age as of the date of your termination plus your years of Service as an employee equals at least 75. Any Units that vest pursuant to this Section 6(e) shall be paid to you not later than 74 days after the applicable vesting date of the Units as specified in Section 4 of this Agreement. 
 
 7. Settlement of Units . After any Units vest pursuant to Section 4 or Section 6 of this Agreement, the Company shall, as soon as practicable (but in any event within the period specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) to qualify for a short-term deferral exception to Section 409A of the Code), cause to be issued and delivered to the Participant, or to the Participant s designated beneficiary or estate in the event of the Participant s death, one Share in payment and settlement of each vested Unit (the date of each such issuance being a Settlement Date ). After any Units vest pursuant to Section 6(e) of this Agreement, the Company shall, as soon as practicable (but in any event within the period specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(d)), cause to be issued and delivered to you, one Share in payment and settlement of each vested Unit. Delivery of the Shares shall be effected by the electronic delivery of the Shares to a brokerage account maintained for the Participant at E TRADE (or another broker designated by the Company or the Participant), or by another method provided by the Company, and shall be subject to the tax withholding provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement and compliance with all applicable legal requirements, including compliance with the requirements of applicable federal and state securities laws, and shall be in complete satisfaction and settlement of such vested Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may provide that the settlement of any Earned Units that vest in accordance with Section 6(b)(ii) or 6(d)(ii) of this Agreement will be made in the amount and in the form of the consideration (whether stock, cash, other securities or property, or a combination thereof) to which a holder of a Share was entitled upon the consummation of the Business Combination (without interest thereon) (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares). 
 
 8. Tax Consequences and Withholding . As a condition precedent to the settlement of the Units, the Participant is required to make arrangements acceptable to the Company for payment of any federal, state or local withholding taxes that may be due as a result of the settlement of the Units Withholding Taxes ), in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan. 
 
 Until such time as the Company provides notice to the contrary, it will collect the Withholding Taxes through an automatic Share withholding procedure (the Share Withholding Method ), unless other arrangements acceptable to the Company have been made. Under such procedure, the Company or its agent will withhold, upon the tax 
 3 

withholding event, a portion of the Shares with a Fair Market Value (measured as of such date) sufficient to cover the amount of such taxes provided, however, that the number of any Shares so withheld shall not exceed the number necessary to satisfy the Company s required tax withholding obligations using the applicable minimum statutory withholding rate or such other rate as may be permitted under the Plan up to the maximum rate applicable in your jurisdiction. 
 
 In the event that the Committee determines that the Share Withholding Method would be problematic under applicable tax or securities laws or would result in materially adverse accounting consequences, you authorize the Company to collect Withholding Taxes through one of the following methods 
 
 (a) delivery of the Participant s authorization to E TRADE (or another broker designated by the Company or the Participant) to transfer to the Company from the Participant s account at such broker the amount of such Withholding Taxes 
 
 (b) the use of the proceeds from a next-day sale of the Shares issued to the Participant, provided that (i) such sale is permissible under the Company s trading policies governing its securities, (ii) the Participant makes an irrevocable commitment, on or before a Settlement Date, to effect such sale of the Shares, and (iii) the transaction is not otherwise deemed to constitute a prohibited loan under Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or 
 
 (c) any other method approved by the Company. 
 
 9. No Shareholder Rights . The Units subject to this Award do not entitle the Participant to any rights of a shareholder of the Company s common stock. The Participant will not have any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company in connection with the grant of Units subject to this Agreement unless and until Shares are issued to the Participant upon settlement of the Units as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement. 
 
 10. Governing Plan Document . This Agreement and the Award are subject to all the provisions of the Plan, and to all interpretations, rules and regulations which may, from time to time, be adopted and promulgated by the Committee pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 
 
 11. Choice of Law . This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced under the laws of the state of Minnesota (without regard to its conflicts or choice of law principles). 
 
 12. Binding Effect . This Agreement will be binding in all respects on the Participant s heirs, representatives, successors and assigns, and on the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 
 13. Discontinuance of Service . This Agreement does not give the Participant a right to continued Service with the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any such Affiliate may terminate the Participant s Service at any time and otherwise deal with the Participant without regard to the effect it may have upon the Participant under this Agreement. 
 
 14. Section 409A of the Code . The Units as provided in this Agreement and any issuance of Shares or payment pursuant to this Agreement are intended to either be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code so as not to subject you to payment of any additional tax, penalty or interest imposed under Section 409A of the Code. The 
 4 

provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted to avoid the imputation of any such additional tax, penalty or interest under Section 409A of the Code yet preserve (to the nearest extent reasonably possible) the intended benefit payable to you. 
 
 15. Compensation Recovery Policy . To the extent that this Award is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or recoupment policy adopted by the Company, it will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation , stock exchange listing requirement or recoupment policy adopted by the Company (including, but not limited to, a policy adopted by the Company in response to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement). 

By executing this Agreement, the Participant accepts this Award and agrees to all the terms and conditions described in this Agreement and in the Plan document. 

PARTICIPANT 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 By Title Executive Vice President, 
 General Counsel and Secretary 
 5 

</EX-10.62>

<EX-10.63>
 5
 ex1063-2021ltipexecmsuagre.htm
 EX-10.63 MSU FY23

Document 
 Exhibit 10.63 

Fair Isaac Corporation 
 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Executive Market Share Unit Agreement 
 
 Grant Number MXXXXXX 

This Market Share Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement ), dated December X, 20XX (the Grant Date ), is by and between XXX (the Participant ), and Fair Isaac Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ). Any term capitalized but not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Company s 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 
 
 In the exercise of its discretion to grant Awards under the Plan, the Committee has determined that the Participant should receive an Award of market share units under the Plan (the Units ). This Award is subject to the following terms and conditions 
 
 1. Grant of Market Share Units . The Company hereby grants to the Participant an Award consisting of Units (the Target Units ), subject to possible decrease to as few as 0 Units and to possible increase to as many as Units as provided by this Agreement. Each Unit that has been earned pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement and vests pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement represents the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement. The Award will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 
 2. Restrictions on Units . Neither this Award nor the Units subject to this Award may be sold, assigned, transferred, exchanged or encumbered other than a transfer upon death in accordance with the Participant s will, by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a beneficiary designation submitted by the Participant in accordance with Section 6(d) of the Plan. Any attempted transfer in violation of this Section 2 shall be of no effect and may result in the forfeiture of all Units. The Units and the Participant s right to receive Shares in settlement of the Units under this Agreement shall be subject to forfeiture as provided in this Agreement until satisfaction of the conditions for earning and vesting the Units as set forth in Section 3 and Section 4 of this Agreement, respectively. 
 
 3. Earned Units . Whether and to what degree the Units are earned will be determined by the relationship between the Company s total shareholder return performance relative to that of a benchmark index during three performance periods Performance Period 1 will start on December 1, 20XX and end on November 30, 20XX, Performance Period 2 will start on December 1, 20XX and end on November 30, 20XX, and Performance Period 3 will start on December 1, 20XX and end on November 30, 20XX (each, a Performance Period ). The Performance Periods may be adjusted under the circumstances and to the extent specified in Section 6(b) of this Agreement. 
 
 (a) The number of Units subject to this Award that will be deemed earned at the conclusion of Performance Period 1 (the Period 1 Earned Units will equal of the number of Target Units multiplied by the Relative Return Factor (calculated in accordance with Appendix A to this Agreement) applicable to Performance Period 1, rounded down to the nearest whole Unit in case of a fraction. 

(b) The number of Units subject to this Award that will be deemed earned at the conclusion of Performance Period 2 (the Period 2 Earned Units will equal of the number of Target Units multiplied by the Relative Return Factor applicable to Performance Period 2, rounded down to the nearest whole Unit in case of a fraction. 
 
 (c) The number of Units subject to this Award that will be deemed earned at the conclusion of Performance Period 3 (the Period 3 Earned Units will equal the number of Target Units multiplied by the Relative Return Factor applicable to Performance Period 3, rounded down to the nearest whole Unit in case of a fraction, minus the sum of the Period 1 Earned Units and the Period 2 Earned Units provided that if a negative number results from the calculation of Period 3 Earned Units, the number of Period 3 Earned Units will be deemed to be 0. 
 
 (d) Any Units that are not deemed to be Period 1 Earned Units, Period 2 Earned Units, or Period 3 Earned Units in accordance with this Section 3 will be forfeited without consideration. 
 
 4. Vesting of Earned Units . Subject to Section 6 of this Agreement, if the Participant remains a Service Provider continuously from the Grant Date, then all Period 1 Earned Units will vest as of December X, 20XX, all Period 2 Earned Units will vest as of December X, 20XX, and all Period 3 Earned Units will vest as of December X, 20XX. 
 
 5. Service Requirement . Except as otherwise provided in accordance with Section 6 of this Agreement, if you cease to be a Service Provider prior to the vesting dates specified in Section 4 of this Agreement, you will forfeit all unvested Units. Your Service will be deemed continuing while you are on a leave of absence approved by the Company in writing or guaranteed by applicable law or other written agreement you have entered into with the Company (an Approved Leave ). If you do not resume providing Service to the Company or any Affiliate following your Approved Leave, your Service will be deemed to have terminated upon the expiration of the Approved Leave. 
 
 6. Effect of Termination of Service or Change in Control. 
 
 (a) Except as provided under the remainder of this Section 6, upon termination of Service prior to the final vesting date, any unvested Units will be immediately forfeited without consideration. 
 
 (b) Upon a Change in Control as a result of which the Company does not survive as an operating company or survives only as a subsidiary of another entity (a Business Combination that is consummated before the end of Performance Period 3, the following provisions apply 
 
 (i) Each Performance Period during which the Business Combination occurs will be truncated so that it ends on the date the Business Combination is consummated (each, an Adjusted Performance Period ). 
 
 (ii) The number of Units deemed earned at the conclusion of each Adjusted Performance Period (the Adjusted Period Earned Units will be calculated as specified in Section 3(a), (b), or (c) of this Agreement, as applicable, using the modified calculation of the Relative Return Factor set forth in Appendix A . 
 
 (iii) A portion of the Adjusted Period Earned Units for each Adjusted Performance Period will vest in full upon or immediately before, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the Business Combination, with such portion determined by 
 2 

multiplying the number of Adjusted Period Earned Units for that Adjusted Performance Period by a fraction, the numerator of which equals the number of days contained in the Adjusted Performance Period and the denominator of which equals the number of days contained in the Performance Period without adjustment (the Accelerated Units ). 
 
 (iv) The number of Adjusted Period Earned Units in excess of the number of Accelerated Units for each Adjusted Performance Period (the Time-Based Units will vest ratably on the X th day of each month during the period beginning with the consummation of the Business Combination and ending on December X, 20XX, provided the Participant s Service as an employee with the acquiring or surviving entity in the Business Combination (or with any of its affiliated entities) continues without interruption. If the Participant experiences an involuntary termination of Service for reasons other than Cause during such vesting period, the Time-Based Units will vest in full. 
 
 (c) In connection with a Change in Control that is not a Business Combination and that is consummated before the end of Performance Period 3, the Committee may provide in its discretion that some or all of the unearned and unvested Units subject to this Award will be deemed earned and will vest in full upon the occurrence of the Change in Control or upon the termination of the Participant s Service as an employee within 12 months following the Change in Control. 
 
 (d) In connection with a Change in Control that is consummated after the end of Performance Period 3 but before December X, 20XX, the Period 3 Earned Units will vest in full upon the consummation of such a Change in Control. 
 
 (e) In connection with a termination of Service due to death or Disability before the end of Performance Period 3, a number of Units equal to the Target Units minus the sum of any vested Period 1 Earned Units and vested Period 2 Earned Units will vest in full upon such termination. In connection with a termination of Service due to death or Disability after the end of Performance Period 3 but before December X, 20XX, the Period 3 Earned Units will vest in full upon such termination. 
 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Units will continue to be earned and vest in accordance with Sections 3 and 4 of this Agreement if your Service to the Company or any Affiliate terminates because of your Retirement and the following conditions are satisfied (i) you commenced discussions with the Company s Chief Executive Officer or most senior human resources executive regarding your retirement from Service at least 12 full months prior to the date your Service terminates (the Retirement Date and (ii) during the period beginning on your Retirement Date and ending on the final day of the vesting periods set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement, you (a) continue to be available to provide Service as requested and (b) do not become employed by or otherwise provide paid services to any other entity or organization provided, however, that you may be permitted to serve as an independent director on the board of directors for one or more entities that are not competitive with the Company s business so long as any such service as an independent director is reviewed and approved in advance by the Committee. For the avoidance of doubt, if you fail to comply with the conditions in this Section 6(f), you will forfeit all unvested Earned Units. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Retirement means the termination of your employment when (a) you (I) are age 55 or older, (II) have at least five years of continuous Service as an employee (which must be immediately preceding the date of termination) and (III) have served at least five cumulative years as an Executive Vice 
 3 

President (or higher level) of the Company (while both (II) and (III) must be satisfied, periods of time served as an Executive Vice President (or higher level) under (III) may also be counted toward the five years of continuous Service requirement under (II)), and (b) the sum of your age as of the date of your termination plus your years of Service as an employee equals at least 75. Any Units that vest pursuant to this Section 6(f) shall be paid to you not later than 74 days after the applicable vesting date of the Units as specified in Section 4 of this Agreement. 
 
 7. Settlement of Units . After any Units vest pursuant to Section 4 or Section 6 of this Agreement, the Company shall, as soon as practicable (but in any event within the period specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) to qualify for a short-term deferral exception to Section 409A of the Code), cause to be issued and delivered to the Participant, or to the Participant s designated beneficiary or estate in the event of the Participant s death, one Share in payment and settlement of each vested Unit (the date of each such issuance being a Settlement Date ). After any Units vested pursuant to Section 6(f) of this Agreement, the Company shall, as soon as practicable (but in any event within the period specified in Treas. Reg. 1,409A-3(d)), cause to be issued and delivered to you, one Share in payment and settlement of each vested Unit. Delivery of the Shares shall be effected by the electronic delivery of the Shares to a brokerage account maintained for the Participant at E TRADE (or another broker designated by the Company or the Participant), or by another method provided by the Company, and shall be subject to the tax withholding provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement and compliance with all applicable legal requirements, including compliance with the requirements of applicable federal and state securities laws, and shall be in complete satisfaction and settlement of such vested Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the settlement of each Time-Based Unit that vests in accordance with Section 6(b)(iv) of this Agreement will be made in the amount and in the form of the consideration (whether stock, cash, other securities or property, or a combination thereof) to which a holder of a Share was entitled upon the consummation of the Business Combination (without interest thereon) (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares), and (ii) the Committee may provide for the settlement of Adjusted Period Earned Units that vest in accordance with Section 6(b)(iii) of this Agreement or for the settlement of Period 3 Earned Units that vest under the circumstances specified in Section 6(d) of this Agreement on the same basis as described in the preceding clause (i). 
 
 8. Tax Consequences and Withholding . As a condition precedent to the delivery of Shares in settlement of the Units, the Participant is required to make arrangements acceptable to the Company for payment of any federal, state or local withholding taxes that may be due as a result of the settlement of the Units Withholding Taxes ), in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan. 
 
 Until such time as the Company provides notice to the contrary, it will collect the Withholding Taxes through an automatic Share withholding procedure (the Share Withholding Method ), unless other arrangements acceptable to the Company have been made. Under such procedure, the Company or its agent will withhold, upon the tax withholding event, a portion of the Shares with a Fair Market Value (measured as of such date) sufficient to cover the amount of such taxes provided, however, that the number of any Shares so withheld shall not exceed the number necessary to satisfy the Company s required tax withholding obligations using the applicable minimum statutory withholding rate or such other rate as may be permitted under the Plan up to the maximum rate applicable in your jurisdiction. 
 
 4 

In the event that the Committee determines that the Share Withholding Method would be problematic under applicable tax or securities laws or would result in materially adverse accounting consequences, you authorize the Company to collect Withholding Taxes through one of the following methods 
 
 (a) delivery of the Participant s authorization to E TRADE (or another broker designated by the Company or the Participant) to transfer to the Company from the Participant s account at such broker the amount of such Withholding Taxes 
 
 (b) the use of the proceeds from a next-day sale of the Shares issued to the Participant, provided that (i) such sale is permissible under the Company s trading policies governing its securities, (ii) the Participant makes an irrevocable commitment, on or before a Settlement Date, to effect such sale of the Shares, and (iii) the transaction is not otherwise deemed to constitute a prohibited loan under Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or 
 
 (c) any other method approved by the Company. 
 
 9. No Shareholder Rights . The Units subject to this Award do not entitle the Participant to any rights of a shareholder of the Company s common stock. The Participant will not have any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company in connection with the grant of Units subject to this Agreement unless and until Shares are issued to the Participant upon settlement of the Units as provided in Section 7 of this Agreement. 
 
 10. Governing Plan Document . This Agreement and the Award are subject to all the provisions of the Plan, and to all interpretations, rules and regulations which may, from time to time, be adopted and promulgated by the Committee pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 
 
 11. Choice of Law . This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced under the laws of the state of Minnesota (without regard to its conflicts or choice of law principles). 
 
 12. Binding Effect . This Agreement will be binding in all respects on the Participant s heirs, representatives, successors and assigns, and on the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 
 13. Discontinuance of Service . This Agreement does not give the Participant a right to continued Service with the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any such Affiliate may terminate the Participant s Service at any time and otherwise deal with the Participant without regard to the effect it may have upon the Participant under this Agreement. 
 
 14. Section 409A of the Code . The Units as provided in this Agreement and any issuance of Shares or payment pursuant to this Agreement are intended to either be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code so as not to subject you to payment of any additional tax, penalty or interest imposed under Section 409A of the Code. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted to avoid the imputation of any such additional tax, penalty or interest under Section 409A of the Code yet preserve (to the nearest extent reasonably possible) the intended benefit payable to you. 
 
 15. Compensation Recovery Policy . To the extent that this Award is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or recoupment policy adopted by the Company, it will be subject to such deductions and clawback as 
 5 

may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or recoupment policy adopted by the Company (including, but not limited to, a policy adopted by the Company in response to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement). 
 
 By executing this Agreement, the Participant accepts this Award and agrees to all the terms and conditions described in this Agreement and in the Plan document. 

PARTICIPANT 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 By Title Executive Vice President, 
 General Counsel and Secretary 

6 

</EX-10.63>

<EX-10.64>
 6
 ex1064-letteragreementwith.htm
 EX-10.64 NIKHIL FY23

Document 

Exhibit 10.64 

August 22, 2023 

Nikhil Behl 
 1115 N Lemon Ave 
 Menlo Park, CA 94025 
 
 Dear Nikhil 
 
 This letter agreement (the Agreement confirms our desire to appoint you to the position of Executive Vice President-Chief Marketing Officer of Fair Isaac Corporation (the Company ), and sets out the terms and conditions of your employment with the Company, as follows 
 
 Title You will serve as the Company s Executive Vice President-Chief Marketing Officer. 
 
 Term The term of your employment as the Company s Executive Vice President-Chief Marketing Officer, under the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be for a period commencing on August 22, 2023 (the Appointment Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2026 (the Initial Term ), unless earlier terminated by either party as provided in this Agreement. Following the Initial Term, your employment with the Company under the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for successive one-year periods (each a Renewal Term on January 1 of each year, unless the Company elects not to extend the Term providing you with written notice at least one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term thereof. The period of your employment with the Company under the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including during the Initial Term and any Renewal Term) is referred to as the Term. 
 
 Responsibilities During your employment hereunder with the Company as Executive Vice President-Chief Marketing Officer, you will report to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and will be responsible for overseeing corporate branding, customer lead generation and qualification, portfolio marketing, digital website development and maintenance, corporate and customer events planning, public and government relations, corporate communications and other functions to which you may be assigned from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer or his or her designee. You agree to serve the Company faithfully and to the best of your ability, and to devote your full working time, attention and efforts to the business of the Company. You may participate in charitable activities and personal investment activities to a reasonable extent, and you may serve as a director of business and civic organizations (and retain compensation from same) as approved by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), so long as such activities and directorships do not interfere with the performance of your duties and responsibilities to the Company. 

Representation By accepting your continued employment with the Company under this Agreement and signing below, you represent and confirm that you are under no contractual or legal commitments that would prevent you from fulfilling your duties and responsibilities to the Company as Executive Vice President-Chief Marketing Officer. 
 
 Initial Base Salary During the Term, you will be paid a base salary at the rate of 330,000 per year for services performed, in accordance with the regular payroll practices of the Company with annual review by the Board s Leadership Development and Compensation Committee (the Committee ). Your performance and base salary will be reviewed by the Committee annually during the first quarter of each fiscal year and may be adjusted upward from time to time at the discretion of the Committee, but will not be reduced without your consent during the Term. After any such increase, the reference to base salary in this Agreement shall mean such increased amount. 
 
 Incentive Bonus You will continue to participate in the Company s Management Incentive Plan, as may be amended by the Committee from time to time (the MIP ). Under the MIP, for each full fiscal year of the Company that you are employed during the Term, you will be eligible for an annual incentive award opportunity payable from 0 to 100 , with a target award equal to 50 , of your annual base salary at the rate in effect at the end of such fiscal year, pursuant to the terms and conditions established by the Committee from time to time. Objectives will be established during the first quarter of each annual performance period. Any annual incentive bonus earned for a fiscal year will be paid to you by December 31 of the calendar year in which such fiscal year ends. 
 
 Annual Equity For each fiscal year of the Company that you are employed during the Term, you will be eligible for an annual equity grant based on achievement of objectives established by the Committee, and on such other terms established by the Committee in its sole discretion. In accordance with the policies and practices of the Company, some or all of such annual equity grant may be in the form of restricted stock units, performance share units, market share units or other equity that is an economic equivalent to an option award. Such equivalency will be determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 
 Benefits While employed by the Company during the Term, you (and your eligible dependents) will be continue to be eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans and programs generally available to other executive officers of the Company, and in such other employee benefit plans and programs to the extent that you meet the eligibility requirements for each individual plan or program and subject to the provisions, rules and regulations applicable to each such plan or program as in effect from time to time. The plans and programs of the Company may be modified or terminated by the Company in its discretion. 
 
 Travel and Other 
 Business Expenses In performing your responsibilities as Executive Vice President-Chief Marketing Officer, you will be required to travel extensively, both within the United States and internationally. The Company will reimburse you promptly for all travel and other business expenses incurred by you in connection with the performance of your duties for the Company, subject to the Company s normal business expense and travel policies and procedures. 
 
 Vacation During your employment with the Company, you will receive vacation time off in accordance with the policies and practices of the Company. Vacation time shall be taken at such times so as not to unduly disrupt the operations of the Company. 

Office Location Your employment will be based at the Company s offices located in San Jose, California, and you will continue to participate in the Company s Remote Work Policy or other policies governing work location flexibility. 
 
 Inventions Agreement You acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the enclosed Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement PIIA ), to be separately signed by you, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. This PIIA will replace the Fair Isaac Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement which you signed April 25, 2014. 
 
 Post-Employment 
 Restrictions 
 Agreement You acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the enclosed Post-Employment Restrictions Agreement PERA ), to be separately signed by you, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference. This PERA will replace the prior FICO Post-Employment Restrictions Agreement which you signed April 25, 2014. 
 
 Change in Control You and the Company will enter into the enclosed Management Agreement (the Management Agreement ), to be separately signed by you, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference (except that terms defined in the Management Agreement apply only to the use of such terms in the Management Agreement, and terms defined in this Agreement apply only to the use of such terms in this Agreement). This Management Agreement will replace the Management Agreement dated May 2, 2023. 
 
 Termination Either you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship during the Term or after the Term at any time and for any reason. Upon termination of your employment by either party for any reason, you will promptly resign any and all positions you then hold as officer or director of the Company or any of its affiliates. 
 Severance In case of involuntary termination of your employment by the Company without Cause prior to the end of the Initial Term or prior to the end of any Renewal Term then in effect or in the case of voluntary resignation of your employment for Good Reason prior to the end of the Initial Term or prior to the end of any Renewal Term then in effect (each a Qualifying Termination ), the Company will pay you as severance pay an amount equal to one (1) times the sum of (a) your annual base salary at the rate in effect on your last day of employment plus (b) the annual incentive bonus last paid to you preceding the Qualifying Termination. In addition, upon a Qualifying Termination, if you (and, if applicable, your eligible dependents), complete and return the forms necessary to elect COBRA continuation coverage to the COBRA administrator for the group health plan in which you participate at the time of your Qualifying Termination, then the Company will provide you and your eligible dependents with COBRA continuation coverage at no cost to you, for a period of twelve (12) months following the effective date of termination of your employment, provided you remain eligible for COBRA. This continuation coverage will be provided only with respect to your base medical, dental, vision and Employee Assistance Program coverage under the group health plan in which you receive COBRA continuation coverage (and in Minnesota only, this applies to basic life insurance coverage), and shall not apply to any medical expense reimbursement account, dental care plan, vision care plan, or other arrangement for which you may be entitled to COBRA continuation coverage. To the extent necessary in order for you to avoid being subject to tax under section 105(h) of the Code (as defined below) on any payment or reimbursement of group medical, dental or other group health care expenses made to you or for your benefit pursuant to this 

paragraph, the Company shall impute as taxable income to you an amount equal to the COBRA continuation coverage cost described above. 
 
 Payment by the Company of any severance pay or premium reimbursements under this paragraph will be conditioned upon you (1) signing and not revoking a full release of all claims against the Company, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents and assigns, substantially in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A , and delivering such signed release to the Company within the period specified in Exhibit A (2) complying with your obligations under the PIIA, the PERA and any other agreement between you and the Company then in effect, (3) cooperating with the Company in the transition of your duties, and (4) agreeing not to disparage or defame the Company, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, assigns, products or services as set forth in Exhibit A . Subject to your execution and non-revocation of the release in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A and delivery of such signed release within forty-five (45) days after your separation from service as determined under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and the regulations and all notices, rulings and other guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service interpreting same Section 409A and your compliance with the other conditions identified above, any severance payable to you under this Agreement will be paid to you in a lump sum on the 70 th day following your separation from service as determined under Section 409A. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Cause and Good Reason have the following definitions 
 
 Cause means a determination in good faith by the Company of the existence of one or more of the following (i) commission by you of any act constituting a felony (ii) any intentional and or willful act of fraud or material dishonesty by you related to, connected with or otherwise affecting your employment with the Company, or otherwise likely to cause material harm to the Company or its reputation (iii) the willful and or continued failure, neglect, or refusal by you to perform in all material respects your duties with the Company as an employee, officer or director, or to fulfill your fiduciary responsibilities to the Company, which failure, neglect or refusal has not been cured within fifteen (15) days after written notice thereof to you from the Company or (iv) a material breach by you of the Company s material policies or codes of conduct or of your material obligations under the PIIA, the PERA or any other written agreement signed by you and the Company, which breach has not been cured within fifteen (15) days after written notice thereof to you from the Company. 
 
 Good Reason means any one or more of the following conditions occur without your prior written consent (i) a material reduction in your base salary, unless such reduction is part of an across-the-board uniformly applied reduction affecting all senior executives of the Company (ii) a material reduction in your annual cash incentive bonus target expressed as a percentage of base salary, unless such reduction is part of an across-the-board uniformly applied reduction affecting all senior executives of the Company (iii) a requirement that you relocate to an office located fifty (50) or more miles from your current office location (iv) material breach by the Company of any terms or conditions of this Agreement or (iv) the failure of the Company to obtain agreement from any successor to assume and agree to perform this Agreement, unless this Agreement is otherwise assumed by any successor by operation of law. A termination for Good Reason shall not take effect unless the following provisions are satisfied. You shall notify the Company within ninety (90) days after the later of the occurrence of the event giving rise to Good Reason or your learning of such event, specifying such act or acts. The Company shall have thirty (30) days after such notice has been given to cure such conduct. If the Company fails to cure 

such condition, then you shall be entitled to resign for Good Reason, provided such resignation shall be no later than 180 days after the occurrence of the event giving rise to your right to so resign. 
 
 In the event of termination of your employment by the Company for Cause, resignation by you other than for Good Reason, or termination due to your death or any disability for which you are qualified for benefits under the Company s group long-term disability program, the Company s only obligations hereunder shall be those obligations set forth immediately below in this paragraph. For any termination of your employment, you shall be entitled to (i) such compensation and any benefits (including any vested equity awards) as are earned by you or accrued or vested through the date of termination of employment, (ii) reimbursement of your business expenses incurred through the date of termination, subject to the Company s normal business expense and travel policies and procedures (iii) payments or benefits due to you pursuant to any applicable plan, policy, arrangement of, or agreement with, the Company or any of its affiliates and (iv) your rights under the Indemnification Agreement, the Company s (or any successor s) charter documents or pursuant to applicable law or to be covered under any applicable directors and officers insurance policies. 
 
 In the event that you receive any payment or benefit under the Management Agreement following termination of your employment, you shall not be entitled to receive a comparable payment or benefit under this Agreement so as to prevent any duplication of any payments or benefits under this Agreement and the Management Agreement. 
 
 Indemnification The Company will indemnify you in connection with your duties and responsibilities for the Company, as set out in the enclosed Indemnification Agreement (the Indemnification Agreement ). 
 Prior Employment The Company understands that you may have other contractual obligations to former employers, but you have represented that no such obligations prevent you from fulfilling your duties and responsibilities to the Company as Executive Vice President-Chief Marketing Officer. 
 
 Taxes The Company may withhold from any compensation payable to you in connection with your employment such federal, state and local income and employment taxes as the Company shall reasonably determine are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. You acknowledge and agree that the Company has made no assurances or representations to you regarding the tax treatment of any consideration provided for in this Agreement and that the Company has advised you to obtain your own personal tax advice. Except for any tax amounts withheld by the Company from the payments or other consideration hereunder and any employment taxes required to be paid by the Company or any tax liabilities for you that are the direct result of the Company failing to make payments or to provide other consideration hereunder in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, you shall be responsible for payment of any and all taxes owed in connection with the consideration provided for in this Agreement. 
 
 No Mitigation 
 No Offset In the event of any termination of your employment, you shall be under no obligation to seek other employment or otherwise mitigate damages. There shall be no offset against, or any recoupment of, any amounts, benefits or entitlements due to you hereunder on account of any remuneration or other benefit earned or received by you from subsequent employment. 
 
 Binding Nature As of the date first written above, this Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by you and the Company and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators, except you may not 

assign your rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Company (provided that if you should die while any payment, benefit or entitlement is due to you hereunder, such payment, benefit or entitlement shall be paid to your designated beneficiary, or, if there is no designated beneficiary, to your estate). In addition, no rights or obligations of the Company under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by the Company without your prior written consent, except that such rights or obligations may be assigned or transferred pursuant to a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the continuing entity, or a sale, liquidation or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, provided that the assignee or transferee is the successor to all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and assumes the liabilities, obligations and duties of the Company under this Agreement, either contractually or as a matter of law. 
 
 Applicable Law This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. 
 
 Section 409A The parties hereto intend that all payments and benefits to be made or provided to you will be paid or provided in compliance with all applicable requirements of Section 409A (as defined above), and the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and administered in accordance with and to implement such intent. In furtherance of the foregoing, the provisions set forth below shall apply notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement. 
 
 (a) All payments to be made to you hereunder, to the extent they constitute a deferral of compensation subject to the requirements of Section 409A (after taking into account all exclusions applicable to such payments under Section 409A), shall be made no later, and shall not be made any earlier, than at the time or times specified herein or in any applicable plan for such payments to be made, except as otherwise permitted or required under Section 409A. 
 
 (b) The date of your separation from service , as defined in Section 409A (and as determined by applying the default presumptions in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h)(1)(ii)), shall be treated as the date of your termination of employment for purposes of determining the time of payment of any amount that becomes payable to you related to your termination of employment and that is properly treated as a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A after taking into account all exclusions applicable to such payment under Section 409A. 
 
 (c) To the extent any payment or delivery otherwise required to be made to you hereunder on account of your separation from service is properly treated as a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A after taking into account all exclusions applicable to such payment and delivery under Section 409A, and if you are a specified employee under Section 409A at the time of your separation from service, then such payment and delivery shall not be made prior to the first business day after the earlier of (i) the expiration of six months from the date of your separation from service, or (ii) the date of your death (such first business day, the Delayed Payment Date ). On the Delayed Payment Date, there shall be paid or delivered to you or, if you have died, to your estate, in a single payment or delivery (as applicable) all entitlements so delayed, and in the case of cash payments, in a single cash lump sum, an amount equal to aggregate amount of all payments delayed pursuant to the preceding sentence. 
 (d) In the case of any amounts payable to you under this Agreement that may be treated as payable in the form of a series of installment payments , as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), your right to receive such payments shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments for purposes of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). 

(e) To the extent that the reimbursement of any expenses eligible for reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefits under any provision of this Agreement would be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (after taking into account all exclusions applicable to such reimbursements and benefits under Section 409A) (i) reimbursement of any such expense shall be made by the Company as soon as practicable after such expense has been incurred, but in any event no later than December 31 st of the year following the year in which you incur such expense (ii) the amount of such expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, during any calendar year shall not affect the amount of such expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any calendar year and (iii) your right to receive such reimbursements or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 
 Section 280G Section 3 of the Management Agreement is incorporated in full into this Agreement and shall apply to any payment, benefit or entitlement paid or provided to you (or to be paid or so provided) hereunder or otherwise as if such payment, benefit or entitlement had been paid under the Management Agreement. 
 
 Notices Any notice, request or other communication required under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (i) when delivered personally, or (ii) two days after having been sent by a recognized courier, provided written acknowledgement of receipt is obtained. Any such notices, requests or other communications shall be given to the Company, at Fair Isaac Corporation, Attn General Counsel, 181 Metro Drive, Suite 700, San Jose, California, 95110, and to you at your home address in the Company s files (or to any other address the party provides in accordance with this notice provision). 
 
 Entire Agreement This Agreement, the PIIA, the PERA, the Indemnification Agreement and the Management Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereto, and supersede all prior discussions, agreements and negotiations between you and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof. No amendment or modification of this Agreement will be effective unless made in writing and signed by you and an authorized officer or director of the Company. Any waiver of this Agreement will only be effective if signed by the party against whom the waiver is being enforced (which in the case of the Company shall be an authorized officer or director). No waiver by any party of any breach of any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar condition or provision at the same or any prior or subsequent time. 

signature page follows 

If you have any questions about the terms of this Agreement, please contact Richard Deal. 

Sincerely, 
 
 s William J. Lansing 
 
 William J. Lansing 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Enclosures 
 
 Form of Release attached hereto as Exhibit A 
 Management Agreement 
 Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement 
 Post-Employment Restrictions Agreement 
 Indemnification Agreement 

I accept and agree to the terms and conditions of employment with Fair Isaac Corporation as set forth above. 
 
 s Nikhil Behl August 22, 2023 
 Nikhil Behl Dated 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 RELEASE BY NIKHIL BEHL 
 
 Definitions . I intend all words used in this Release to have their plain meanings in ordinary English. Specific terms that I use in this Release have the following meanings 
 
 A. I , me , and my include both me (Nikhil Behl) and anyone who has or obtains any legal rights or claims through me. 
 
 B. FICO means Fair Isaac Corporation, any company related to Fair Isaac Corporation in the present or past (including without limitation, its predecessors, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, joint venture partners, and divisions), and any successors of Fair Isaac Corporation. 
 
 C. Company means FICO the present and past officers, directors, committees, shareholders, and employees of FICO any company providing insurance to FICO in the present or past the present and past employee benefit plans sponsored or maintained by FICO (other than multiemployer plans) and the present and past fiduciaries of such plans the attorneys for FIC and anyone who acted on behalf of FICO or on instructions from FICO. 
 
 D. Agreement means the letter agreement between me and FICO dated August 14, 2023, including all of the documents attached to such agreement. 
 
 E. My Claims mean all of my rights that I now have to any relief of any kind from the Company, whether I now know about such rights or not, including without limitation 
 
 1. all claims arising out of or relating to my employment with FICO or the termination of that employment 
 
 2. all claims arising out of or relating to the statements, actions, or omissions of the Company 
 
 3. all claims for any alleged unlawful discrimination, harassment, retaliation or reprisal, or other alleged unlawful practices arising under the laws of the United States or any other country or of any state, province, municipality, or other unit of government, including without limitation, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, 42 U.S.C. 1981, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009, the Minnesota Human Rights Act, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Minneapolis Civil Rights Ordinance, and workers compensation non-interference or non-retaliation statutes (such as Minn. Stat. 176.82) 
 
 4. all claims for alleged wrongful discharge breach of contract breach of implied contract failure to keep any promise breach of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing breach of fiduciary duty estoppel my activities, if any, as a whistleblower defamation infliction of emotional distress fraud misrepresentation negligence harassment retaliation or reprisal constructive discharge assault battery false imprisonment invasion of privacy interference with contractual or business relationships any other wrongful employment practices and violation of any other principle of common law 

5. all claims for compensation of any kind, including without limitation, bonuses, commissions, stock-based compensation or stock options, vacation pay and paid time off, perquisites, and expense reimbursements 
 
 6. all rights I have under California Civil Code section 1542, which states that A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor 
 
 7. all claims for back pay, front pay, reinstatement, other equitable relief, compensatory damages, damages for alleged personal injury, liquidated damages, and punitive damages and 
 
 8. all claims for attorneys' fees, costs, and interest. 
 
 However, My Claims do not include any claims that the law does not allow to be waived any claims that may arise after the date on which I sign this Release any rights I may have to indemnification from FICO as a current or former officer, director or employee of FICO, including pursuant to the Indemnification Agreement (as defined in the Agreement) any claims for payments, entitlements or benefits due me under the Agreement or the Management Agreement (as defined in the Agreement), if applicable, subject to any terms or conditions under the Agreement or the Management Agreement, if applicable or any claims I may have for earned and accrued benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company in which I am a participant as of the date of termination of my employment with FICO or pursuant to any long-term incentive or equity plan or award agreement 
 
 Consideration . I am entering into this Release in consideration of FICO s obligations to provide me certain severance benefits as specified in the Agreement. I will receive consideration from FICO as set forth in the Agreement if I sign and do not rescind this Release as provided below. I understand and acknowledge that I would not be entitled to the consideration under the Agreement if I did not sign this Release. The consideration is in addition to anything of value that I would be entitled to receive from FICO if I did not sign this Release or if I rescinded this Release. I acknowledge and represent that I have received all payments and benefits that I am entitled to receive (as of the date of this Release) by virtue of any employment by the Company. 
 
 Agreement to Release My Claims . In exchange for the consideration described in the Agreement, I give up and release all of My Claims. I will not make any demands or claims against the Company for compensation or damages relating to My Claims. The consideration that I am receiving is a fair compromise for the release of My Claims. 
 
 Cooperation . Upon the reasonable request of the Company, I agree that I will (i) timely execute and deliver such acknowledgements, instruments, certificates, and other ministerial documents (including without limitation, certification as to specific actions performed by me in my capacity as an officer of the Company) as may be necessary or appropriate to formalize and complete the applicable corporate records (ii) reasonably consult with the Company regarding business matters that I was involved with while employed by the Company and (iii) be reasonably available, with or without subpoena, to be interviewed, review documents or things, give depositions, testify, or engage in other reasonable activities in connection with any litigation or investigation, with respect to matters that I may have knowledge of by virtue of my employment by or service to the Company. In performing my obligations under this paragraph to testify or otherwise provide information, I will honestly, truthfully, forthrightly, and completely provide the information requested, volunteer pertinent information and turn over to the Company all relevant documents which are or may come into my possession. 
 
 My Continuing Obligations . I understand and acknowledge that I must comply with all of my post-employment obligations under the Agreement, the Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, and the Post-Employment Restrictions Agreement. I will not defame or disparage the reputation, character, image, products, or services of FICO, or the reputation or character of FICO s directors, officers, employees and agents, and I will refrain from making public comment about the Company 

except upon the express written consent of an officer of FICO or if required by law or by any court with actual or apparent jurisdiction. 
 
 Additional Agreements and Understandings . Even though FICO will provide consideration for me to settle and release My Claims, the Company does not admit that it is responsible or legally obligated to me. In fact, the Company denies that it is responsible or legally obligated to me for My Claims, denies that it engaged in any unlawful or improper conduct toward me, and denies that it treated me unfairly. 
 
 Advice to Consult with an Attorney . I understand and acknowledge that I am hereby being advised by the Company to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Release and I have done so (or waived my right to do so). My decision whether to sign this Release is my own voluntary decision made with full knowledge that the Company has advised me to consult with an attorney. 
 
 Period to Consider the Release . I understand that I have at least 21 days from the date I received this Release (or at least 21 days after the last day of my employment with FICO, if later) to consider whether I wish to sign this Release. If I sign this Release before the end of the 21-day period, it will be my voluntary decision to do so because I have decided that I do not need any additional time to decide whether to sign this Release. I understand and agree that if I sign this Release prior to my last day of employment with FICO it will not be valid and FICO will not be obligated to provide the consideration described in the Release. 
 
 My Right to Rescind this Release . I understand that I may rescind this Release at any time within 15 days after I sign it, not counting the day upon which I sign it. This Release will not become effective or enforceable unless and until the 15-day rescission period has expired without my rescinding it. I understand that if I rescind this Release FICO will not be obligated to provide the consideration described in the Release. 
 
 Procedure for Accepting or Rescinding the Release . To accept the terms of this Release, I must deliver the Release, after I have signed and dated it, to FICO by hand or by mail within 45 days after my separation from service date. To rescind my acceptance, I must deliver a written, signed statement that I rescind my acceptance to FICO by hand or by mail within the 15-day rescission period. All deliveries must be made to FICO at the following address 
 
 Executive Vice President-Chief HR Officer 
 Fair Isaac Corporation 
 181 Metro Drive, Suite 700 
 San Jose, California, 95110 
 
 If I choose to deliver my acceptance or the rescission by mail, it must be postmarked within the period stated above and properly addressed to FICO at the address stated above. 
 
 Interpretation of the Release . This Release should be interpreted as broadly as possible to achieve my intention to resolve all of My Claims against the Company. If this Release is held by a court to be inadequate to release a particular claim encompassed within My Claims, this Release will remain in full force and effect with respect to all the rest of My Claims. I agree that the provisions of this Release may not be amended, waived, changed or modified except by an instrument in writing signed by an authorized representative of FICO and by me. 
 
 My Representations . I am legally able and entitled to receive the consideration being provided to me in settlement of My Claims. I have not been involved in any personal bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings at any time since I began my employment with FICO. No child support orders, garnishment orders, or other orders requiring that money owed to me by FICO be paid to any other person are now in effect. 
 
 I have read this Release carefully. I understand all of its terms. In signing this Release, I have not relied on any statements or explanations made by the Company except as specifically set forth in the Agreement. I am voluntarily releasing My Claims against the Company. I intend this Release and the Agreement to be legally binding. 

Dated 
 Nikhil Behl 

</EX-10.64>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 ex-211subsidiariesnarrativ.htm
 EX-21.1 SUBSIDIARIES FY23

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 Name of Company Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation Organization 
 Data Research Technologies, Inc. Minnesota Entiera, Inc. Delaware eZmCom, Inc. Delaware Fair Isaac (ASPAC) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Fair Isaac (Australia) Pty Ltd Australia Fair Isaac (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Fair Isaac (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Thailand Fair Isaac Asia Holdings, Inc. Minnesota Fair Isaac Asia Pacific Corp. Delaware Fair Isaac Brazil, LLC Delaware Fair Isaac Canada, Ltd. Canada Fair Isaac Chile Software and Services Ltda. Chile Fair Isaac Credit Services, Inc. Delaware Fair Isaac Deutschland GmbH Germany Fair Isaac do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Fair Isaac Espa a SL Spain Fair Isaac Europe Limited England and Wales Fair Isaac Holdings, Inc. Delaware Fair Isaac Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Fair Isaac India Software Private Limited India Fair Isaac Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. People s Republic of China Fair Isaac International Corporation California Fair Isaac Italy S.r.l. Italy Fair Isaac Japan G.K. Japan Fair Isaac Lithuania, UAB Lithuania Fair Isaac Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Fair Isaac Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Fair Isaac Network, Inc. Delaware Fair Isaac Nordics AB Sweden Fair Isaac Polska sp. z o.o. ci w likwidacji Poland Fair Isaac Services Limited England and Wales Fair Isaac Software Holdings Limited England and Wales Fair Isaac South Africa (Pty) Ltd South Africa Fair Isaac Turkey Software and Consultancy Services Limited Sirketi Turkey Fair Isaac UK Group Limited England and Wales Fair Isaac UK Holdings, Inc. Delaware Fair Isaac UK International Holdings Ltd. England and Wales Fair Isaac UK Investment Holdings LP England and Wales FICO Middle East FZ-LLC United Arab Emirates HNC Software LLC Delaware Infoglide Software Corporation Delaware myFICO Consumer Services Inc. Delaware 
 As of 09 30 2023 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 ex-231deloitteconsent10xk2.htm
 EX-23.1 DT CONSENT FY23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos . 333-253828, 333-236948, 333-230061, 333-230059, 333-223492, 333-216171, 333-209761, 333-194231, 333-114364, 333-133268, 333-179417, 333-123751, 333-123750, 333-114365, 333-66348, 333-32398, 333-95889, 333-83905, 333-65179, 333-02121 and 333-102848 on Form S-8 of our reports dated November 8, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Fair Isaac Corporation and the effectiveness of Fair Isaac Corporation s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023. 

s Deloitte & Touche LLP San Diego, CA November 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 ex-31110xk2023.htm
 EX-31.1 FY23

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, William J. Lansing, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fair Isaac Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2023 
 
 s WILLIAM J. LANSING William J. Lansing Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 ex-31210xk2023.htm
 EX-31.2 FY23

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Steven P. Weber, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fair Isaac Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2023 
 
 s STEVEN P. WEBER Steven P. Weber Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 ex-32110xk2023.htm
 EX-32.1 FY23

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned certifies that this periodic report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Fair Isaac Corporation. 
 Date November 8, 2023 
 
 s WILLIAM J. LANSING William J. Lansing Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 ex-32210xk2023.htm
 EX-32.2 FY23

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned certifies that this periodic report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Fair Isaac Corporation. 
 Date November 8, 2023 
 
 s STEVEN P. WEBER Steven P. Weber Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 13
 ex971-compensationrecovery.htm
 EX-97.1 COMPENSATION RECOVERY FY23

Document 
 Exhibit 97.1 

FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 
 
 Effective October 2, 2023 
 
 Policy 
 The Board of Directors (the Board of Fair Isaac Corporation (the Company has adopted this Compensation Recovery Policy (this Policy pursuant to Rule 10D-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC regulations promulgated thereunder, and applicable New York Stock Exchange NYSE listing standards. Subject to and in accordance with the terms of this Policy, upon a Recoupment Event, each Covered Executive shall be obligated to return to the Company, reasonably promptly, the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation that was received by such Covered Executive during the Lookback Period. 
 Administration 
 This Policy will be administered by the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee ). Any determinations made by the Committee will be final and binding on all affected individuals. 
 Definitions 
 Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 
 Covered Executive means each of the Company s current and former executive officers who is or was an officer of the Company within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act. 
 Erroneously Awarded Compensation means, with respect to each Covered Executive in connection with an Accounting Restatement, the excess of the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation received by the Covered Executive during the Lookback Period over the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an Accounting Restatement (a) the amount must be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was received and (b) the Company must maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to NYSE. 
 Financial Reporting Measures are any measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures derived wholly or in part from such measures. Stock price and total shareholder return are also Financial Reporting Measures. A Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within the financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC. 
 Incentive-Based Compensation is any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 

Lookback Period means the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the Required Restatement Date and any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) of less than nine months within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years. 
 A Recoupment Event occurs when the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 
 Required Restatement Date means the earlier to occur of (a) the date the Company s Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer(s) of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (b) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 
 Section 409A means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder. 
 Amount Subject to Recovery 
 The Incentive-Based Compensation that is subject to recovery under this Policy includes such compensation that is received by a Covered Executive (i) on or after October 2, 2023 (even if such Incentive-Based Compensation was approved, awarded or granted prior to that date), (ii) after the individual began service as a Covered Executive, (iii) if the individual served as a Covered Executive at any time during the performance period for such Incentive-Based Compensation, and (iv) while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or national securities association. 
 The amount of Incentive-Based Compensation subject to recovery from a Covered Executive upon a Recoupment Event is the Erroneously Awarded Compensation, which amount shall be determined by the Committee in accordance with this Policy. 
 For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 
 Promptly following a Recoupment Event, the Committee will determine the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation for each Covered Executive, and the Company will provide each such Covered Executive with a written notice of such amount and a demand for repayment or return. Upon receipt of such notice, each affected Covered Executive shall promptly repay or return such Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company. 
 If such repayment or return is not made within a reasonable time, the Company shall recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation in a reasonable and prompt manner using any lawful method determined by the Committee provided that recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation must be made in compliance with Section 409A. 
 Limited Exceptions 
 Erroneously Awarded Compensation will be recovered in accordance with this Policy unless the Committee determines that recovery would be impracticable and one of the following conditions is met 
 the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered, provided the Company has first made a reasonable effort to recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation or 
 2 

the recovery would likely cause a U.S. tax-qualified retirement plan to fail to meet the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Sections 401(a)(13) and 411(a) and the regulations thereunder. 
 Reliance on any of the above exemptions will further comply with applicable listing standards, including without limitation, documenting the reason for the impracticability and providing required documentation to NYSE. 
 No Insurance or Indemnification 
 Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates or subsidiaries may indemnify any Covered Executive against the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation (or related expenses incurred by the Covered Executive) pursuant to a recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy, nor will the Company nor any of its affiliates or subsidiaries pay or reimburse a Covered Executive for any insurance premiums on any insurance policy obtained by the Covered Executive to protect against the forfeiture or recovery of any compensation pursuant to this Policy. 
 Interpretation 
 The Committee is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy. This Policy shall be applied and interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Rule 10D-1 and any applicable regulations, rules or standards adopted by SEC or the rules of any national securities exchange or national securities association on which the Company s securities are listed. In the event that this Policy does not meet the requirements of Rule 10D-1, the SEC regulations promulgated thereunder, or the rules of any national securities exchange or national securities association on which the Company s securities are listed, this Policy shall be deemed to be amended to meet such requirements. 
 Indemnification of Policy Administrators 
 Any members of the Committee who participate in the administration of this Policy shall not be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made with respect to this Policy and shall be fully indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law and Company governing documents and policies with respect to any such action, determination or interpretation. The foregoing shall not limit any other rights to indemnification of the members of the Committee under applicable law or Company governing documents and policies. 
 Amendment Termination 
 The Board or the Committee may amend this Policy in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to comply with the regulations adopted by the SEC under Rule 10D-1 and the rules of any national securities exchange or national securities association on which the Company s securities are listed. The Board or the Committee may terminate this Policy at any time. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective if that amendment or termination would cause the Company to violate any federal securities laws, SEC rules or the rules of any national securities exchange or national securities association on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 Other Recoupment Rights 
 The Board intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. Any Incentive-Based Compensation provided for in an employment agreement, incentive compensation plan, policy, program or agreement, equity award, or similar plan, program or agreement shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, be subject to the terms of this Policy. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any similar provision in any employment agreement, incentive compensation plan, policy, program or agreement, equity award, or similar plan, program or agreement and any other legal remedies available to the 
 3 

Company. This Policy is in addition to any other clawback or compensation recovery, recoupment or forfeiture policy in effect or that may be adopted by the Company from time to time, or any laws, rules or listing standards applicable to the Company, including without limitation, the Company s right to recoup compensation subject to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Successors 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 

4 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 fico-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 fico-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 fico-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 fico-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 fico-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

