<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231221_10-K_edgar_data_38264_0001683168-23-009026.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5753529</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>174951</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1155572</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1450201</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1288044</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1549914</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-009026.hdr.sgml : 20231221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231221165025
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-009026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Forward Industries, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000038264
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS PRODUCTS, NEC [3089]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				131950672
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34780
		FILM NUMBER:		231505947

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 VETERANS MEMORIAL HWY, SUITE 100
		CITY:			HAUPPAUGE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11788
		BUSINESS PHONE:		631-547-3055

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 VETERANS MEMORIAL HWY, SUITE 100
		CITY:			HAUPPAUGE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11788

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FORWARD INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PROGRESS HEAT SEALING CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19721111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-009026.txt : 20231221

10-K
 1
 forward_i10k-093023.htm
 FORM 10-K FOR SEPT 2023

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from ___________ to_____________. 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 incorporation or organization) 

, , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 
 (The Nasdaq Capital Market) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rue 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Large accelerated filer 

Emerging growth company 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As of March 31, 2023, the aggregate market
value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based on the closing
price as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

There were shares of the registrant s
common stock outstanding as of December 8, 2023. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Portions of the registrant's Proxy Statement for
the 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent
stated herein. Such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant's fiscal
year ended September 30, 2023. 

FORWARD INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Page 
No. 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 16 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 17 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 24 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 24 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 24 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 24 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 24 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 24 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 25 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 25 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 25 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 25 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 25 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 26 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 26 

Signatures 
 27 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 

Forward Industries, Inc. Forward , we , our or the Company ), through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Forward
Industries (IN), Inc. Forward US ), Forward Industries (Switzerland) GmbH Forward Switzerland ), Forward Industries
UK Limited Forward UK ), Intelligent Product Solutions, Inc. IPS ), and Kablooe, Inc. Kablooe ),
is a global design, sourcing and distribution company serving top tier medical and technology customers worldwide. 

The principal customer in
our original equipment manufacturer OEM distribution business has been OEMs or the contract manufacturing firms of these
OEM customers, that either package our products as accessories in box together with their branded product offerings or sell
them through their retail distribution channels. Our OEM products include carrying cases and other accessories for medical monitoring
and diagnostic kits and a variety of other portable electronic and non-electronic products such as sporting and recreational products,
bar code scanners, GPS location devices, tablets and firearms. Our OEM customers are located in various regions worldwide. 

We do not manufacture
any of our OEM or retail distribution products and source substantially all these products from independent suppliers in China through
Forward Industries Asia-Pacific Corporation, a British Virgin Islands corporation Forward China ). Forward China is owned
by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 

Our design business provides
hardware and software product design and engineering services to customers predominantly located in the U.S. Our expertise in various
disciplines enables us to serve a wide variety of industries and provide clients with a single source solution for concepts, industrial
design, mechanical engineering, embedded software and systems architecture, mobile and enterprise application software, and optical engineering. 

Discontinued Operations 

Considering the recurring losses incurred by the
retail segment, in July 2023, the Company decided to cease operations of our retail distribution segment and we are presenting the results
of operations for this segment within discontinued operations in the current and prior periods presented herein. The discontinuation of
the retail segment represents a strategic shift in the Company s business. The primary assets of the retail segment are inventory
and accounts receivable. The Company expects to sell, liquidate, or otherwise dispose of remaining retail inventory by June 30, 2024,
and to collect remaining retail accounts receivable by the end of fiscal 2024. After this time, we expect to have no further significant
continuing involvement with the retail distribution segment. The inventory of the retail segment is presented as discontinued assets held
for sale on the balance sheets at September 30, 2023 and 2022 and the results of operations for the retail segment have been classified
as discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. All information
and results in this annual report on Form 10-K exclude the discontinued operations unless otherwise noted. See Note 3 to our consolidated
financial statements for additional information on discontinued operations. 

COVID-19 

On May 11, 2023, the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services declared the end of the Public Health Emergency for COVID-19; however, the effects of COVID-19
continue to linger throughout the global economy and our businesses. Though the severity of COVID-19 has subsided, new variants, or the
outbreak of a new pathogen, could interrupt business, cause renewed labor and supply chain disruptions, and negatively impact the global
and US economy, which could materially and adversely impact our businesses. 

Corporate History 

Forward was incorporated
in 1961 as a manufacturer and distributer of advertising specialty and promotional products. In 1989, we acquired Forward US, a manufacturer
of soft-sided carrying cases. The carrying case business became our predominant business, and in September 1997, we sold the assets relating
to the production of advertising specialty and promotional products, ceasing to operate in that segment. 

1 

In May 2001, we formed Forward
Switzerland to facilitate distribution of aftermarket products under our licenses for cell phone cases with a major North American multinational
and to further develop our OEM European business presence. After the expiration of the last of these licenses in March 2009, staff at
Forward Switzerland was significantly reduced and in recent years has primarily served our OEM customers in Europe. 

In January 2018, Forward
acquired IPS, an engineering design company, and in August 2020, Forward acquired the assets of Kablooe Design, a medical and consumer
design and development company. We believe that the design and engineering service capabilities of Kablooe has complemented the IPS business
and further diversified the industries and customers with which we do business. 

Customers 

Our OEM distribution customers
are located in all geographic regions worldwide. Our design business provides services to Fortune 500 companies, established mid-level
companies, and start-ups. The wide range of industries served includes industrial electronics, medical and dental equipment, food/beverage,
certain luxury brands, and oil/gas. Our design customers are located primarily in the U.S. 

Products 

Our products include carrying
cases and other accessories for medical monitoring and diagnostic kits and a variety of other portable electronic and non-electronic products
(such as sporting and recreational products, bar code scanners, GPS location devices, tablets, and firearms). We do not manufacture any
of our products and we source substantially all our products from independent suppliers in China through Forward China, a related party
(see Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements). 

Diabetic Products 

We sell carrying cases for
blood glucose diagnostic kits directly to OEM customers, or their contract manufacturers. These electronic monitoring kits are made for
use by diabetics. The diabetic products customer (or its contract manufacturer) packages our carry cases in box as a custom
accessory for the customer s blood glucose testing and monitoring kits, or to a much lesser extent, sells them through their retail
distribution channels. These kits typically include a small, electronic blood glucose monitor, testing strips, lancets for drawing a drop
of blood and our carrying case, customized with the manufacturer s logo and designed to fit and secure the glucose monitor, testing
strips, and lancets in separate straps, pouches, and holders. As the kits and technology change, our carrying case designs change to accommodate
the changes in size, shape and layout of the electronic monitoring device, strips and lancet. 

Other Products 

We also sell carrying and
protective solutions to customers for a diverse array of other portable electronic and other products, including sporting and recreational
products, bar code scanners, GPS location devices, tablets, and firearms, on a made-to-order basis that are customized to fit the products
sold by our customers. Our selling prices for these products vary across a broad range, depending on the size and nature of the product
for which we design and sell the carry solution. 

Design Products 

Our design business provides
a complete range of design, engineering and development services with respect to a diverse array of consumer and industrial electronics
products. These include but are not limited to medical products, smart displays, beverage vending, enterprise and mobile software applications,
lighting, security and detections systems, cameras, wearables and vehicle controls. Solutions in these and other areas are designed and
developed in-house, beginning at product concept, extending through design, engineering and prototype, and final design for manufacturing
and computer-aided design files. 

Product Development 

In the OEM division, we typically
receive requests to submit product designs in connection with a customer s introduction and rollout to market of a new product.
We collaborate with clients to determine functionality, size and other basic specifications and requirements for products. Our design
and production resources develop more detailed product specifications and design options for our customers evaluation. We provide
documentation of each phase to the client and gain approval of a working prototype. Working with our suppliers and the customer, samples
are modified and refined. Once approved for commercial introduction and order by our customer, we work with our suppliers to ensure conformity
of commercial production to the definitive product samples and specifications. Manufacture and delivery of products in production quantities
are coordinated with the customer s manufacturing and shipment schedules so that our products are available to be packaged with
the customer s additional product components prior to shipment and sale, or to make the product available to the customer for direct
sale through its retail distribution channels. 

2 

Services 

Services offered in our design
business vary from full development utilizing a wide range of in-house design and engineering functions, to targeted design and engineering
support for clients with in-house development teams. Our in-house capabilities include the following: 

Electrical Engineering 

Mechanical Engineering 

Software Engineering 

Industrial Design 

User Experience/User Interface (UX/UI) Design and Development 

Optical Engineering 

Program Management 

IoT System Architecture 

IT Support 

Distribution 

Channels of Distribution 

We ship the majority of our
OEM distribution products directly to our customers (or their contract manufacturers), who package our accessory products in box 
with their branded products. Some of our customers also purchase certain of our products and offer them for sale as stand-alone accessories
to complement their product offerings. 

Distribution Hubs for Customers 

We have arrangements with
certain customers distribution hubs. These arrangements obligate us to supply our products to our customers distribution
hubs where their products are manufactured, kitted, and/or warehoused pending sale, and where our products are packaged in box 
with the distribution customers products. The product quantities we are required to supply to each distribution hub are based on
the distribution customer s purchase orders and forecasts. We do not recognize revenue for product shipped to a customer s
hub until we have been notified by our customer that our product has been used by the distribution hub. Hub arrangements have had the
general effect of providing financing for our customers inventory purchases by extending the time between our placement of orders
to our suppliers and the time that we are able to recognize revenue. The corollary effect is an increase in our inventory levels. 

Product Supply 

Manufacturing 

The manufacture of custom
carrying cases and other carry and protective solutions generally consists of die cutting fabrics and heat sealing, gluing, sewing, and
affixing logos to the cut-outs by means of silk screening, hot-stamping, embroidering or embossing. The principal materials used in the
manufacture of our products are vinyl, nylon, leather, metal and plastic parts (for clips, buckles, loops, hinges and other hardware),
foam padding and cardboard, all of which are obtained from suppliers based on our specifications. 

We do not believe that any
of the component materials or parts used in the manufacture of our products are supply constrained. We believe that there are adequate
available alternative sources of supply for all of the materials used to manufacture, package, and ship our products. 

3 

Dependence on Sourcing Agent 

We have a Buying Agency and
Supply Agreement (the Supply Agreement with Forward China. The Supply Agreement provides that Forward China acts as our
exclusive buying agent for the products we sell. Forward China also arranges for sourcing, manufacture and exportation of such products.
We purchase products at Forward China s cost and through March 2023 paid them a monthly service fee calculated at 100,000 plus
4 of Adjusted Gross Profit , which is defined as the selling price less the cost from Forward China. Considering the loss
of a significant OEM distribution customer (see Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements), effective April 1, 2023, the Company
and Forward China agreed to reduce the fixed portion of the sourcing fee from 100,000 to 83,333 per month for the remaining term of
the Supply Agreement, which expired in October 2023, resulting in cash savings of 100,000 in Fiscal 2023. Effective October 2023, the
Company and Forward China entered into a new sourcing agreement under which the fixed portion of the sourcing fee was further reduced
to 65,833 per month. Other terms in the agreement are substantially the same as the prior agreement. Due to the Company s decision
to cease operations of its retail distribution segment and the decline in the OEM distribution segment business, the new sourcing agreement
expires October 31, 2024. Terence Wise, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and largest shareholder, is the owner of Forward China.
In addition, Jenny P. Yu, a Managing Director of Forward China, beneficially owns more than 5 of the Company s common stock. See
 Item 1A. Risk Factors regarding our dependence on Forward China. 

Suppliers 

We procure substantially
all our OEM distribution products from independent suppliers in China through Forward China. Depending on the product, we may require
several different suppliers to furnish component parts or pieces. We place orders for particular products and do not have minimum supply
requirement agreements to guarantee a supply of finished product, nor have we made purchase commitments to purchase minimum amounts. However,
from time to time, we may order certain OEM products in advance of receiving a customer purchase order, or in quantities in excess of
those forecasted to us by our customer, for which they are contractually obligated to us, in order to meet our customers anticipated
delivery demands. 

There are very few suppliers
required for the design segment of the business as it is a service-based business. We do, however, purchase supplies and equipment to
develop prototypes or mock-ups for design and development projects. Design business suppliers are predominantly based in
the United States. 

Quality Assurance 

Forward s quality assurance
manager oversees the process to ensure that our distribution products manufactured in China meet our quality assurance standards. The
quality assurance manager independently verifies and supervises the inspection of products provided by independent contractors in China.
In July 2015, Forward China received its ISO 9001:2008 quality certification, which was renewed and is valid until July 2024. 

Our design business follows
general industry standard practices for review and corrective actions related to its design services. There are no independent quality
assurance standards in place for its design and engineering work. Customer specifications and scope of services are laid out in project
contracts and we work closely with the customer to identify and correct any quality issues that arise. 

Competition 

Distribution Business 

Our OEM distribution business
is highly competitive in terms of product pricing, design, delivery terms, and customer service. In the production of our distribution
products, we compete with numerous U.S. and foreign producers and distributors. Some of our competitors are substantially larger than
we are and have greater financial and other resources. We believe that we sustain our competitive position through maintenance of an effective
product design capability, rapid response time to customer requests for proposals and product shipment, reliable product delivery and
product quality, and competitive pricing. We believe that our ability to compete based on product quality assurance considerations is
enhanced by Forward China s local presence, quality control, shipment capabilities and expertise in sourcing. 

4 

Design Business 

The depth and breadth of
services offered, and industries served by our design segment are unique. Our management team is aware that there are very few competitive
firms that have the full set of capabilities that our design segment has under one roof. There are, however, numerous design and engineering
companies that compete with us in specific industries and/or with specific targeted skills or have competitive advantages. 

Human Capital/Employees 

As of November 30, 2023,
we had approximately 100 employees, substantially all of whom work full-time, none of which are covered by a collective bargaining
agreement. We hire consultants on an as-needed basis. 

Human capital management
is critical to our ongoing business success, which requires investing in our people. Our aim is to create a highly engaged and motivated
workforce where employees are inspired by leadership, engaged in purpose-driven, meaningful work and have opportunities for growth and
development. We are committed to creating and maintaining a work environment in which employees are treated with respect and dignity.
We value our diverse employees and provide career and professional development opportunities that foster the success of our company. 

An effective approach to
human capital management requires that we invest in talent, development, culture and employee engagement. We aim to create an environment
where our employees are encouraged to make positive contributions and fulfill their potential. We emphasize our core values of innovation,
encouragement, motivation, and curiosity with our employees to instill our culture and create an environment of growth and positivity. 

Our Compensation Committee
is also actively involved in reviewing and approving executive compensation, and succession plans so that we have leadership in place
with the requisite skills and experience to deliver results the right way. We offer fair, competitive compensation and benefits that support
our employees overall wellbeing. In addition to health benefits, we contribute to employees 401(k) plans and offer student
tuition reimbursement (if certain requirements are met). 

Regulation and Environmental Protection 

Our OEM distribution business
is subject to various regulations in various jurisdictions, including the U.S., Canada and member states of the European Union, that restrict
the use or importation of products manufactured with compounds deemed to be hazardous. We work with our suppliers to ensure compliance
with such regulations. In addition, from time to time, one or more customers may require testing of our products to ensure compliance
with applicable consumer safety rules and regulations or the customer s safety or packaging protocols. Because we do not manufacture
the products that we sell and distribute, compliance with federal, state and local laws and regulations pertaining to the discharge of
materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, has not had, and is not anticipated to have,
any direct material effect upon our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. However, compliance with such laws and regulations
on the part of our suppliers may result in increased costs of supply to us, particularly if domestic environmental regulations in China
become more prevalent. 

We have not been engaged
in any environmental litigation or incurred any material costs related to compliance with environmental or other regulations. From time
to time, we incur chemical and/or safety laboratory testing expenses in order to address customer requests regarding our product materials
or method of manufacture, or regarding their packaging methods and standards. 

There are no specific regulatory
or environmental requirements imposed upon the design segment of our business. As a paid service provider, customers are assisted in securing
regulatory certifications including UL (Underwriters Laboratories a U.S. based safety certification organization), FCC (Federal
Communications Commission U.S. governmental certification department for electronic goods), CE (Conformit Europ enne
 a European certification for health, safety and environmental protection standards) and others depending on needs, product types
and locations of customers product markets. 

Available Information 

Our corporate website is
www.forwardindustries.com. On our website under Investors SEC Filings , we make available access to our Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A and amendments to
those materials filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ),
free of charge. The contents of the website are not incorporated into this report. 

5 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our common stock
involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors before deciding whether to purchase or sell stock
in the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our
business operations or our financial condition. If any of the events discussed below occur, our business, consolidated financial condition,
results of operations or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, the value and marketability of the common
stock could decline. 

Risks Relating to Our Business, Liquidity and Operations 

The COVID-19 pandemic, or any other future
pandemic, has had, and may continue to have, a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

On May 11, 2023, the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services declared the end of the Public Health Emergency for COVID-19; however, the effects of COVID-19
continue to linger throughout the global economy and our businesses. Though the severity of COVID-19 has subsided, new variants or any
other future pandemic could interrupt business, cause renewed labor and supply chain disruptions, and negatively impact the global and
US economy, which could materially and adversely impact our business. During the height of COVID-19 our supply chain experienced significant
disruptions which, together with other factors such as the increase in global consumer demand and the global shipping container shortage,
resulted in longer delivery times and higher importation costs for most of our products. While our supply chain appears to generally be
stable at this time, should a resurgence of COVID-19 occur, our supply chain could again be negatively impacted; for example, the factories
that manufacture our products could be required by government authorities to temporarily cease operations or might be limited in their
production capacity. If governments take protective actions in response to a resurgence of COVID-19 or the outbreak of a new pandemic,
it may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results for the reasons described above. 

During Fiscal 2023, we generated a net loss.
We cannot assure you that we will regain profitability in the future. 

In Fiscal 2023, we generated
a net loss of approximately 3,737,000. While we generated income from continuing operations, we can provide no assurance that we will
not experience operating losses in the future. In addition to our 1,300,000 commercial line of credit (the Line of Credit ),
none of which has been utilized as of the date of this report, Forward China holds a 1,100,000 note which is due December 31, 2024. Additionally,
we owe Forward China 8,246,000 in accounts payable. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion on these payables.
Forward China, which is owned by our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, has previously agreed to extend the note numerous
times to assist the Company with its liquidity. We cannot provide any assurance that Forward China will continue to grant us extensions
on this note. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues to operate profitably, we may be forced to cease, limit or suspend operations,
or we may be required to raise capital or incur additional debt to maintain or grow our operations. There is no assurance that we will
be able to raise such capital and if so on terms that are not onerous and dilutive to the Company and its shareholders. While we believe
that our existing cash resources are sufficient to support our business, there can be no assurances that we will be successful. 

Our OEM distribution business remains highly
concentrated in our diabetic products line. If our diabetic products line were to suffer the loss of a principal customer or a material
decline in revenues from any such large customer, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 

In Fiscal 2023, revenues
from diabetic products accounted for 84 of our OEM distribution revenues and OEM distribution revenue accounted for 38 of our consolidated
net revenue. As a result, our financial condition and results of operations are subject to higher risk from the loss of a major diabetic
products customer or changes in their business practices. For example, in 2018 a new diabetes monitoring product was brought to the market
which does not use a carrying case. If our customers use new solutions in their diabetes product lines that do not use carrying cases,
our business would be materially and adversely affected. 

6 

The loss of any of, or a material reduction
in orders from, our largest customers would materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Each of our
distribution and design businesses can at times be concentrated with certain larger customers. In Fiscal 2023, our largest design
customer accounted for 27.9 of our consolidated net revenue and one OEM distribution customer accounted for 11.2 of our
consolidated net revenue. In Fiscal 2022, our largest design customer accounted for 11.8 of our consolidated net revenue and two
OEM distribution customers represented 25.5 of our consolidated net revenue. Recently, two of our employees left the Company to
become full-time employees of our largest design customer. If this continues, it may result in the customer sending us less
business which will adversely affect our revenues. 

Although our customer concentration changes from year to year, and we continue our efforts to diversify
our business, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be successful. The loss of any of these customers would have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 

If any one or more of our OEM distribution
customers elect to reduce or discontinue inclusion of cases in box , our results of operations and financial condition would
be materially and adversely affected. 

The predominant percentage
of our OEM distribution revenues is derived from sales of case accessories to our OEM customers who package our cases in box 
with their electronics. During recent years, there have been numerous federal legislative and administrative actions that have affected
government programs, including adjustments that have reduced or increased payments to healthcare providers and patients. Any measures
to restrict healthcare spending could result in decreased sales of our products. If one or more of our distribution customers reduce or
discontinue the practice of including carry case accessories in box or if our customers experience reduced demand for their
products as a result of political changes, we may incur a significant decline in our revenues and our results of operations and financial
condition would be materially and adversely affected. 

Rising threats of international tariffs,
including tariffs applied to goods between the U.S. and China, may materially and adversely affect our business. 

Rising threats of international
tariffs, including tariffs applied to goods traded between the U.S. and China, could materially and adversely affect our business and
results of operations. Since the beginning of 2018, there has been increasing rhetoric, in some cases coupled with legislative or executive
action, from several U.S. and foreign leaders regarding the possibility of instituting tariffs on the foreign imports of certain materials
and products. More specifically, throughout 2020 and 2019, the U.S. and China imposed tariffs or announced proposed tariffs to be applied
in the future to certain of each other s exports. As of the date of this report, the Company has not been directly affected by any
tariffs previously implemented by former President Trump on the medical technology industry which remain in place pending the Biden Administration s
continued review of the tariffs. In May 2022 the U.S. Trade Representative (the USTR announced a statutory four-year review
of the tariffs against China. The USTR also announced in May 2022 that it reinstated or extended various eligible tariff exclusions on
certain products from China through December 2023. However, we do not know if the Biden administration will implement any new tariffs
or alter current tariffs. If any such tariffs or any restrictions are imposed on products that we import for our customers, we would be
required to raise our prices, which may result in the loss of customers and harm our business. Additionally, some of our non-diabetic
distribution customers and customers in the design and development business have been affected by these tariffs, specifically those who
manufacture electronic products. This may cause these customers to reduce the amount of discretionary spending they use on outsource product
design and engineering services supplied by our design segment. 

Changes in political conditions
in China and changes in the state of China-U.S. relations, including any tensions relating to potential military conflict between China
and Taiwan, are difficult to predict and could adversely affect the operations or financial condition of the Company. In addition, because
of our involvement in the Chinese market, any deterioration in political or trade relations might cause a public perception in the U.S.
or elsewhere that might cause our business to become less attractive. Such an impact could adversely affect our revenues and cash flows. 

7 

We continue to encounter pressure from our
largest customers to maintain or even decrease prices, or to provide lower priced solutions, and expect such pressure to persist. The
effects of such price constraints on our business may be exacerbated by inflationary pressures that affect our costs of supply and labor. 

During Fiscal 2023, we continued
to experience significant pricing pressure from many customers, including some of our largest distribution customers, to reduce the prices
we charge them. When we are unable to extract comparable concessions from our suppliers on prices they charge us, our product sales margins
erode. In Fiscal 2023, due to increased pricing pressure, we did not renew our contract with one major OEM distribution customer, which
expired in March 2023. The recent inflationary environment in the U.S. and globally has caused production costs to increase in Fiscal
2023. Similarly, due to continued trends of high demand and low supply in the labor market which have persisted despite Federal Reserve
interest rate increases, the cost of labor has risen in both our design and distribution businesses. These developments have a material
adverse impact on our margins and our ability to achieve or maintain profitability. In addition, competitors may reduce their average
selling prices faster than we are able to reduce costs, which can also accelerate the rate of decline of our selling prices. 

In addition to margin compression
from customers in general, we are encountering increased costs from our Chinese suppliers who are reacting to inflationary increases in
materials and labor costs incurred by them. In addition, prices that our Chinese vendors charge to us may reflect appreciation of the
Chinese currency against the U.S. dollar, which can be passed through to us in the form of higher U.S. dollar prices. This in turn will
tend to reduce gross profit if we are unable to raise our prices. Any decrease in demand for our products or services, coupled with pressure
from the market and our customers to decrease our prices, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

Increasingly, our OEM distribution customers
are requesting that we enter into supply agreements with them that have restrictive terms and conditions. These agreements typically include
provisions that increase our financial exposure, which could result in significant costs to us. 

Increasingly, our OEM distribution
customers are requesting that we enter into supply agreements with them. These agreements typically do not include volume commitments
but do include provisions that generally serve to increase our exposure for product liability and limited sales returns, which could result
in higher costs to us as a result of such claims. In addition, these agreements typically contain provisions that seek to limit our operational
and pricing flexibility and extend payment terms, which could materially adversely affect our cash flow, business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

Our distribution business depends on a single
exclusive buying agent who, in turn, depends on a limited number of key suppliers . 

Our Chairman, Chief Executive
Officer and largest shareholder is the owner of Forward China, our exclusive sourcing agent in the Asia Pacific region. We have a Buying
Agency and Supply Agreement with Forward China under which Forward China will act as the Company s exclusive agent to arrange for
sourcing, manufacturing and exporting the Company s distribution products. Historically, Forward China has relied on a limited number
of suppliers to supply the component parts and pieces necessary for the production of our carry and protective solutions products. As
a result, our ability to effectively push back against rising material costs may diminish. In addition, any inability to obtain supplies
from a single or limited number of suppliers may result in difficulty obtaining the supplies necessary for our business and may restrict
our ability to produce our carry and protective solutions products. Where practical, we intend to establish alternative sources through
Forward China to mitigate the risk that the failure of any single supplier will adversely affect our business. Nevertheless, either a
prolonged inability to obtain certain components or the failure of one of our suppliers to do so could impair our ability to ship products
and generate revenues, which could adversely affect our operating results and damage our customer relationships. 

In addition, we depend significantly
on Forward China as our exclusive buying agent for substantially all of our component parts. As a result, we have limited visibility as
to our supplier base, making it difficult to forecast future events and to plan our operations. In addition, if Forward China fails to
satisfactorily perform its obligations, including payment obligations, to our suppliers or its duties to us as our exclusive buying agent
as a result of financial or other difficulties or for any other reason, or if our relationship with Forward China was to suffer or we
are unable to extend our agreement with Forward China which expires in October 2024, we could suffer irreparable harm resulting in substantial
damage to the distribution business. 

8 

Our business has benefited from customers
deciding to outsource their carry and protective solutions assembly needs, as well as product development and design functions, to us.
If our customers choose to provide these services in-house or select other providers, our business could suffer. 

Our future revenue growth
partially depends on new outsourcing opportunities from our current and prospective customers. Current and prospective customers continuously
evaluate our performance against other providers. They also evaluate the potential benefits of developing, designing, manufacturing and
transporting their products themselves. To the extent that outsourcing opportunities are not available either due to these customers deciding
to develop, design, produce or transport these products themselves or to use other providers, our financial results and future growth
could be materially adversely affected. 

If we are unable to provide our customers
with high-quality products and services or if we are unable to deliver our products and/or services to our customers in a timely manner,
our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

In order to maintain our
existing customer base and obtain business from new customers, we must demonstrate our ability to develop, design and produce products
and services at the level of quality, responsiveness, timeliness, and cost that our customers require. If our products or services are
provided at what customers believe are of a substandard quality, if they are not delivered on time, if we are not responsive to our customers 
demands or cannot meet their needs, our reputation as a reliable supplier of high-quality products and a sophisticated product designer
and developer would likely be damaged. If we are unable to meet anticipated product and service standards imposed by contractual arrangements,
customer expectations, industry practices, regulatory requirements and competitive forces, we may be unable to obtain new or keep our
existing customers, and this would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If our design teams fail to complete a project
in a timely manner, miss a required performance standard, or otherwise fail to adequately perform on a project, then we may incur a loss
on that project. 

Our design engagements often
involve large-scale, complex projects. The quality of our performance on such projects depends in large part upon our ability to manage
the relationship with our clients and our ability to effectively manage the project and deploy appropriate resources, including third-party
contractors and our own personnel, in a timely manner. We may commit to a client that we will complete a project by a scheduled date and/or
at a fixed fee. We may also commit that a project, when completed, will achieve specified performance standards. If the project is not
completed by the scheduled date or fails to meet required performance standards, we may incur significant additional costs or be held
responsible for the costs incurred by the client to rectify damages due to late completion or failure to achieve the required performance
standards. The uncertainty of the timing of a project can present difficulties in planning the amount of personnel needed for the project.
If the project is delayed or canceled, we may bear the cost of an underutilized workforce that was dedicated to fulfilling the project.
In addition, performance of projects can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including unavoidable delays from government
inaction, inability to obtain financing, weather conditions, unavailability of vendor materials, changes in the project scope of services
requested by our clients, industrial accidents, environmental hazards, and labor disruptions. Furthermore, our entrance into fixed price
arrangements mean that if the costs of supplies, labor and other resources rise due to shortages, heightened demand, inflation or other
factors, our margin for a given project will decline. To the extent these events occur, the total costs of the project could exceed our
estimates, and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, incur a loss on a project, which may reduce or eliminate our overall
profitability on that project or in general. Further, any defects or errors, or failures to meet our clients expectations, could
result in claims for damages against us. Failure to meet performance standards or complete performance on a timely basis could also adversely
affect our reputation. 

Our results of operations could suffer if
we are not able to maintain adequate utilization of our workforce. 

The cost of providing our
design services, including the extent to which we utilize our workforce, affects our profitability. The rate at which we utilize our workforce
is affected by a number of factors, including: 

our ability to transition employees from completed projects to new assignments and to hire and assimilate new employees; 

our ability to forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain an appropriate headcount in each of our operating units; 

our ability to engage employees in assignments during natural disasters or pandemics; 

our ability to manage attrition; 

our need to devote time and resources to training, business development, professional development, and other non-chargeable activities; and 

our ability to match the skill sets of our employees to the needs of the marketplace. 

9 

If we over-utilize our workforce,
our employees may become disengaged, which could impact employee attrition. If we under-utilize our workforce, our profit margin and profitability
would suffer. 

Employee or agent misconduct, or our failure
to comply with anti-bribery and other laws or regulations, could harm our reputation, reduce our revenue and profits, and subject us to
criminal and civil enforcement actions. 

Misconduct, fraud, non-compliance
with applicable laws and regulations, or other improper activities by one of our employees or agents could have a significant negative
impact on our business and reputation. Such misconduct could include the failure to comply with various procurement regulations, regulations
regarding the protection of confidential information, regulations prohibiting bribery and other foreign corrupt practices, regulations
regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in contracts, regulations on lobbying or similar activities, regulations pertaining to
the internal controls over financial reporting, environmental laws, and any other applicable laws or regulations. For example, the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries
from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance
with these regulations and laws, and we take precautions to prevent and detect misconduct. However, since our internal controls are subject
to inherent limitations, including human error, it is possible that these controls could be intentionally circumvented or become inadequate
because of changed conditions. As a result, we cannot assure that our controls will protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed
by our employees or agents. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations or acts of misconduct could subject us to fines
and penalties and suspension or debarment from contracting, any or all of which could harm our reputation, reduce our revenue and profits,
and subject us to criminal and civil enforcement actions. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. As a result, current and
potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could harm our business and the trading price of our stock. 

Effective internal controls
over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports. If we cannot maintain effective controls and reliable
financial reports, our business and operating results could be harmed. We continue to work on improvements to our internal controls over
financial reporting. Any failure to implement and maintain internal controls over our financial reporting or difficulties encountered
in the implementation of improvements in our controls, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Any failure to improve
our internal controls over financial reporting or to address identified weaknesses in the future, if they were to occur, could also cause
investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative impact on the trading price of our stock. 

Our results of operations are subject to
the risks of fluctuations in the values of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. 

Our results of operations
are expressed in U.S. dollars. When the U.S. dollar appreciates or depreciates in value against a currency in which all or a significant
portion of revenues or other accounts receivable are denominated, such as the Euro, our results of operations can be adversely affected
or benefited, respectively. The degree of impact is proportional to the amount of foreign currency expense or revenue, as the case may
be, and the fluctuations in exchange rates over the period in which the effect is measured on our financial statements. In addition, such
currency fluctuations may affect the comparability of our results of operations between financial periods. 

Future revenues are difficult to predict
and are likely to show significant variability as a consequence of customer concentration and operating in more than one segment. 

Because our revenues can
at times be concentrated in a few large customers, and because the volumes of these customers order flows to us can fluctuate markedly
in a short period of time, our quarterly revenues, and consequently our results of operations, may be highly variable and subject to significant
changes over a relatively short period of time. Our largest OEM distribution customers may keep consumer products with which our carry
solutions are packaged in-box in active promotion for many months, or for a very short period of time, depending on various
factors, including sales trends for the product, product development cycles, new product introductions, and our customers' competitors'
product offerings. As demand for the consumer product relating to the in-box program matures and decreases, we may be forced to accept
significant price and/or volume reductions in customer orders for our carry solutions, which will adversely affect revenues. Additionally,
our large design and development customers may have their budgets limited from many factors including economic declines (resulting from
a pandemic or any other reason) causing discretionary budgets to decline or may from-time-to-time choose to do their development work
in-house. Further, in our design and development business customers may decline to use us for future work after a project is completed,
which may be due to lack of continued need for our services after their product has been developed, produced and marketed or because they
are dissatisfied with our pricing or performance. All of these factors tend to lead to a high degree of variability in our quarterly revenue
levels. Significant, rapid shifts in our operating results may occur if and when one or more of these customers increases or decreases
the size(s) of, or eliminates, their orders or engagement from us by amounts that are material to our business. 

10 

Our gross margins, and therefore our potential
profitability, vary considerably by customer and by product and service offering, and if the revenue contribution from one or more customers
or products or project changes materially, relative to total revenues, our gross profit percentage may fluctuate. 

Our gross profit margins
on the products and services we sell can vary widely depending on the product or project type, customer, and contract or order size. Because
of the broad variability in price ranges and product and project types, we anticipate that gross margins, and accordingly their impact
on operating income or loss, may fluctuate depending on the relative revenue contribution from each customer or product. Similarly, because
we offer a wide range of services which often vary with each customer and project, we face challenges in maintaining and enhancing operational
efficiencies. For example, because of the range of products and services we offer and our general lack of specializations within our fields
relative to some of our competitors, we may not enjoy the advantages offered by more focused or streamlined operations, such as economies
of scale or improved production capabilities from our labor, facilities, and procedures with the passage of time. If our gross margins
decrease, our results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Product manufacture is often outsourced
by our distribution customers to contract manufacturing firms in China and in these cases, it is the contract manufacturer to which we
must look for payment. 

Contract manufacturing firms
are performing manufacturing, assembly, and product packaging functions, including the bundling of our product accessories with the OEM
distribution customer's product. As a consequence of this business practice, we often sell our carry solutions products directly to the
contract manufacturing firm. This is particularly significant in the case of diabetic product sales to certain customers. In these cases,
we invoice the contract manufacturing firm and not the OEM distribution customer. Therefore, it is the contract manufacturing firm to
which we must look for payment in such cases and not our OEM distribution customer. If we fail to receive payment from the contract manufacturer,
our ability to be paid for products already delivered would be limited. In such event, our results of operations and cash flows will be
adversely affected. 

Our dependence on foreign manufacturers
creates quality control and other risks to our business. From time to time, we may experience certain quality control, on-time delivery,
cost, or other issues that may jeopardize customer relationships. 

Our reliance on foreign suppliers,
manufacturers and other contractors involves significant risks, including risk of product quality issues and reduced control over quality
assurance, manufacturing yields and costs, pricing, timely delivery schedules, the potential lack of adequate manufacturing capacity and
availability of product, the lack of capital and potential misappropriation of our designs. In any such event, our reputation and our
business will be harmed. 

Our shipments of products may become subject
to delays or cancellation due to work stoppages or slowdowns, piracy, damage to port facilities, and congestion due to inadequacy of port
terminal equipment and other causes. 

To the extent that there
are disruptions or delays in loading container cargo in ports of origin or off-loading cargo at ports of destination as a result of labor
disputes, work-rules related slowdowns, tariff or World Trade Organization-related disputes, piracy, physical damage to port terminal
facilities or equipment caused by severe weather or terrorist incidents, congestion in port terminal facilities, inadequate equipment
to load, dock and offload container vessels or energy-related tie-ups or otherwise, or for other reasons, product shipments to our customers
will be delayed. For example, in March 2021, a container ship carrying some of our products ran aground in the Suez Canal and was immobilized
for six days. Although this accident did not have a material adverse effect on our business, there is no assurance that, if it happened
again, that it would not. In any such case, our customers may cancel or change the terms of its purchase order, resulting in a cancellation
or delay of payments to us. A closure or partial closure of port facilities or other causes of delays in the loading, importation, offloading
or movement of our products to the shipping destination agreed to with our customer could result in increased expenses, as we try to avoid
such delays, delayed shipments or cancelled orders, or all of the above. Depending on the severity of such consequences, this may have
an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

11 

Issues with our products or services may
lead to product liability, personal injury or property damage claims, recalls, withdrawals, replacements of products, or regulatory actions
by governmental authorities that could divert resources, affect business operations, decrease sales, increase costs, and put us at a competitive
disadvantage, any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition. 

We may experience issues
with products that we source or develop, or with the services we render, that may lead to product liability, personal injury or property
damage claims, recalls, withdrawals, replacements of products, or regulatory actions by governmental authorities. Any of these activities
could result in increased governmental scrutiny, harm to our reputation, reduced demand by consumers for products or services, decreased
willingness by retailer customers to purchase our products or procure our services, absence or increased cost of insurance, or additional
safety and testing requirements. Such results could divert development and management resources, adversely affect our business operations,
decrease sales, increase legal fees and other costs, and put us at a competitive disadvantage compared to other companies not affected
by similar issues with products and services, any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations. Although the Company carries product liability insurance and works with its customers to satisfy product quality concerns
(the cost of such efforts are typically covered by our sourcing agent, Forward China) we can provide no assurance that customers will
not seek damages beyond what we warranty or beyond our insurance coverage. Although we have not had significant claims for damages or
losses from the products we distribute in our distribution business or assist in the development, design or production of in our design
business, any uninsured claim, if successful and of significant magnitude, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects,
results of operations or financial condition. 

The product distribution and design businesses
are highly competitive and do not pose significant barriers to entry. 

There are many competitors
in the sale of carry solutions products to our customers including OEMs, and competition is intense. Since little or no significant proprietary
technology is involved in the design, production or distribution of the types of products we sell, others may enter the business with
relative ease and compete against us. Such competition may result in the diminution of our market share or the loss of one or more major
customers, thereby adversely affecting our net revenues, results of operations, and financial condition. Further, with respect to our
design business, while management believes there are a limited number of customers offering the broad range of design and development
services we do, there are numerous design and engineering companies that compete with us in specific industries and/or with specific targeted
skills or competitive advantages, and some prospective customers might prefer a competitor that focuses in a specialty area in which they
operate or target over an offering such as ours that is not limited to any specific industry or product type. 

Many of our competitors are
larger, better capitalized and more diversified than we are and may be better able to withstand a downturn in the general economy or in
the product areas in which we specialize. Potential customers may prefer the pricing terms offered by competitors. These competitors may
also have less sales concentration than we do and be better able to withstand the loss of a key customer or diminution in its orders.
If we are not effectively able to compete, our results of operations will be adversely affected. 

If we fail to retain our key personnel,
we may not be able to achieve our anticipated level of growth and our business could suffer. 

Our future depends, in part,
on our ability to attract and retain key sales personnel and the continued contribution of our executive officers including Terence Wise,
our Chief Executive Officer, who would be difficult to replace. Our design and development business is highly labor intensive and, therefore,
our ability to attract and retain professional and technical staff is an important factor in our future success. The market for qualified
engineers is competitive and, from time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the required expertise
within the timeframe demanded by our clients. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel and the process to replace any key
personnel would involve significant time and expense and may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. 

12 

If a third party asserts that we are infringing
on its intellectual property, whether successful or not, it could subject us to costly and time-consuming litigation or require us to
obtain expensive licenses, and our business may be adversely affected. 

Third party lawsuits alleging
our infringement of patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights could cause us to do one or more of the following: 

stop using technology that contains the allegedly infringing intellectual property; 

incur significant legal expenses; 

cause our management to divert substantial time to our defenses; 

pay substantial damages to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing; 

indemnify customers; or 

attempt to obtain a license to the relevant intellectual property from third parties, which may not be available to us on reasonable terms or at all. 

Third party lawsuits alleging
our infringement of patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. In addition to our products, potential adverse developments involving intellectual property
described above may occur with respect to customers products incorporating our products or services that we render. 

If we experience system interruptions, it
may cause us to lose customers and may harm our business. 

Our inability to maintain
and improve our information technology systems and infrastructure may result in system interruptions. System interruptions and slow delivery
times, unreliable service levels, prolonged or frequent service outages, or insufficient capacity may prevent us from efficiently providing
services to our customers on our website, which could result in our losing customers and revenue. 

We lease space for our data
center for power, security, connectivity and other services. We also rely on third-party providers for bandwidth. We do not control these
vendors and it would take significant time and effort to replace them. We have experienced, and may experience in the future, website
disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors
and capacity constraints. 

Our systems are vulnerable
to damage or interruption from terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, hurricanes, computer viruses,
computer denial of service attacks or other attempts to harm our systems. Any such damage or interruption would adversely affect our results
of operations. 

Because our networks and IT systems may
be vulnerable to unauthorized persons hacking our systems, it could disrupt our operations and result in the theft of our proprietary
information. 

A party who is able to breach
the security measures on our networks could misappropriate either our or our customers proprietary information, or cause interruptions
or malfunctions in our operations. Hacking of companies infrastructure is a growing problem. Although we believe our systems and
engineering team have the capability of protecting the Company from any such hacking, we can provide you with no such assurance. If we
grow and obtain more visibility, we may be more vulnerable to hacking. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources
to protect against such threats or to alleviate problems caused by breaches in security, which could have a material adverse effect on
our financial performance and operating results. 

Our design business uses software that is
highly technical, and undetected errors, if any, could adversely affect our business. 

Our design business may use
software that is highly technical and complex. Our software has contained, and may now or in the future contain, undetected errors, bugs,
flaws, corrupted data or vulnerabilities. Some errors in our software code may only be discovered after the code has been released. Any
errors, bugs, flaws or corrupted data could result in damage to our reputation, loss of users, or loss of revenue, any of which could
adversely affect our business and financial results. 

13 

We maintain cash balances in our bank accounts
that exceed the FDIC insurance limitation. 

We maintain our cash assets
at commercial banks in the U.S. in amounts in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit of 250,000 and in Europe
in amounts that may exceed any applicable deposit insurance limits. In the event of a failure at a commercial bank where we maintain our
deposits or money market or other cash, we may incur a loss to the extent such loss exceeds the insurance limitation, which could have
a material adverse effect upon our financial conditions and our results of operations. 

Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
is a significant shareholder, which makes it possible for him to have significant influence over the outcome of all matters submitted
to our shareholders for approval and which influence may be alleged to conflict with our interests and the interests of our other shareholders. 

Terence Wise, our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, is a significant shareholder who beneficially owns approximately 18 of the outstanding shares of our common
stock as of December 9, 2023. Mr. Wise has substantial influence over the outcome of all matters submitted to our shareholders for approval,
including the election of our directors and other corporate actions. This influence may be alleged to conflict with our interests and
the interests of our other shareholders. In addition, such influence by Mr. Wise could have the effect of discouraging potential business
partners or create actual or perceived governance instabilities that could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Due to factors beyond our control, our stock
price may be volatile. 

Any of the following factors
could affect the market price of our common stock: 

Our failure to increase revenue in each succeeding quarter and achieve and thereafter maintain profitability; 

Our failure to meet our revenue and earnings guidance or our failure to meet financial analysts performance expectations; 

The loss of Forward China as our agent; 

Cybersecurity breaches; 

The loss of customers or our failure to attract more customers; 

Creditworthiness and solvency of clients; 

Loss of key employees; 

The sale of a large amount of common stock by our shareholders; 

Our announcement of a pending or completed acquisition or our failure to complete a proposed acquisition; 

An adverse court ruling or regulatory action; 

Changes in regulatory practices, including tariffs and taxes; 

Changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

Short selling activities; 

Our announcement of any financing or a change in the direction of our business; 

Announcements by us, or our competitors, of significant contracts, acquisitions, commercial relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments; or 

Other forces outside of our control such as inflation, Federal Reserve interest rate increases and the recessionary environment it could bring, geopolitical turmoil such as the recent Ukraine war, and other developments that could adversely impact the U.S. and global economies and erode investor sentiment. 

In the past, following periods
of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted. A securities
class action suit against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s time and attention, which would otherwise
be used to benefit our business. 

14 

Because we are currently non-compliant with
Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement, it could result in delisting of our common stock, negatively affect the price of our common
stock and limit investors ability to trade in our common stock. 

Our common stock is listed
on Nasdaq. Nasdaq rules impose certain continued listing requirements, including the minimum 1 bid price, corporate governance standards
and number of public stockholders. On July 31, 2023, we were notified by Nasdaq that we are not compliant with its closing bid price requirement
because the closing bid price of our common stock was below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive trading days. We have until January
29, 2024 (the Deadline Date to become compliant. We have since remained non-compliant with the closing bid price
requirement as our stock price has remained below 1.00 since we received the notice. We are assessing all options to regain compliance.
At our annual stockholders meeting, which is customarily held in February, we have the option to ask our stockholders to approve
a reverse stock split in an amount that would satisfy Nasdaq listing requirements. In addition to the risk described below that we do
not receive stockholder approval, reverse splits are often perceived negatively and announcements of or implementation of a reverse split
may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

If we continue to fail to
meet these continued listing requirements through the Deadline Date and are unable to get an extension to regain compliance, Nasdaq may
delist our common stock. Reverse splits require approval by stockholders who hold a majority of our voting power. Because many of our
shares are held in street name and brokers do not necessarily vote unvoted shares, we may not receive approval of a reverse split. Additionally,
a reverse stock split typically has the effect of reducing the number of holders of shares in round lots, meaning those
holding 100 or more shares. Another requirement for being listed on Nasdaq is that the Company have a minimum of 300 round lot holders,
so if our stock price falls too low, a reverse split may not be sufficient to solve our Nasdaq non-compliance based on the minimum round
lot requirement. If our common stock is delisted, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our common stock; 

reduced liquidity with respect to our common stock; 

a determination that our shares of common stock are a penny
 stock which will require broker-dealers trading in our 
 common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, including being unable
 to solicit buyers for our common stock; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a limited ability to raise capital in the future. 

If we become subject to a regulatory investigation,
it could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business. 

From time to time, we may
receive inquiries from regulators regarding our compliance with laws and other matters. In 2019, we incurred significant expenses responding
to an SEC investigation into potential insider trading by certain insiders of the Company. Although that investigation has concluded,
responding to, or defending other such actions would cause us to continue to incur substantial expenses and divert our management s
attention. 

Violation of existing or
future regulatory orders or consent decrees could subject us to substantial monetary fines and other penalties that could negatively affect
our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, it is possible that future orders issued by, or enforcement actions initiated
by, regulatory authorities could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner materially
adverse to our business. 

We do not expect to pay dividends in the
future, which means that investors may not be able to realize the value of their shares except through a sale. 

We do not anticipate that
we will declare or pay a cash dividend. We expect to retain future earnings, if any, for our business and do not anticipate paying dividends
on common stock at any time in the foreseeable future. Because we do not anticipate paying dividends in the future, the only opportunity
for our shareholders to realize the creation of value in our common stock will likely be through a sale of those shares. 

15 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We lease all properties where
our business is operated. We believe that these properties are adequate for the purposes for which they are used. All leases are with
unaffiliated third parties. We believe that the loss of any lease would not have a material adverse effect on our operations, as we believe
that we could identify and lease comparable facilities upon approximately equivalent terms. The properties which are material to the Company s
business are described below: 

We lease 14,000 square feet
in Hauppauge, New York for our executive offices and IPS, which we rent under a lease agreement scheduled to expire in 2027. The lease
has annual escalations and rent payments were approximately 31,000 per month during Fiscal 2023. 

We lease 11,000 square feet
in Coon Rapids, Minnesota for Kablooe, which we rent under a lease agreement scheduled to expire in June 2026. The lease has annual escalations
and rent payments were approximately 11,000 per month during Fiscal 2023. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, the Company
may become a party to legal actions or proceedings in the ordinary course of its business. As of September 30, 2023, and through the filing
date of this Form 10-K, there were no such actions or proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, that, if decided adversely
to the Company s interests, the Company believes would be material to its business. 

ITEM 4. 
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not Applicable. 

16 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market for Common Stock 

The principal market for
our common stock is Nasdaq. Our common stock is traded under the symbol FORD . 

On December 8, 2023, the
closing price for our common stock was 0.74. 

Holders of Common Stock 

At November 30, 2023, there
were approximately 70 holders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other
institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock since 1987 and do not plan to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends in
the future, if any, will depend upon our results of operations, as well as our short-term and long-term cash availability, net working
capital, working capital needs, and other factors, as determined by our Board of Directors. Currently, except as may be provided by applicable
laws, there are no contractual or other restrictions on our ability to pay dividends if we were to decide to declare and pay them. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report
on Form 10-K. The following discussion and analysis compares our results of operations for the year ended September 30, 2023 Fiscal
2023 with those for the year ended September 30, 2022 Fiscal 2022 ). All dollar amounts and percentages presented
herein have been rounded to approximate values. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those set forth under Risk Factors. 

Cautionary statement regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This report includes forward-looking
statements , as such term is used within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include,
among other things, statements regarding our liquidity, plans on repaying outstanding debt obligations, expectations regarding the effect
of the pandemic and inflation on our business, as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects,
and business strategies. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by words such as anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, expects, intends, plans, predicts, projects, will
be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based
on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results to differ materially
and adversely from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in particular, the risks discussed under the caption Risk
Factors in Item 1A of this report and those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise
or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and
uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

17 

Business Overview 

Forward Industries, Inc.
is a global design, sourcing and distribution Company serving top tier medical and technology customers worldwide. 

Our design division provides
hardware and software product design and engineering services to customers predominantly located in the U.S. Our OEM distribution division
sources and sells carrying cases and other accessories for medical monitoring and diagnostic kits as well as a variety of other portable
electronic and non-electronic devices to OEMs, or their contract manufacturers worldwide, that either package our products as accessories
 in box together with their branded product offerings or sell them through their retail distribution channels. 

Considering the recurring losses incurred by the
retail segment, in July 2023, the Company decided to cease operations of our retail distribution segment and we are presenting the results
of operations for this segment within discontinued operations in the current and prior periods presented herein. The discontinuation of
the retail segment represents a strategic shift in the Company s business. The primary assets of the retail segment are inventory
and accounts receivable. The Company expects to sell, liquidate, or otherwise dispose of remaining retail inventory by June 30, 2024,
and to collect remaining retail accounts receivable by the end of Fiscal 2024. After this time, we expect to have no further significant
continuing involvement with the retail distribution segment. The inventory of the retail segment is presented as discontinued assets held
for sale on the balance sheets at September 30, 2023 and 2022 and the results of operations for the retail segment have been classified
as discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. All information
and results in this annual report on Form 10-K exclude the discontinued operations unless otherwise noted. See Note 3 to our consolidated
financial statements for additional information on discontinued operations. 

On May 11, 2023, the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services declared the end of the Public Health Emergency for COVID-19; however, the effects of COVID-19
continue to linger throughout the global economy and our businesses. Though the severity of COVID-19 has subsided, new variants, or the
outbreak of a new pathogen, could interrupt business, cause renewed labor and supply chain disruptions, and negatively impact the global
and US economy, which could materially and adversely impact our businesses. 

Additionally, see Part I,
Item 1A Risk Factors for a description of the material risks we currently face in connection with COVID-19. 

Variability of Revenues and Results of Operations 

A significant portion of
our revenue is concentrated with several large customers, some of which are the same and some of which change over time. Orders from some
of these customers can be highly variable, with short lead times, which can cause our quarterly revenues, and consequently our results
of operations, to vary over a relatively short period of time. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We have identified the accounting
policies and significant estimation processes below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations.
The discussion below is not intended to be comprehensive. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically
dictated by U.S. GAAP, with no need for management s judgment. In other cases, management is required to exercise judgment in the
application of accounting principles with respect to particular transactions. The impact and any associated risks related to these policies
on our business operations are discussed throughout this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations where such policies affect reported and expected financial results. For a detailed discussion of the applications
of these and other accounting policies, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this report. The preparation
of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates and such differences could be significant. 

Revenue Recognition 

OEM Distribution Segment 

The OEM distribution
segment recognizes revenue when: (i) finished goods are shipped to its customers (in general, these conditions occur at either point
of shipment or point of destination, depending on the terms of sale and transfer of control); (ii) there are no other deliverables
or performance obligations; and (iii) there are no further obligations to the customer after the title of the goods has transferred.
If the Company receives consideration before achieving the criteria previously mentioned, it records a contract liability, which is
classified as a component of deferred income in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

18 

Design Segment 

The design segment applies
the cost to cost and right to invoice methods of revenue recognition to its contracts with customers. The
design segment typically engages in two types of contracts: (i) time and material and (ii) fixed price. The Company recognizes revenue
over time on its time and material contracts utilizing a right to invoice method. Revenues from fixed price contracts that
require performance of services that are not related to the production of tangible assets are recognized by using cost inputs to measure
progress toward the completion of its performance obligations, or the cost to cost method. Revenues from fixed price contracts
that contain specific deliverables are recognized when the performance obligation has been satisfied or the transfer of goods to the customer
has been completed and accepted. 

Recognized revenues that
will not be billed until a later date, or contract assets, are recorded as an asset and classified as a component of accounts receivable
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Contracts where collections to date have exceeded recognized revenues, or contract liabilities,
are recorded as a liability and classified as a component of deferred income in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Segment Reporting 

As a result of discontinuing
our retail reportable segment, we now have two reportable segments: OEM distribution and design. The OEM distribution segment sources
and distributes carrying cases and other accessories for medical monitoring and diagnostic kits and a variety of other portable electronic
and non-electronic devices directly to OEMs or their contract manufacturers worldwide. The design segment consists of two operating segments
(IPS and Kablooe, which have been aggregated into one reportable segment) that provide a full spectrum of hardware and software product
design and engineering services to customers predominantly located in the U.S. 

Our chief operating decision
maker CODM regularly reviews revenue and operating income for each segment to assess financial results and allocate resources.
For our OEM distribution segment, we exclude general and administrative and general corporate expenses from its measure of profitability
as these expenses are not allocated to the segments and therefore not included in the measure of profitability used by the CODM. For the
design segment, general and administrative expenses directly attributable to that segment are included in its measure of profitability
as these expenses are included in the measure of its profitability reviewed by the CODM. We do not include intercompany activity in our
segment results to be consistent with the information that is presented to the CODM. Segment assets consist of accounts receivable and
inventory, which are regularly reviewed by the CODM, as well as goodwill and intangible assets resulting from design segment acquisitions (see
Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements). 

Inventory Valuation 

Inventories consist primarily
of finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost (determined by the first-in, first-out method) or net realizable value. Based on
management s estimates, an allowance is made to reduce excess, obsolete, or otherwise unsellable inventories to net realizable value.
The allowance is established through charges to cost of sales in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. In determining
the adequacy of the allowance, management s estimates are based upon several factors, including analyses of inventory levels, historical
loss trends, sales history and projections of future sales demand. The Company s estimates of the allowance may change from time
to time based on management s assessments, and such changes could be material. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

We review goodwill for impairment
at least annually, or more often if triggering events occur. We have two reporting units with goodwill (the IPS and Kablooe operating
segments) and we perform our annual goodwill impairment test on September 30, the end of the fiscal year, or upon the occurrence of a
triggering event. We have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if an impairment is more likely than not to have
occurred. If we can support the conclusion that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its
carrying amount, then we would not need to perform a quantitative impairment test for the reporting unit. If we cannot support such a
conclusion or do not elect to perform the qualitative assessment, then we will perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the
fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying
amount, no impairment charge is recognized. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, an impairment charge
will be recognized for the amount by which the reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value. A significant amount of
judgment is required in performing goodwill impairment tests including estimating the fair value of a reporting unit. There were no indications
of goodwill impairment in Fiscal 2023 or Fiscal 2022. 

19 

Our intangible assets are
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
In assessing the recoverability of our intangible assets, we must make estimates and assumptions regarding future cash flows and other
factors to determine the fair value of the respective assets. These estimates and assumptions could have a significant impact on whether
an impairment charge is recognized and the magnitude of any such charge. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based
on relevant information. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgments and therefore
cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. If these estimates or material related
assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges related to our intangible assets. There were no indications
of impairment of intangible assets in Fiscal 2023 or 2022. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In November 2019, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2019-11, Codification Improvements
to Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses. ASU 2019-11 is an accounting pronouncement that provides clarity to
and amends earlier guidance on this topic and would be effective concurrently with the adoption of such earlier guidance. This pronouncement
is effective for us for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022 and interim periods within those fiscal years and is not expected
to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR FISCAL 2023 COMPARED
TO FISCAL 2022 

Consolidated Results 

The table below summarizes our consolidated results
of continuing operations for Fiscal 2023 as compared to Fiscal 2022: 

Consolidated Results of Operations 

Fiscal 2023 
 Fiscal 2022 
 Change ) 
 Change ) 
 
 Net revenues 
 36,688,000 
 38,207,000 
 (1,519,000 
 (4.0 
 
 Cost of sales 
 28,324,000 
 29,407,000 
 (1,083,000 
 (3.7 
 
 Gross profit 
 8,364,000 
 8,800,000 
 (436,000 
 (5.0 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 1,663,000 
 1,478,000 
 185,000 
 12.5 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 6,541,000 
 6,734,000 
 (193,000 
 (2.9 
 
 Operating income 
 160,000 
 588,000 
 (428,000 
 (72.8 
 
 Other expense/(income), net 
 (19,000 
 135,000 
 (154,000 
 (114.1 
 
 Income tax provision 
 20,000 
 3,000 
 17,000 
 566.7 
 
 Income from continuing operations 
 159,000 
 450,000 
 (291,000 
 (64.7 

The decrease in net revenues
in Fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by a decline in revenue in the OEM distribution segment, which was partially offset by revenue growth
in the design segment. 

Gross profit decreased and
gross margin declined from 23.0 in Fiscal 2022 to 22.8 in Fiscal 2023. This decrease was mainly driven by the OEM distribution segment
because of continued pricing pressures from our customers, high product, importation and logistics costs and inflation. 

Sales and marketing expenses
increased primarily due to higher sales related expenses in the design segment, partially offset by lower marketing related overhead in
our OEM distribution segment. Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue increased from 3.9 in Fiscal 2022 to 4.5 in Fiscal
2023. 

General and administrative
expenses decreased in Fiscal 2023, primarily related to bad debt recoveries in the design segment and lower non-employee directors share-based
compensation expense, partially offset by higher professional fees and personnel costs. Management continues to monitor the various components
of general and administrative expenses and how these costs are affected by inflationary and other factors. We intend to adjust these costs
as needed based on the overall needs of the business. 

20 

We reported other
income of 19,000 in Fiscal 2023 as compared to other expense of 135,000 in Fiscal 2022. The variance is due to fair value
adjustments of 70,000 in the 2023 Period to reduce to the fair value of the earnout consideration related to the Kablooe
acquisition, 18,000 of net duty drawback income received in the 2023 Period, interest income from interest bearing deposits,
foreign currency fluctuations and a decrease in interest expense resulting from a reduction in the amount of debt outstanding. 

In Fiscal 2023, we recorded
a tax provision of 20,000, generated income from continuing operations before income taxes of 179,000 and had an effective tax rate
of 11.2 . In Fiscal 2022, we recorded a tax provision of 3,000, generated income from continuing operations before income taxes of 452,000
and had an effective tax rate of 0.5 . 

Consolidated basic and diluted
earnings per share from continuing operations was 0.02 and 0.04 for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. 

Segment Results 

The discussion that follows
below provides further details about the results of operations for each continuing segment as compared to the prior year. 

Segment Results of Operations 

OEM Distribution 
 Design 
 Corporate Expenses 
 Consolidated 
 
 Fiscal 2023 revenues 
 14,002,000 
 22,686,000 
 
 36,688,000 
 
 Fiscal 2022 revenues 
 18,036,000 
 20,171,000 
 
 38,207,000 
 
 Change 
 (4,034,000 
 2,515,000 
 
 (1,519,000 

Fiscal 2023 operating income 
 440,000 
 2,182,000 
 (2,462,000 
 160,000 
 
 Fiscal 2022 operating income 
 905,000 
 2,148,000 
 (2,465,000 
 588,000 
 
 Change 
 (465,000 
 34,000 
 3,000 
 (428,000 

OEM Distribution 

Net revenues in the OEM distribution
segment decreased from lower sales volume from both diabetic customers and other OEM customers. As consumer demand increases for diabetic
testing products which require no carrying case, we expect diabetic product sales to continue to represent a smaller portion of our OEM
distribution revenue. In March 2023, a contract with one of our major diabetic customers expired. Due to increased pricing pressures,
we did not extend our contract with this customer. Revenue from this customer represented approximately 12 of our consolidated net revenues
in the 2022 Period. We expect the loss of this customer to cause a significant decline in OEM distribution segment revenues in future
periods. 

The following tables set
forth revenues by product line of our OEM distribution segment customers for the periods indicated: 

OEM Revenues by Product Line 

Fiscal 2023 
 Fiscal 2022 
 Change ) 
 Change ) 
 
 Diabetic products 
 11,805,000 
 15,403,000 
 (3,598,000 
 (23.4 
 
 Other products 
 2,197,000 
 2,633,000 
 (436,000 
 (16.6 
 
 Total net revenues 
 14,002,000 
 18,036,000 
 (4,034,000 
 (22.4 

Diabetic Product Revenues 

Our OEM distribution segment
sources to the order of, and sells carrying cases for, blood glucose diagnostic kits directly to OEMs (or their contract manufacturers).
The OEM customer or its contract manufacturer packages our carry cases in box as a custom accessory for the OEM s
blood glucose testing and monitoring kits or, to a lesser extent, sells them through their retail distribution channels. 

21 

Revenues from diabetic products
decreased due to the loss of a major customer in March 2023, lower demand from one major customer and the loss of one product to a competitor.
These decreases were partially offset by an increase in demand from another customer, which was timing related. As mentioned above, management
believes that revenues from diabetic customers will continue to decline. 

Revenues from diabetic products
represented 84 of net revenues for the OEM distribution segment in Fiscal 2023 compared to 85 in Fiscal 2022. 

Other Product Revenues 

Our OEM distribution segment
also sources and sells cases and protective solutions for a diverse array of portable electronic and non-electronic products (such as
sporting and recreational products, bar code scanners, GPS devices, tablets and firearms) on a made-to-order basis that are customized
to fit the products sold by our OEM customers. 

Revenues from other products
decreased due to lower sales volume with some existing customers, partially driven by the delayed rollout of certain customer product
lines and reduced demand from some customers. We will continue to focus on our sales and sales support teams in our continued efforts
to expand and diversify our other products customer base. 

Operating Income 

Operating income for the
OEM distribution segment declined and operating income margin declined to 3.1 in Fiscal 2023, compared to 5.0 in Fiscal 2022, driven
by lower gross margins and a shift in the mix of revenue. While revenues decreased in both diabetic and other products, a large portion
of the decrease in diabetic revenue was from more profitable products, thus driving overall gross margins down. The cost of importing
all products from China has increased and both the diabetic and other OEM product lines have experienced pricing pressures from customers.
The decline in gross margin was partially mitigated by lower selling and marketing costs related to OEM sales commissions. We continue
to work on expanding our product offerings to include higher margin products and enhancing our sales efforts to grow revenue and increase
gross profit. 

Considering the loss of a
significant diabetic customer, management reduced its OEM distribution segment sales and marketing personnel in March 2023 and reduced
its sourcing fee with Forward China. Effective April 1, 2023, the Company and Forward China agreed to reduce the fixed portion of the
sourcing fee from 100,000 to 83,333 per month for the remaining term of the sourcing agreement, which resulted in cash savings of 100,000
for Fiscal 2023. The Company and Forward China signed a new Supply Agreement effective October 2023, which further reduced the fixed portion
of the sourcing fee to 65,833 per month. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on the sourcing agreement
with Forward China. 

Design Segment 

The increase in net revenues
in the design segment was driven by an increase in revenue from one major customer, coupled with an increase in projects from new and
existing customers, which was partially offset by declines in revenues from certain prior year customers. 

Operating income for the
design segment increased slightly but operating income margin decreased from 10.6 in Fiscal 2022 to 9.6 in Fiscal 2023. The impact of
higher direct labor costs driven by inflationary pressures, coupled with higher sales and marketing expenses, was slightly offset by better
utilization and increased billing rates and lower general and administrative expenses, driven by bad debt recoveries. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Our primary source of liquidity
is our operations. The primary demand on our working capital has historically been (i) operating losses, (ii) repayment of debt obligations,
and (iii) any increases in accounts receivable and inventories arising in the ordinary course of business. Historically, our sources of
liquidity have been adequate to satisfy working capital requirements arising in the ordinary course of business. At September 30, 2023,
our working capital was 26,000 compared to 1,209,000 at September 30, 2022, which excludes discontinued assets held for sale. The decrease
was primarily due to higher payables and accrued expenses and a decrease in accounts receivable, partially offset by an increase in cash.
At November 30, 2023, we had approximately 3,800,000 cash on hand and 1,300,000 available under our line of credit with a bank which
matures May 31, 2024. There are no assurances this line of credit will extend beyond May 31, 2024. 

22 

Forward China, our
largest vendor and an entity owned by our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, holds a 1,600,000 promissory note (the
 FC Note issued by us which matures on December 31, 2024 (see Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements). The
balance of the FC Note was reduced to 1,100,000 after we made principal payments of 500,000 in Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022.
Although the FC Note has been extended on multiple occasions to assist us with our liquidity position, we plan on funding the
repayment at maturity using existing cash balances and/or obtaining additional extensions as deemed necessary. Additionally, Forward
China has extended payment terms on our outstanding payables due to them when necessary. At September 30, 2023, our accounts payable
due to Forward China was approximately 8,246,000. In connection with the new sourcing agreement (see Note 14 to the consolidated
financial statements) and in order to preserve our future liquidity, Forward China agreed to limit the amount of outstanding
payables it would seek to collect from us to 500,000 in any 12-month period, which we agreed to pay within 30 days of any such
request. This agreement pertains only to payables that were outstanding at October 30, 2023 of 7,365,000. Purchases from Forward
China made after October 30, 2023, are not covered by this agreement and are expected to be paid according to normal payment terms.
We can provide no assurance that (i) Forward China will extend the FC Note again if we request an extension, (ii) Forward China will
extend additional payment terms on any payables not covered by the agreement, if needed, or (iii) any additional credit
facility will be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

We anticipate that our liquidity
and financial resources for the 12 months following the date of this report will be adequate to manage our operating and financial requirements.
If we have the opportunity to make a strategic acquisition (as we have in the past with the acquisitions of IPS and Kablooe) or an investment
in a product or partnership, we may require additional capital beyond our current cash balance to fund the opportunity. If we seek to
raise additional capital, there is no assurance that we will be able to raise funds on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. In the
current environment of rising interest rates, any future borrowing is expected to result in higher interest expense. 

Although we do not anticipate
the need to purchase any additional material capital assets in order to carry out our business, it may be necessary for us to purchase
equipment and other capital assets in the future, depending on need. 

Cash Flows 

During Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal
2022, our sources and uses of cash were as follows: 

Operating Activities 

During Fiscal 2023,
cash provided by operating activities of 1,041,000 resulted from a decrease in discontinued assets held for sale of 2,642,00, an
increase in accounts payable and amounts due to Forward China of 783,000, an increase in accounts receivable of 495,000, non-cash
charges for depreciation, amortization, share-based compensation and bad debt expense of 481,000 and the net change in other
operating assets and liabilities of 427,000, partially offset by the 70,000 non-cash adjustment to the fair value of the Kablooe
earnout consideration and the net loss of 3,737,000. 

During Fiscal 2022, cash
provided by operating activities of 1,535,000 resulted from an increase in accounts payable and amounts due to Forward China of 1,856,000,
a decrease in accounts receivable of 953,000, non-cash charges for depreciation, amortization, share-based compensation and bad debt
expense of 775,000, an increase in accrued expenses of 624,000 and the net change in other operating assets and liabilities of 552,000,
partially offset by the net loss of 1,378,000 and an increase in discontinued assets held for sale of 1,847,000. 

Investing Activities 

In Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal
2022, cash used for investing activities of 136,000 and 170,000, respectively, resulted from purchases of property and equipment. 

Financing Activities 

In Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal
2022, cash used in financing activities of 300,000 and 200,000, respectively, consisted of principal payments on the promissory note
held by Forward China. 

23 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report may be found beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management carried out
an evaluation, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on their evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer
and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2023. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act).
Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, evaluated
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this report. In making this
assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework as issued in 2013. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, was effective based on that criteria. 

Our internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external
reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management
and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control 

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting identified in management's evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange
Act during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

On December 14, 2023, the Board of Directors
approved the following changes to the Fiscal 2024 non-employee director NED and Chief Executive Officer CEO compensation: 

NED compensation was
reduced by 25 (resulting in a cost savings of 50,000) 

 CEO compensation was reduced by 25 
(resulting in a cost savings of 84,250) 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not Applicable. 

24 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required
by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. Our Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
applicable to all officers, directors and employees, which is available on our website (https://forwardindustries.com) under Investors ,
 Governance. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver
from, a provision of our Code of Conduct and by posting such information on the website address and location specified above. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required
by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required
by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required
by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required
by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 

25 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 Documents filed as part of the report. 

(1) 
 Financial Statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, which appears on page F-1 hereof. The financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed herewith in response to this Item. 

(2) 
 Financial Statements Schedules. All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or because the required information is contained in the consolidated financial statements or notes included in this report. 

(3) 
 Exhibits. See the Exhibit Index. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not Applicable. 

26 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: December 21, 2023 

FORWARD INDUSTRIES, INC. 

By: /s/ Terence Wise 
Terence Wise 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

December 21, 2023 
 /s/ Terence Wise 
Terence Wise 
Principal Executive Officer and Director 

December 21, 2023 
 /s/ Kathleen Weisberg Kathleen Weisberg 
 Chief Financial
 Officer Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

December 21, 2023 
 /s/ Sangita Shah 
Sangita Shah 
Director 

December 21, 2023 

/s/ James Ziglar 
James Ziglar 
Director 
 
 December 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Sharon Hrynkow 
 Sharon Hrynkow 
 Director 

27 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by 
Reference 

Exhibit 
No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 Form 
 Date 
 Number 
 Filed or 
Furnished 
Herewith 
 
 2.1 
 
 Stock Purchase
 Agreement dated January 18, 2018 - Intelligent Product Solutions, Inc.+ 
 8-K 
 1/18/18 
 2.1 

2.2 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement dated August 17, 2020 - Kablooe, Inc.+ 
 8-K 
 8/17/20 
 2.1 

3.1 
 
 Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation 
 10-K 
 12/8/10 
 3(i) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, April 26, 2013 
 8-K 
 4/26/13 
 3.1 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation, June 28, 2013 
 8-K 
 7/3/13 
 3.1 

3.4 
 
 Third Amended
 and Restated Bylaws, as of May 28, 2014 
 10-K 
 12/10/14 
 3(ii) 

4.1 
 
 Description
 of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934 
 10-K 
 12/27/19 
 4.1 

4.2 
 
 Promissory
 Note dated January 18, 2018 Forward Industries (Asia-Pacific) Corporation (as amended and restated) 
 10-K 
 12/16/22 
 4.2 

10.1 
 
 2011 Long
 Term Incentive Plan, as amended 
 10-Q 
 2/14/19 
 4.3 

10.2 
 
 2021
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 8-K 
 12/23/20 
 4.1 

10.3 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement dated May 26, 2021 Paul Severino 
 10-K 
 12/16/21 
 10.4(a) 

10.4 
 
 Summary of Employment Arrangement - Terence Wise 

Filed 
 
 10.5 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated July 1, 2023 Kathleen Weisberg 
 8-K 
 6/30/23 
 10.1 

10.6 
 
 Paycheck
 Protection Program Term Note payable to TD Bank, N.A. dated April 18, 2020 
 8-K 
 4/22/20 
 10.1 

10.7 
 
 Amended
 and Restated TD Bank Revolving Term Note dated September 28, 2018 
 8-K 
 10/2/18 
 10.1 

10.8 
 
 TD Bank
 Modification Agreement dated September 28, 2018 
 8-K 
 10/2/18 
 10.2 

10.9 
 
 Consultancy Agreement dated March 1, 2022 - Justwise Group Ltd. 
 10-Q 
 5/12/22 
 10.1 

10.10 
 
 Consultancy Agreement dated September 1, 2022 - Justwise Group Ltd . 
 10-K 
 12/16/22 
 10.11 

10.10(a) 
 
 Extension to the Consultancy Agreement Justwise Group Ltd. 
 8-K 
 11/8/23 
 10.4 

10.11 
 
 Employment Agreement dated January 18, 2018 - Robert Wild 
 10-K 
 12/16/22 
 10.12 

10.12 
 
 Employment Agreement dated August 17, 2020 Tom KraMer 
 10-K 
 12/16/22 
 10.13 

10.13 
 
 Buying Agency and Supply Agreement dated November 2, 2023 Forward Industries (Asia-Pacific) Corporation + 
 8-K 
 11/8/23 
 10.1 

10.14 
 
 Deferred Payment Agreement 
 8-K 
 11/8/23 
 10.2 

21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries 
 10-K 
 12/17/20 
 21.1 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Filed 
 
 31.1 
 
 CEO Certifications (302) 

Filed 
 
 31.2 
 
 CFO Certification (302) 

Filed 
 
 32.1 
 
 CEO and CFO Certifications (906) 

Furnished 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the Instance Document
 does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

Filed 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document 

Filed 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 

Filed 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 

Filed 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

______________________ 

Management compensatory agreement or arrangement. 

+ Certain schedules, appendices and exhibits to this agreement have
been omitted in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished supplementally
to the Securities and Exchange Commission staff upon request. 

As previously disclosed, this executive officer has received an
increase to his annual Base Salary. 

Copies of this filing (including the financial statements) and any
of the exhibits referred to above will be furnished at no cost to our shareholders who make a written request to Forward Industries, Inc.;
700 Veterans Memorial Hwy, Suite 100, Hauppauge, NY 11788; Attention: Corporate Secretary. 

28 

FORWARD INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB # 

F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2023 and 2022 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 Forward Industries, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Forward Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Assessment of Going Concern (Note 1 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements) 

Significant judgment is exercised by the Company
in determining whether there is substantial doubt the Company will continue as a going concern. Specifically, the Company s forecasted
cash flows are sensitive to significant assumptions such as projected revenue and projected operating results, all of which are affected
by the expected future market or economic conditions, including the residual effects of the global pandemic, and inflation. 

Given these factors, the related audit effort
in evaluating management s judgments in determining the Company s ability to continue as a going concern was challenging,
subjective, and complex and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

F- 2 

How our Audit Addressed the Critical Audit
Matter 

Our principal audit procedures related to the
Company s assessment of going concern included the following: 

Obtaining
an understanding of and evaluating the Company s process to develop forecasted cash flows, including significant assumptions used
in developing forecasted cash flows as well as considering the appropriateness of the underlying data used by the Company in its analyses. 

Evaluating
the reasonableness of the Company s forecasted revenue, operating results, and cash flows by comparing those forecasts to underlying
business strategies, including customer relationships and the Company s ability to obtain new customers, and to historical results.
In addition, we performed sensitivity analyses related to the key inputs used in the Company s forecasted cash flows, including
evaluating whether the changes in the assumptions would result in a material change in forecasted cash flows. 

Evaluating
management s ability to accurately forecast future cash flows by comparing the Company s historical forecasted sales, operating
results and cash flow forecasts to actual results. 

/s/ 

 We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2011. 

December 21, 2023 

F- 3 

FORWARD INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Discontinued assets held for sale 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and shareholders' equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Due to Forward China 

Deferred income 

Current portion of earnout consideration 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Other liabilities: 

Note payable to Forward China 

Operating lease liability, less current portion 

Earnout consideration, less current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 

Shareholders' equity: 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2023 and 2022 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

FORWARD INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Revenues, net 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Sales and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Operating income 

Fair value adjustment of earnout consideration 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Other (income)/expense, net 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Income from continuing operations 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net loss 

Basic earnings/(loss) per share : 

Basic earnings per share from continuing operations 

Basic loss per share from discontinued operations 

Basic loss per share 

Diluted earnings/(loss) per share: 

Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 

Diluted loss per share from discontinued operations 

Diluted loss per share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

FORWARD INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2023 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2022 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

FORWARD INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Share-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt expense 

Change in fair value of earn-out consideration 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Discontinued assets held for sale 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and due to Forward China 

Deferred income 

Net changes in operating lease liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing Activities: 

Repayment of note payable to Forward China 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash Information: 

Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

FORWARD INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of borrowing available under its line of credit with a bank that was renewed in March
2023 and has a maturity date of May 31, 2024 (see Note 17). By discontinuing the retail segment, which incurred significant losses, the
Company expects improvement in operating profitability and cash flows in future periods. The Company s OEM distribution segment
procures substantially all its products through independent suppliers in China through Forward China. In connection with the new sourcing
agreement and in order to preserve future liquidity, in November 2023, the Company and Forward China entered into an agreement whereby
Forward China agreed to limit the amount of outstanding payables it would seek to collect from the Company to 500,000 in any 12-month
period, which the Company agreed to pay within 30 days of any such request (see Note 14). This agreement pertains only to payables that
were outstanding at October 30, 2023 of approximately 7,365,000. Purchases from Forward China made after October 30, 2023 are not covered
by this agreement and are expected to be paid according to normal payment terms. Based on our forecasted cash flows, discontinuing our
retail segment and the agreement with Forward China, we believe our existing cash balance and working capital will be sufficient to meet
our liquidity needs through at least December 31, 2024. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Impact of COVID-19 

On May 11, 2023, the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services declared the end of the Public Health Emergency for COVID-19; however, the effects of COVID-19
continue to linger throughout the global economy and our businesses. Though the severity of COVID-19 has subsided, new variants, or the
outbreak of a new pathogen, could interrupt our business, cause renewed labor and supply chain disruptions, and negatively impact the
global and US economy, which could materially and adversely impact our business. 

indications of impairment of goodwill in Fiscal 2023
or 2022. 

Our intangible assets are
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
In assessing the recoverability of our intangible assets, we must make estimates and assumptions regarding future cash flows and other
factors to determine the fair value of the respective assets. These estimates and assumptions could have a significant impact on whether
an impairment charge is recognized and the magnitude of any such charge. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based
on relevant information. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgments and therefore
cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. If these estimates or material related
assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges related to our intangible assets. Management evaluated
and concluded that there were indications of impairments of intangible assets at September 30, 2023 or 2022. 

(which includes 
in a foreign bank) and 
(which includes 
in a foreign bank), respectively, held in excess of federally insured limits. Historically, we have not experienced any losses due
to such cash concentrations. 

and at September 30, 2023 and 2022,
respectively) and contract assets as described further below under the heading Revenue Recognition. The Company maintains
an allowance for doubtful accounts and customer allowances (for trade, promotional or other discounts), which is recorded as a reduction
to accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheets. Collectability of accounts receivable is estimated by evaluating the number
of days accounts are outstanding, customer payment history, recent payment trends and perceived creditworthiness, adjusted as necessary
based on specific customer situations. At September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had allowances for the OEM distribution segment,
allowances for doubtful accounts and customer allowances of and , respectively, for the discontinued retail distribution
segment and and , respectively, for the design segment. 

The Company has agreements
with various retailers which contain different terms for trade discounts, promotional and other sales allowances. At September 30, 2023,
2022 and 2021, the Company recorded accounts receivable allowances of , and , respectively, for the retail distribution
segment. 

contract liabilities at September
30, 2023, 2022 or 2021. 

Discontinued Retail Distribution Segment 

The retail distribution segment
sells products primarily through online websites operated by authorized third-party retailers. Revenue is recognized when control (as
defined in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers of the related
goods is transferred to the retailer, which generally occurs upon shipment to the end customer. Other than product delivery, the retail
distribution segment does not typically have other deliverables or performance obligations associated with its products. Revenue is measured
as the amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for the products provided, net of allowances taken by retailers for
product returns and any taxes collected from customers that will be remitted to governmental authorities. When the Company receives consideration
before achieving the criteria previously mentioned, it records a contract liability, which is classified as a component of deferred income
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The retail distribution segment had contract liabilities at September 30, 2023, 2022
or 2021. The results of operations of the retail segment are reported as discontinued operations for Fiscal 2023 and 2022. See Note 3. 

Design Segment 

The Company applies the cost
to cost and right to invoice methods of revenue recognition to the contracts with customers in the design segment.
The design segment typically engages in two types of contracts: (i) time and material and (ii) fixed price. The Company recognizes revenue
over time on its time and material contracts utilizing a right to invoice method. Revenues from fixed price contracts that
require performance of services that are not related to the production of tangible assets are recognized by using cost inputs to measure
progress toward the completion of its performance obligations, or the cost to cost method. Revenues from fixed price contracts
that contain specific deliverables are recognized when the performance obligation has been satisfied or the transfer of goods to the customer
has been completed and accepted. 

Recognized revenues that
will not be billed until a later date, or contract assets, are recorded as an asset and classified as a component of accounts receivable
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The design segment had contract assets of , and at September
30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Contracts where collections to date have exceeded recognized revenues, or contract liabilities,
are recorded as a liability and classified as a component of deferred income in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The design
segment had contract liabilities of , and at September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

relating to discounts
deemed necessary to sell the remaining retail inventory. Additionally, on September 30, 2023, the Company had unfulfilled purchase orders
for retail products totaling approximately . As of September 30, 2023, the Company made prepayments on these orders of approximately
 . Due to the Retail Exit, the Company and Forward China agreed to cancel the full amount of these orders. The unpaid balance on
the purchase orders of approximately , is accrued for as of September 30, 2023 and included in Due to Forward China on the consolidated
balance sheets. Collectively, the additional inventory reserve, write off of the prepayments and accrual on the unfulfilled purchase orders
represent the loss on classification of discontinued assets held for sale shown in the table below. The total amount related to the retail
segment included in Due to Forward China on the consolidated balance sheets was approximately (which includes the 723,000
due on canceled purchase orders) at September 30, 2023 and at September 30, 2022. 

The following table presents the major classes
of the Net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax in our consolidated statements of operations. 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Sales and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Loss on classification as held for sale 

Net loss from discontinued operations before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Loss from discontinued operations 

At September 30, 2023 and
2022, discontinued assets held for sale of and , respectively, consist of the net inventory of the retail segment.
These numbers include an allowance of and , respectively to reduce excess or otherwise unsellable inventory to its
estimated net realizable value. 

There was no depreciation,
amortization, investing or financing cash flow activities, or other significant noncash operating cash flow activities for the retail
segment in Fiscal 2023 or 2022. 

Less accumulated amortization 

Net carrying amount 

The Company s
intangible assets resulted from the acquisitions of Kablooe and IPS in Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2018, respectively, and relate to the
design segment of our business. Intangible assets are amortized over their expected useful lives of years
for the trademarks and eight years
for the customer relationships. During Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, the Company recorded amortization expense related to intangible
assets of , which
is included in general and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 

At September 30, 2023, estimated
amortization expense for the Company s intangible assets for each of the next five years and thereafter is as follows: 

Fiscal 2025 

Fiscal 2026 

Fiscal 2027 

Fiscal 2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

Goodwill 

Goodwill represents the future
economic benefits of assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified or separately recognized. The Company s
goodwill resulted from the acquisitions of Kablooe and IPS in Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2018, respectively and are held under the design
segment of our business. The goodwill associated with the IPS acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes, but the goodwill associated
with the Kablooe acquisition is deductible for tax purposes. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Equipment 

Property and equipment, cost 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 
 274,000 
 241,000 

Depreciation expense was and 
for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. 

and 
at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, represents the fair value of the contingent earnout consideration related to the
acquisition of Kablooe, which provides annual contingent earnout payments based on results of operations through August 2025. The current
and non-current portions of this liability are shown in the corresponding categories on the consolidated balance sheets in each period
presented. The fair value of the earnout liability is measured on a recurring basis at each reporting date using a Black-Scholes valuation
model with the following inputs and assumptions, which are categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy: 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term in years 

Dividend yield 

In Fiscal 2023, the Company
reduced this liability from 70,000 to 0 based on changes in the expected likelihood of Kablooe reaching the specified earnings targets.
In Fiscal 2022, there were no changes to the total fair value of this earnout liability. 

Paid time off 

Other 

Total 
 1,358,000 
 1,154,000 

shares of blank check preferred stock. The Board has the authority and discretion, without shareholder
approval, to issue preferred stock in one or more series for any consideration it deems appropriate, and to fix the relative rights and
preferences thereof including their redemption, dividend and conversion rights. Of these shares, shares have been authorized as
the Series A Participating Preferred Stock. There were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding at September 30, 2023 or 2022. 

Warrants 

At September 30, 2023, the
Company had warrants outstanding and exercisable, which have an exercise price of per share and an expiration date 90 days
after a registration statement registering common stock (other than pursuant to an employee benefit plan) is declared effective by the
Securities and Exchange Commission. During Fiscal 2023, of the warrants outstanding at September 30, 2022 expired. 

Nasdaq 

On July 31, 2023, the Company
was notified by Nasdaq that it was not compliant with its closing bid price requirement because the closing bid price of our common stock
was below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive trading days. The Company has until January 29, 2024 (the Deadline Date to become compliant. We have since remained non-compliant with the closing bid price requirement as our stock price has remained
below 1.00 since we received the notice. We are currently assessing all options to regain compliance. 

shares of common stock for grants of various types of equity awards to officers, directors,
employees and consultants. Upon approval of the 2021 Plan, no additional awards were granted under the 2011 Long Term Incentive Plan
(the 2011 Plan ), which expired according to its terms in March 2021. Shares authorized under the 2021 Plan include 1,000,000
new shares and 291,000 shares that remained available under the 2011 Plan. Awards which are forfeited or expire are eligible for regrant
under the 2021 Plan. The exercise prices of stock options granted may not be less than the fair market value of the common stock as quoted
on the Nasdaq stock market on the grant date and the expiration date of option awards may not exceed 10 years. At September 30, 2023,
there were shares of common stock available for grants under the 2021 Plan. 

Stock Options 

The fair value of option
awards is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses the assumptions in the following table.
The expected term represents the period over which the stock option awards are expected to be outstanding. The Company utilizes the simplified
method to develop an estimate of the expected term of plain vanilla option grants. The expected volatility used is based
on the historical price of the Company s stock over the most recent period commensurate with the expected term of the award. The
risk-free interest rate used is based on the implied yield of U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equivalent to the
award s expected term. The Company historically has not paid any dividends on its common stock and had no intention to do so on
the date the share-based awards were granted. The Company accounts for forfeitures in the period they occur. 

In applying the Black-Scholes
option pricing model to options granted, the Company used the following assumptions: 

Expected volatility 

- 
 
 Risk free interest rate 

- 
 
 Expected dividends 

In Fiscal 2023, the Company
granted options to three of its non-employee directors to purchase an aggregate of shares of its common stock at an exercise price
of per share. The options vest six months from the date of grant and expire five years from the date of grant. The options have
a weighted average grant-date fair value of per share and an aggregate grant-date fair value of , which will be recognized
ratably over the vesting period. 

On October 1, 2023, the Company
granted options to three of its non-employee directors to purchase an aggregate of shares of its common stock at an exercise price
of per share. The options vest one year from the date of grant and expire five years from the date of the grant. The options have
a weighted average grant-date fair value of per share and an aggregate grant-date fair value of , which will be recognized
ratably over the vesting period. 

In Fiscal 2022, the Company
made the following option grants which collectively had a weighted-average grant date fair value of per share: 

Options
to current and former non-employee directors to purchase an aggregate of shares of its common stock. The options were granted
throughout Fiscal 2022, expire five to ten years from the date of grant, 145,000 vested immediately, 129,000 vest one year from the date
of grant and 23,000 were forfeited prior to vesting. These options had an aggregate grant date fair value of , which is being
recognized ratably over the vesting period. 

Options
to an employee to purchase shares of its common stock. These options were granted in January and July of 2022, vest ratably over
two years, expire five years from the date of grant and had an aggregate grant date fair value of , which is being recognized
ratably over the vesting period. 

The Company recognized compensation
expense for stock option awards of and during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively, which was recorded as a component
of general and administrative expenses in its consolidated statements of operations. 

options were exercised
during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022. 

At September 30, 2023, there
was of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock option awards that is expected to be recognized over a weighted
average period of years. 

The following table summarizes
stock option activity during Fiscal 2023: 

Granted 

Expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2023 

Exercisable at September 30, 2023 

Options outstanding at September
30, 2023 have an exercise price between and per share. 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit) 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 
 20,000 
 3,000 

The deferred tax provision/(benefit)
is the change in the deferred tax assets and liabilities representing the tax consequences of changes in the amounts of temporary differences,
net operating loss carryforwards and changes in tax rates during the fiscal year. 

The Company s deferred
tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the following: 

Share-based compensation 

AMT other tax credits 

Excess tax over book basis in inventory 

Reserves and other allowances 

Deferred rent 

Lease liability 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued related party interest 

Charitable contributions 

Interest expense limitation 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Depreciation 

Prepaid expenses 

Intangible assets 

ROU Asset 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

The Company recorded a provision
for income taxes which includes net expense of 20,000 and 3,000 in Fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively, primarily for state income tax
expenses in states where net operating loss carryforwards NOLs were not available. 

At September 30, 2023, the
Company had available NOLs for U.S. federal income tax purposes of and NOLs for state income tax purposes of . NOLs
generated prior to 2018 expire beginning in 2031 while NOLs generated after 2018 have an indefinite carryforward period. The NOLs result
in a deferred tax asset of with respect to U.S. federal income taxes and for state income taxes. In addition, at September
30, 2023, the Company had available NOLs for foreign income tax purposes of , resulting in a deferred tax asset of ,
expiring through 2028. Total net deferred tax assets, before valuation allowance, were and at September 30, 2023
and 2022, respectively. Undistributed earnings of the Company's foreign subsidiaries are considered permanently reinvested; therefore,
in accordance with U.S. GAAP, no provision for U.S. federal or state income taxes would result. In Fiscal 2023, Forward Switzerland had
a net loss for tax purposes of and Forward UK had a net loss for tax purposes of . 

At September 30, 2023, as
part of its periodic evaluation of the necessity to maintain a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets, and after consideration
of all factors, including, among others, projections of future taxable income, current year NOL utilization and the extent of the Company's
cumulative losses in recent years, the Company determined that, on a more likely than not basis, it would not be able to use remaining
deferred tax assets, except with respect to the U.S. federal income taxes in the event the Company elects to effect repatriation of certain
foreign source income of Forward Switzerland, which income is currently considered to be permanently reinvested and for which no U.S.
tax liability has been accrued. Accordingly, the Company has determined to maintain a full valuation allowance against its net deferred
tax assets. At September 30, 2023 and 2022, the valuation allowance was 4,102,000 and 2,826,000, respectively. The change in the valuation
allowance of 1,275,000 is comprised of 171,000 from continuing operations and 1,104,000 from discontinued operations. In the future,
the utilization of the Company's NOLs may be subject to certain change of control limitations. If the Company determines that it will
be able to use some or all of its deferred tax assets in a future reporting period, the adjustment to reduce or eliminate the valuation
allowance would reduce its income tax expense and increase after-tax income. 

The significant elements
contributing to the difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate and the Company s effective tax rate are as follows: 

State tax rate, net of federal benefit 

Foreign rate differential 

Tax return to provision adjustments 

Effect of state tax rate change 

Change in valuation allowance 

Permanent differences 

Effective tax rate 

At September 30, 2023 and
2022, the Company had not accrued any interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. It is the Company's policy to recognize
interest and/or penalties, if any, related to income tax matters in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
For the periods presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, no material income tax related interest or penalties
were assessed or recorded. All fiscal years prior to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, are closed to federal and state examination. 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net loss 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Dilutive common share equivalents 

Weighted average dilutive shares outstanding 

Basic earnings/(loss) per share : 

Basic earnings per share from continuing operations 

Basic loss per share from discontinued operations 

Basic loss per share 

Diluted earnings/(loss) per share: 

Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 

Diluted loss per share from discontinued operations 

Diluted loss per share 

The following securities
were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share in Fiscal 2023 and 2022 because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive: 

Warrants 

Total potentially dilutive shares 

,
of which was recorded in sales and marketing expenses and was recorded in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated
statements of operations. Total operating lease expense in Fiscal 2022 was , of which was recorded in sales and
marketing expenses and was recorded in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 
Cash paid for amounts included in operating lease liabilities in Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, which have been included in cash flows from
operating activities, was and , respectively. 

At September 30, 2023, the
Company s operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of years and a weighted average discount rate of . 

Future minimum payments under non-cancellable
operating leases are as follows: 

Fiscal 2025 

Fiscal 2026 

Fiscal 2027 

Fiscal 2028 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Less current portion of lease liabilities 
 416,000 
 
 Long-term portion of lease liabilities 
 2,834,000 

and 
during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively, which are included as a component of cost of sales upon sales of the related products.
The Company had purchases from Forward China of and during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. 

The Company has a separate
agreement with Forward China to address the potential impact of customers sourcing directly from Forward China. In the event a customer
bypasses the services of the Company and does business directly with Forward China, Forward China will pay a commission of 50 of the
net revenue, less direct costs, generated from the products or services sold. No commissions were recognized in Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal
2022. 

In connection with the new
sourcing agreement and in order to preserve the Company s future liquidity, in November 2023, the Company and Forward China entered
into an agreement whereby Forward China agreed to limit the amount of outstanding payables it would seek to collect from the Company to
 500,000 in any 12-month period, which the Company agreed to pay within 30 days of any such request. This agreement pertains only to payables
that were outstanding at October 30, 2023 of approximately . Purchases from Forward China made after October 30, 2023 are not
covered by this agreement and are expected to be paid according to normal payment terms. 

The Company made prepayments
to Forward China for inventory purchases of at September 30, 2022, which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets
on the consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2023, there were no such prepayments. During 2023, as a result of the Retail Exit,
the Company recognized a loss of approximately relating to the termination of unfulfilled purchase orders for retail products
(see Note 3). 

Promissory Note 

On January 18, 2018, the
Company issued a unsecured promissory note payable to Forward China to fund the acquisition of IPS. The promissory note bears
interest at a rate of per annum and had an original maturity date of January 18, 2019. Monthly interest payments commenced on February
18, 2018, with the principal due at maturity. The Company incurred and paid interest associated with this note of and 
in Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. The maturity date of this note was extended to . The maturity date of the
note has been extended on several occasions to assist the Company with liquidity. The Company made principal payments of and
 on this note during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively, and this note has a remaining balance of at September
30, 2023. 

Other Related Party Activity 

In October 2020, the Company
began selling smart-enabled furniture, which is sourced by Forward China and sold in the U.S. under the Koble brand name. The Koble brand
is owned by The Justwise Group Ltd. Justwise a company owned by Terence Wise, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of
the Company. The Company recognized revenues from the sale of Koble products of and in Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022,
respectively. Due to the Retail Exit, these revenues are included in the loss from discontinued operations for Fiscal 2023 and 2022. 

The Company entered into
an agreement with Justwise effective March 1, 2022, under which (i) Justwise will perform design and marketing services related to the
Koble products sold by the Company and (ii) the Company was granted a license to sell Koble products. In exchange for such services, the
Company will pay Justwise 10,000 per month plus 1 of the cost of Koble products purchased from Forward China. This agreement was effective
until August 31, 2023. Effective September 1, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement to extend this agreement on a month-to-month
basis and to expand its scope to include inventory management assistance. The Company incurred costs of under this agreement
for Fiscal 2023, of which was included in selling and marketing expenses and is included as a component of cost of sales
upon sales of the related products. The Company incurred costs of under this agreement for Fiscal 2022, of which was included
in selling and marketing expenses and is included as a component of cost of sales upon sales of the related products. The Company
had accounts payable to Justwise of and at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The Company recorded revenue
from a customer whose principal owner is an immediate family member of Jenny P. Yu, a shareholder of the Company and managing director
of Forward China. The Company recognized revenues from this customer of and in Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, respectively.
The Company had no accounts receivable from this customer at September 30, 2023 or 2022. 

A member of the Company s
Audit, Governance and Compensation Committees of its Board of Directors is also a member of the Board of Directors of a company to whom
the Company s OEM distribution segment sold products during Fiscal 2022. The Company recognized revenue of and from the
sale of such products during Fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

during Fiscal 2023, of which 
was recorded to cost of sales, 
was recorded to sales and marketing expense and 
was recorded to general and administrative expense on the consolidated statement of operations. The Company made immediately vested
contributions of 
during Fiscal 2022, of which 
was recorded to cost of sales, 
was recorded to sales and marketing expense and 
was recorded to general and administrative expense on the consolidated statement of operations. 

Design 

Total segment revenues 

Operating Income/(Loss) 

Fiscal 2023 
 Fiscal 2022 
 
 OEM distribution 

Design 

Total segment operating income 

General corporate expenses 

Operating loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

Other expense/(income), net 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Fiscal 2023 
 Fiscal 2022 
 
 OEM distribution 

Design 

Total 

Design 

Total segment assets 

General corporate assets 

Discontinued assets held for sale 

Other assets of discontinued retail segment 

Total assets 

Geographic Concentrations 

The Company s long-lived
assets consist of property and equipment and operating lease right-of-use assets, all of which are located in the United States. The
following table sets forth our consolidated net revenues by country for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022: 

China 

Germany 

Poland 

Other foreign countries 

Total 

Customer Concentrations

The Company had certain customers
in the OEM distribution segment whose individual percentage of the Company s consolidated revenues was 10 or greater. Revenue from
one of these customers or their affiliates or contract manufacturers represented of the Company s consolidated net revenues
in Fiscal 2023 and revenues from two of these customers or their affiliates or contract manufacturers represented of the Company s
consolidated net revenues in Fiscal 2022. 

The Company had one customer
in the design segment whose individual percentage of the Company s consolidated revenues was 10 or greater. Revenues from this
customer represented and of the Company s consolidated net revenues in Fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The Company had
customers in the OEM distribution segment whose accounts receivable balances accounted for 10 or more of the Company s
consolidated accounts receivable. One customer or its affiliate or contract manufacturer represented 
of the Company s consolidated accounts receivable at September 30, 2023 and two customers or their affiliates or contract
manufacturers represented 
of the Company s consolidated accounts receivable at September 30, 2022. 

At September 30, 2023, the
Company had one customer in the design segment whose accounts receivable balances accounted for 10 or more of the Company s consolidated
accounts receivable. Accounts receivable from this customer represented of the Company s consolidated accounts receivable
at September 30, 2023. There were no customers in the design segment whose individual percentage of the Company s consolidated accounts
receivable was 10 or greater at September 30, 2022. 

In March 2023, the Company s
contract with one of its major diabetic customers in the OEM distribution segment expired. Due to increased pricing pressures, the Company
did not extend its contract with this customer. Revenue from this customer represented approximately of our consolidated net revenues
for Fiscal 2022. The Company expects the loss of this customer to cause a significant decline in OEM distribution segment revenues in
future periods. 

Supplier Concentration 

The Company s OEM distribution
segment procures substantially all its products through independent suppliers in China through Forward China (see Note 14). Depending
on the product, Forward China may require several different suppliers to furnish component parts or pieces. 

revolving line of credit with a bank which was renewed in March 2023. The line of credit has a maturity date of
 , is guaranteed by the Company and is secured by all of IPS assets. The interest rate on the line of credit is The effective interest rate was and at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
In March 2021, the Company paid down the outstanding balance on the line of credit and was available at September 30, 2023
and 2022. The Company is subject to certain debt-service ratio requirements which are measured annually. The Company was in compliance
with such covenants at September 30, 2023. 

F- 24 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 forward_ex1004.htm
 SUMMARY OF EMPLOYMENT ARRANGEMENT - TERENCE WISE

Exhibit 10.4 

Summary of Wise Employment Agreement 

Forward Industries, Inc. (the Company employs Terence Wise as its Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the terms of his employment with the Company Mr. Wise receives an annual
base salary of 325,000 and is paid 1,000 per month to cover various expenses he incurs in the performance of his duties as the Chairman
of the Company s Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Wise is eligible to receive bonuses based on the terms of the
bonus plan and performance metrics set by the Company s Compensation Committee, or on the authority of the Compensation Committee
based on Mr. Wise s and the Company s performance. Mr. Wise is entitled to participate in all benefit plans and programs the
Company elects to make available to its executives. In the event Mr. Wise terminates his employment with the Company for Good Reason,
as defined in his previous Employment Agreement with the Company dated May 16, 2018 (the Agreement ), Mr. Wise is entitled
to severance in the amount of his salary payable for a period of six months. All other terms relating to termination for Good Reason or
Without Cause are identical to those provided in the Agreement. 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 forward_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement
No. 333- 253461 on Form S-8 of Forward Industries, Inc. of our report dated December 21, 2023 
on our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Forward Industries, Inc. as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 and for the years
then ended, which report is included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Forward Industries, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2023. 

/s/ CohnReznick LLP 

Melville, New York 

 December 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 forward_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Terence Wise, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Forward Industries, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 21, 2023 

/s/ Terence Wise 

Terence Wise 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 forward_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Kathleen Weisberg, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Forward Industries, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 21, 2023 

/s/ Kathleen Weisberg 

Kathleen Weisberg 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 forward_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Forward Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I,
Terence Wise, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my
knowledge: 

1. The annual report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and 

2. The information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Terence Wise 

Terence Wise 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Dated: December 21, 2023 

In connection with the annual report of Forward
Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Kathleen Weisberg, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The annual report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and 

2. The information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Kathleen Weisberg 

Kathleen Weisberg 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Dated: December 21, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ford-20230930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ford-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ford-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ford-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

