<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231013_10-K_edgar_data_862668_0000862668-23-000022.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6462313</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146944</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1188080</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2157653</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1590158</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1240327</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000862668-23-000022.hdr.sgml : 20231013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231013133005
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000862668-23-000022
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ESCALON MEDICAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000862668
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				330272839
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20127
		FILM NUMBER:		231324654

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		435 DEVON PARK ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 824
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6106886830

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		435 DEVON PARK ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 824
		CITY:			WAYNE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTELLIGENT SURGICAL LASERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000862668-23-000022.txt : 20231013

10-K
 1
 esmc-20230630.htm
 10-K

esmc-20230630 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FORM 

For the Fiscal year ended , 2023 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: NONE 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 Common Stock, par value 0.001 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. o 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). o Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on December 31, 2022 was approximat ely , co mputed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold on the OTCQB Market on such date. 
 As of October 12, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 14 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk omitted pursuant to item 305(e) of Regulation S-K Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 21 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 42 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 43 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 43 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 45 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 47 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 48 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 49 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 49 

1 

PART 1 
 Cautionary Factors That May Affect Future Results 
 
 Certain statements contained in, or incorporated by reference in, this report are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which provide current expectations or forecasts of future events. Such statements can be identified by the use of terminology such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, forecast, intend, may, plan, possible, project, should, will, would, seek, and similar words or expressions. The Company s forward-looking statements include certain information relating to general business strategy, growth strategies, financial results, liquidity, product development, the introduction of new products, the enhancement of existing products, the potential markets and uses for the Company s products, the Company s regulatory filings with the FDA, acquisitions, the development of joint venture opportunities, intellectual property and patent protection and infringement, the loss of revenue due to the expiration on termination of certain agreements, the effect of competition on the structure of the markets in which the Company competes, increased legal, accounting and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance costs, the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, defending the Company in litigation matters and the Company s cost-saving initiatives. The reader must carefully consider forward-looking statements and understand that such statements involve a variety of risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, and may be affected by assumptions that fail to materialize as anticipated. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed, and actual results may vary materially. It is not possible to foresee or identify all factors affecting the Company s forward-looking statements, and the reader therefore should not consider the following list of risk factors to be an exhaustive statement of all risks, uncertainties or potentially inaccurate assumptions. The Company cautions the reader to consider carefully these factors as well as the specific factors discussed with each specific forward-looking statement in this Form 10-K annual report and in the Company s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). In some cases, these factors have impacted, and in the future (together with other unknown factors) could impact, the Company s ability to implement the Company s business strategy and may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Any expectation, estimate or projection contained in a forward-looking statement may not be achieved. The Company also cautions the reader that forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, but investors are advised to consult any further disclosures by the Company on this subject in the Company s filings with the SEC. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 Escalon Medical Corp. ("Escalon" or "Company") is a Pennsylvania corporation initially incorporated in California in 1987, and reincorporated in Pennsylvania in November 2001. Within this document, the Company collectively shall mean Escalon, which includes its division called "Trek" and its wholly owned subsidiaries: Sonomed, Inc. Sonomed ), Escalon Digital Solutions, Inc. EMI ), and Sonomed IP Holdings, Inc. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
 
 The Company operates in the healthcare market, specializing in the development, manufacture, marketing and distribution of medical devices for ophthalmic applications. The Company and its products are subject to regulation and inspection by the United States Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ). The FDA and other government authorities requires extensive testing of new products prior to sale and has jurisdiction over the safety, efficacy and manufacture of products, as well as product labeling and marketing. 
 
 A-Scans 
 The A-Scan provides information about the internal structure of the eye by sending a beam of ultrasound along a fixed axis through the eye and displaying the various echoes reflected from the surfaces intersected by the beam. The principal echoes occur at the cornea, both surfaces of the lens and the retina. The system displays the position and magnitudes of the echoes on an electronic display. The A-Scan also includes software for measuring distances within the eye. This information is primarily used to calculate lens power for implants. 
 
 B-Scans 
 The B-Scan is primarily a diagnostic tool that supplies information to physicians where the media within the eye are cloudy or opaque. Whereas physicians normally use light, which cannot pass through such media, the ultrasound beam is capable of passing through the opacity and displaying an image of the internal structures of the eye. Unlike the A-Scan, the B-Scan transducer is not in a fixed position; it swings through a 60 degree sector to provide a two-dimensional image of the eye. 
 2 

UBM 
 The UBM is a high frequency/high resolution ultrasound device, designed to provide highly detailed information about the anterior segment of the eye. The UBM is used for glaucoma evaluation, tumor evaluation and differentiation, pre- and post-intraocular lens implantation and corneal refractive surgery. The device allows the surgeons to perform precise measurements within the anterior chamber of the eye. 
 Pachymeters 
 The pachymeter uses the same principles as the A-Scan, but the system is tailored to measure the thickness of the cornea. Central corneal thickness is used in the calculation of intraocular pressure. Pachymetry is also used by refractive surgeons to screen candidates and help plan surgery. 
 
 Ispan Intraocular Gases 
 The Company distributes two intraocular gas products C3F8 and SF6, which are used by vitreoretinal surgeons as a temporary tamponade in detached retina surgery. Under a non-exclusive distribution agreement with AirGas, Inc. (AirGas"), the Company distributes packages of AirGas gases in canisters containing up to 25 grams of gas. Along with the intraocular gases, the Company manufactures and distributes a patented disposable universal gas kit, which delivers the gas from the canister to the patient. 
 
 Surgical Packs 
 The Company markets disposable surgical packs used in vitreoretinal surgery, including packs which aid surgeons in the process of injecting and extracting silicone oil. 
 
 AXIS Image Management 
 The AXIS Image Management system easily manages ophthalmic diagnostic images via a web browser from any device regardless of modality, device manufacturer or location. 
 
 Research and Development 
 The development of ultrasound ophthalmic equipment and AXIS Image Management system are performed at the Company s Lake Success, New York facility. Company-sponsored research and development expenditures from operations for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were approximately 820,000 and 991,000, respectively. 
 
 Manufacturing and Distribution 
 
 The Company assembles and distributes its ophthalmic surgical products at its 7,440 square foot leased facility in New Berlin, WI. The Company designs, assembles, and services its ophthalmic ultrasound products at its 6,278 square foot leased facility in Lake Success, NY. In addition to performing its own assembly, the Company subcontracts component manufacturing, sterilization, and other services to various qualified vendors. 
 
 The Company has registered its facilities with the FDA and has attained ISO 13485 certification for its facilities and medical devices. ISO 13485 requires an implemented quality system that applies to product design, manufacture, installation, and servicing. Certification can be obtained only after an audit of a company s quality system by a qualified independent outside auditor and requires regular reexamination. The Company has obtained European Community certification CE-Mark for many of its medical devices. 
 
 The manufacture, testing, and marketing of each of the Company s products entails risk of product liability. The Company carries product liability insurance to cover primary risk. 
 
 Governmental Regulations 
 The Company s products are subject to stringent ongoing regulation by the FDA and similar health authorities, and if these governmental approvals or clearances of the Company s products are restricted or revoked, the Company could face delays that would impair the Company s ability to generate funds from operations. 
 
 The Company has received the necessary FDA and other necessary regulations clearances and approvals for all products that the Company currently markets. The FDA and comparable agencies in state and local jurisdictions and in foreign countries impose substantial requirements upon the manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceutical and medical device equipment and related disposables, including the obligation to adhere to the FDA s Good Manufacturing Practice regulations. Compliance with 
 3 

these regulations requires detailed validation of manufacturing and quality control practices, FDA periodic inspections and other procedures. If the FDA finds any deficiencies the FDA may impose restrictions on marketing the specific products until such deficiencies are corrected. 
 
 The FDA and similar health authorities in foreign countries extensively regulate the Company s activities. The Company must obtain either 510(K) clearances or pre-market approvals and new drug application approvals prior to marketing a product in the United States. Foreign regulation also requires that the Company obtain other approvals from foreign government agencies prior to the sale of products in those countries. Also, the Company may be required to obtain FDA clearance or approval before exporting a product or device that has not received FDA marketing clearance or approval. 
 
 The Company has received CE approval on several of the Company s products that allows the Company to sell the products in the countries comprising the European Community. CE marking indicates that a product has been assessed by the manufacturer and deemed to meet EU safety, health and environmental protection requirements. In addition to the CE mark, some foreign countries require separate individual foreign regulatory clearances. 
 
 Marketing and Sales 
 The Company's products are sold through independent sales representatives, a network of distributors, and internal sales employees directly to medical institutions, throughout the world. 
 
 Service and Support 
 The Company maintains a full-service program for all products sold. The Company provides limited warranties on all products against defects and performance. Product repairs are made at the Company's New York facility for ultrasound products. Service support for AXIS Imaging Management and surgical products are provided remotely. 
 
 Patents, Trademarks and Licenses 
 The pharmaceutical and medical device communities place considerable importance on obtaining patent and trade secret protection for new technologies, products and processes for the purpose of strengthening the Company s position in the market place and protecting the Company s economic interests. The Company s policy is to protect its technology by aggressively obtaining patent protection for substantially all of its developments and products, both in the United States and in selected countries outside the United States. It is the Company s policy to file for patent protection in those foreign countries in which the Company believes such protection is necessary to protect its economic interests. The duration of the Company s patents, trademarks and licenses vary through 2027. The Company has 2 United States patents that cover the Company s technology. The Company believes that the impact of the patents is minimal in that our current products and revenue are driven less by our patents and more by our knowledge and trade secrets. 
 
 The Company intends to vigorously defend its patents if the need arises. 
 
 Competition 
 There are numerous direct and indirect competitors of the Company in the United States and abroad. These competitors include ophthalmic-oriented companies that market a broad portfolio of products, including companies that market prescription devices and pharmaceuticals exclusively for ophthalmic indications and integrated companies that market products for ophthalmic and other indications. 
 
 Several large companies dominate the ophthalmic market, with the balance of the industry being highly fragmented and comprised of smaller companies ranging from start-up entities to established market players. The ophthalmic market in general is intensely competitive, with each company eager to expand its market share. The Company s strategy is to compete primarily on the basis of technological innovation to which it has proprietary rights. The Company believes, therefore, that its business will depend in large part on protecting its intellectual property through maintaining trade secrets, patents, and other governmental regulations. 
 
 Sonomed s principal competitors are Quantel, Inc., and Accutome, Inc.. Sonomed has had a leading presence in the ophthalmic ultrasound industry for over 30 years. Management believes that this has helped Sonomed build a reputation as a long-standing operation that provides a quality product, which has enabled the Company to establish effective distribution coverage throughout the world. Various competitors offering similar products at a lower price could threaten Sonomed s market position. The development of optical technologies for ophthalmic biometrics and imaging may also diminish the Company s market position. This equipment can be used instead of ultrasound equipment in certain applications with some advantage. Such equipment, however, is more expensive. 
 4 

Trek s competitor for the ISPAN gases is Alcon Laboratories. Trek s competitors for its surgical packs include Alcon Laboratories and Bausch Lomb. To remain competitive, the Company needs to maintain a low-cost operation. There are numerous other companies that can provide this manufacturing service. 
 
 EMI s principal competitors are Carl Zeiss Meditec Inc. and Topcon Healthcare Solutions. The Company believes it establishes competitive advantage by offering technical innovation, product features, low total cost of ownership, and capable and responsive technical support. 
 
 Human Capital 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company employed 38 employees. Of these employees, 20 of the Company s employees are employed in manufacturing, 12 are employed in general and administrative positions, 5 are employed in sales and marketing and 1 is employed in research and development. The Company s employees are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company considers its relationship with its employees to be good. 
 
 5 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 In addition to other information contained in this report on Form 10-K, the following Risk Factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Financial Risks 
 Due to the Company s history of operating losses, we have complied these financial statements based on the assumption the Company cannot continue as a going concern. 
 
 Our operations are subject to a number of factors that can affect our operating results and financial condition. Such factors include, but are not limited to: the continuous enhancement of the current products, development of new products; changes in domestic and foreign regulations; ability of manufacture successfully; competition from products manufactured and sold or being developed by other companies; the price of, and demand for, our products and our ability to raise capital to support our operations. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 68.4 million, and had incurred historical recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities in prior years. For the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023, the Company generated net income from operations of 479,000 and generated cash inflow of 325,000 from operating activities. While the overall trend has been toward profitability, having just one year out of the last five of income, the question is whether the Company will keep the profitability trend and sales growth. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 As a result of above matters, our independent auditors have indicated in their report on our June 30, 2023 financial statements that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. A "going concern" opinion indicates that the financial statements have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern and do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets, or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result if we do not continue as a going concern. Therefore, you should not rely on our consolidated balance sheet as an indication of the amount of proceeds that would be available to satisfy claims of our creditors, and potentially be available for distribution to our stockholders, in the event of liquidation. 
 
 Our continued operations will ultimately depend on the ability to be profitable from our operations and the on-going support of our stockholders and creditors. 
 There are inherent uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with United States GAAP. Any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions used could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial position and operating results. 
 The consolidated financial statements included in the periodic reports the Company files with the SEC are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP involves making estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets (including intangible assets), liabilities and inventories, revenues, expenses and income. This includes estimates, judgments and assumptions for assessing the recoverability of the Company s other intangible assets, pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued authoritative guidance. If any estimates, judgments or assumptions change in the future, the Company may be required to record additional expenses or impairment charges. Any resulting expense or impairment loss would be recorded as a charge against the Company's earnings and could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial condition and operating results. Estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently subject to change in the future, and any such changes could result in corresponding changes to the amounts of assets (including goodwill and other intangible assets), liabilities, revenues, expenses and income. Any such changes could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position and operating results. 
 On an on-going basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including, among others, those relating to: 
 sales returns; 
 allowances for doubtful accounts; 
 inventories; 
 intangible assets; 
 6 

right-of-use assets; 
 income and other tax accruals; 
 deferred tax asset valuation allowances; 
 sales discounts; 
 warranty obligations; 
 contingencies and litigation. 
 The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The Company s assumptions and estimates may, however, prove to have been incorrect and the Company s actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While the Company believes the assumptions and estimates it makes are reasonable, any changes to the Company s assumptions or estimates, or any actual results which differ from the Company s assumptions or estimates, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position and operating results. Improper design and implementation of internal control related to the estimates could result in misstatement of financial reports. 
 Operational Risk 
 Any acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures that the Company effects, if any, could result in financial results that differ from market expectations. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company engages in discussions with third parties regarding possible acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures. As a result of any such transactions, of which the Company cannot assure that any will occur, the Company s financial results may differ from the investment community s expectations in a given quarter. In addition, acquisitions and alliances may require the Company to integrate a different company culture, management team, business infrastructure, accounting systems and financial reporting systems. The Company may not be able to effect any such acquisitions or alliances. The Company may have difficulty developing, manufacturing and marketing the products of a newly acquired business in a way that enhances the performance of the Company s combined businesses or product lines to realize the value from any expected synergies. Depending on the size and complexity of an acquisition, the Company s successful integration of the entity depends on a variety of factors, including the retention of key employees and the management of facilities and employees in separate geographical areas. These efforts require varying levels of management resources, which may divert the Company s attention from other business operations. Also, the Company s results may be adversely impacted because of acquisition-related costs, amortization costs for certain intangible assets and impairment losses related to goodwill in connection with such transactions. Finally, acquisitions or alliances by the Company may not occur, which could impair the Company s growth. 
 The Company s results fluctuate from quarter to quarter. 
 The Company has experienced quarterly fluctuations in operating results and anticipates continued fluctuations in the future. A number of factors contribute to these fluctuations: 
 
 The timing and expense of new product introductions by the Company or its competitors, although the Company might not successfully develop new products and any such new products may not gain market acceptance; 
 The cancellation or delays in the purchase of the Company s products; 
 Fluctuations in customer demand for the Company s products; 
 Changes in domestic and foreign regulations; 
 The gain or loss of significant customers; 
 Changes in the mix of products sold by the Company; 
 Competitive pressures on prices at which the Company can sell its products; 
 Announcements of new strategic relationships by the Company or its competitors; 
 Litigation costs and settlements; and 
 General economic conditions and other external factors such as energy costs. 
 7 

The Company sets its spending levels in advance of each quarter based, in part, on the Company s expectations of product orders and shipments during that quarter. A shortfall in revenue, therefore, in any particular quarter as compared to the Company s plan could have a material adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and cash flows. Also, the Company s quarterly results could fluctuate due to general market conditions in the healthcare industry or global economy generally, or market volatility unrelated to the Company s business and operating results. 
 Failure of the market to accept the Company s products could adversely impact the Company s business and financial condition. 
 The Company s business and financial condition will depend in part upon the market acceptance of the Company s products. The Company s products may not achieve or maintain market acceptance. Market acceptance depends on a number of factors including: 
 
 The price of the products; 
 The continued receipt of regulatory approvals for multiple indications; 
 The establishment and demonstration of the clinical safety and efficacy of the Company s products; and 
 The advantages of the Company s products over those marketed by the Company s competitors. 
 Any failure to achieve or maintain significant market acceptance of the Company s products will have a material adverse impact on the Company s business. 
 The success of products with which the Company s products compete could have an adverse impact on the Company s business. 
 The Company faces intense competition in the medical device and pharmaceutical markets, which are characterized by rapidly changing technology, short product life cycles, cyclical oversupply and rapid price erosion. Many of the Company s competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing, distribution and other resources. The Company s strategy is to compete primarily on the basis of technological innovation, reliability, quality and price of the Company s products. Without timely introductions of new products and enhancements, the Company s products will become technologically obsolete over time, in which case the Company s revenues and operating results would suffer. The success of the Company s new product offerings will depend on several factors, including the Company s ability to: 
 
 Properly identify customer needs; 
 Innovate and develop new technologies, services and applications; 
 Establish adequate product distribution coverage; 
 Obtain and maintain required regulatory approvals from the FDA and other regulatory agencies; 
 Protect the Company s intellectual property; 
 Successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner; 
 Manufacture and deliver the Company s products in sufficient volumes on time; 
 Differentiate the Company s offerings from the offerings of the Company s competitors; 
 Price the Company s products competitively; 
 Anticipate competitors announcements of new products, services or technological innovations; and 
 Anticipate general market and economic conditions. 
 The Company may not be able to compete effectively in the competitive environments in which the Company operates. 
 Lack of availability of key system components could result in delays, increased costs or costly redesign of the Company s products. 
 Although some of the parts and components used to manufacture the Company s products are available from multiple sources, the Company currently purchases most of the Company s components and outsourced finished goods from single sources in an effort to obtain volume discounts. Lack of availability of any of these parts, components and finished goods could result in production delays, increased costs or costly redesign of the Company s products. Any loss of availability of an essential component or finished good could result in a material adverse change to the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Some of the Company s suppliers are subject to the FDA s Good 
 8 

Manufacturing Practice regulations. Failure of these suppliers to comply with those regulations could result in the delay or limitation of the supply of parts or components to the Company, which would adversely impact the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 The supply chain challenges could increase the costs of products and the numbers of backorders and could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 The Company is dependent on its management and key personnel to succeed. 
 The Company s principal executive officers and technical personnel have extensive experience with the Company s products, the Company s research and development efforts, the development of marketing and sales programs and the necessary support services to be provided to the Company s customers. Also, the Company competes with other companies, universities, research entities and other organizations to attract and retain qualified personnel. The loss of the services of any of the Company s executive officers or other technical personnel, or the Company s failure to attract and retain other skilled and experienced personnel, could have a material adverse impact on the Company s ability to maintain or expand businesses. 
 Legal, Regulatory and Global 
 The Company s products are subject to stringent ongoing regulation by the FDA and similar domestic and foreign health care regulatory authorities, and if the regulatory approvals or clearances of the Company s products are restricted or revoked, the Company could face delays that would impair the Company s ability to generate funds from operations. 
 The FDA and similar health care regulatory authorities in foreign countries extensively regulate the Company s activities. The Company must obtain either 510(K) clearances or pre-market approvals and new drug application approvals prior to marketing any products in the United States. Foreign regulation also requires that the Company obtain other approvals from foreign government agencies prior to the sale of products in those countries. Also, the Company may be required to obtain FDA approval before exporting a product or device that has not received FDA marketing clearance or approval. 
 The Company has received the necessary FDA approvals for all products that the Company currently markets in the United States. Any restrictions on or revocation of the FDA approvals and clearances that the Company has obtained, however, would prevent the continued marketing of the impacted products and other devices. The restrictions or revocations could result from the discovery of previously unknown problems with the product. Consequently, FDA revocation would impair the Company s ability to generate funds from operations. 
 The FDA and comparable agencies in state and local jurisdictions and in foreign countries impose substantial requirements upon the manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceutical and medical device equipment and related disposables, including the obligation to adhere to the FDA s Good Manufacturing Practice regulations. Compliance with these regulations requires time-consuming detailed validation of manufacturing and quality control processes, FDA periodic inspections and other procedures. If the FDA finds any deficiencies in the validation processes, for example, the FDA may impose restrictions on marketing the specific products until such deficiencies are corrected. 
 The Company has received CE approval on several of the Company s products that allows the Company to sell the products in the countries comprising the European Community. In addition to the CE mark, however, some foreign countries may require separate individual foreign regulatory clearances. The Company may not be able to obtain regulatory clearances for other products in the United States or foreign markets. 
 The process for obtaining regulatory clearances and approvals underlying clinical studies for any new products or devices and for multiple indications for existing products is lengthy and will require substantial commitments of Company s financial resources and Company s management s time and effort. Any delay in obtaining clearances or approvals or any changes in existing regulatory requirements would materially adversely impact the Company s business. 
 The Company s failure to comply with the applicable regulations would subject the Company to fines, delays or suspensions of approvals or clearances, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions, injunctions or civil or criminal penalties, which would adversely impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company s products employ proprietary technology, and this technology may infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 9 

The Company holds several United States and foreign patents for the Company s products. Other parties, however, hold patents relating to similar products and technologies. If patents held by others were adjudged valid and interpreted broadly in an adversarial proceeding, the court or agency could deem them to cover one or more aspects of the Company s products or procedures. Any claims for patent infringements or claims by the Company for patent enforcement would consume time, result in costly litigation, divert technical and management personnel or require the Company to develop non-infringing technology or enter into royalty or licensing agreements. The Company may become subject to one or more claims for patent infringement. The Company may not prevail in any such action, and the Company s patents may not afford protection against competitors with similar technology. 
 If a court determines that any of the Company s products infringes, directly or indirectly, on a patent in a particular market, the court may enjoin the Company from making, using or selling the product. Furthermore, the Company may be required to pay damages or obtain a royalty-bearing license, if available, on acceptable terms. 
 The Company s ability to market or sell the Company s products may be adversely impacted by limitations on reimbursements by government programs, private insurance plans and other third-party payers. 
 The Company s customers bill various third party-payers, including government programs and private insurance plans, for the health care services provided to their patients. Third-party payers may reimburse the customer, usually at a fixed rate based on the procedure performed, or may deny reimbursement if they determine that the use of the Company s products was elective, unnecessary, inappropriate, not cost-effective, experimental or used for a non-approved indication. Third-party payers may deny reimbursement notwithstanding FDA approval or clearance of a product and may challenge the prices charged for the medical products and services. The Company s ability to sell the Company s products on a profitable basis may be adversely impacted by denials of reimbursement or limitations on reimbursement, compared with reimbursement available for competitive products and procedures. New legislation that further reduces reimbursements under the capital cost pass-through system utilized in connection with the Medicare program could also adversely impact the marketing of the Company s products. 
 
 The Company may become involved in product liability litigation, which may subject the Company to liability and divert management attention. 
 The testing and marketing of the Company s products entails an inherent risk of product liability, resulting in claims based upon injuries or alleged injuries or a failure to diagnose associated with a product defect. Some of these injuries may not become evident for a number of years. Although the Company is not currently involved in any product liability litigation, the Company may be party to litigation in the future as a result of an alleged claim. Litigation, regardless of the merits of the claim or outcome, could consume a great deal of the Company s time and attention away from the Company s core businesses. The Company maintains limited product liability insurance coverage of 1,000,000 per occurrence and 2,000,000 in the aggregate, with umbrella policy coverage of 5,000,000 in excess of such amounts. A successful product liability claim in excess of any insurance coverage may adversely impact the Company s financial condition and results of operations. The Company s product liability insurance coverage may not continue to be available to the Company in the future on reasonable terms or at all. 
 The Company s international operations could be adversely impacted by changes in laws or policies of foreign governmental agencies and social and economic conditions in the countries in which the Company operates. 
 The Company derives a portion of its revenue from sales outside the United States. Changes in the laws or policies of governmental agencies, as well as social and economic conditions, in the countries in which the Company operates could impact the Company s business in these countries and the Company s results of operations. Also, economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, and competitive factors such as price competition, business combinations of competitors or a decline in industry sales from continued economic weakness, both in the United States and other countries in which the Company conducts business, could adversely impact the Company s results of operations. 
 The impact of terrorism or acts of war could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business. 
 Terrorist acts or acts of war, whether in the United States or abroad, could cause damage or disruption to the Company s operations, its suppliers, channels to market or customers, or could cause costs to increase, or create political or economic instability, any of which could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business. 
 
 In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine. As military activity proceeds and sanctions, export controls and other measures are imposed by many countries against Russia, Belarus and specific areas of Ukraine, the war is 
 10 

increasingly affecting the global economy and financial markets, as well as exacerbating ongoing economic challenges, including rising inflation and global supply-chain disruption. The Company has operations or activities in countries and regions outside the United States. As a result, its global operations are affected by economic, political and other conditions in the foreign countries in which it does business as we ll as U.S. laws regulating international trade, although the Company has not yet assessed that the war has had a material effect on its financial position or results of operations. 
 The Company s charter documents and Pennsylvania law may inhibit a takeover. 
 Certain provisions of Pennsylvania law and the Company s Bylaws could delay or impede the removal of incumbent directors and could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discourage a third party from attempting to acquire, control of the Company. These provisions could limit the share price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of the Company s common stock. The Company s Board of Directors is divided into three classes, with directors in each class elected for three-year terms. The Bylaws impose various procedural and other requirements that could make it more difficult for stockholders to effect certain corporate actions. The Company s Board of Directors may issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval on such terms and conditions, and having such rights, privileges and preferences, as the Board may determine. The rights of the holders of common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely impacted by, the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. 
 Healthcare policy changes, including pending proposals to reform the U.S. healthcare system and implementation of the Affordable Healthcare Act, may have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 Healthcare costs have risen significantly over the past decade. There have been and continue to be proposals by legislators, regulators and third-party payors to keep these costs down. Certain proposals, if passed, would impose limitations on the prices the Company will be able to charge for the Company s products, or the amounts of reimbursement available for its products from governmental agencies or third-party payers. These limitations could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position and results of operations. 
 Changes in the healthcare industry in the U.S. and elsewhere could adversely affect the demand for the Company s products as well as the way in which the Company conducts the Company s business. The 2010 Affordable Care Act provides that most individuals must have health insurance, establishes new regulations on health plans, and creates insurance pooling mechanisms and other expanded public health care measures. 
 The Company anticipates that the healthcare reform legislation will further reduce Medicare spending on services provided by hospitals and other providers and further forms sales or excise tax on the medical device manufacturing sector. Various healthcare reform proposals have also emerged at the federal and state level. The Company cannot predict what healthcare initiatives, if any, will be implemented at the federal or state level, or the effect any future legislation or regulation will have on the Company. However, an expansion in government s role in the U.S. healthcare industry may lower reimbursements for the Company s products, reduce medical procedure volumes and adversely affect the Company s business, possibly materially. 
 Future legislation or changes in government programs may adversely impact the market for the Company s products. 
 From time to time, the federal government and Congress have made proposals to change aspects of the delivery and financing of health care services. The Company cannot predict what form any future legislation or regulation may take or its impact on the Company s business. Legislation that sets price limits and utilization controls adversely impact the rate of growth of the markets in which the Company participates. If any future health care legislation or regulations were to adversely impact those markets, the Company s product marketing could also suffer, which would adversely impact the Company s business. 
 Information Security, cybersecurity and Data Privacy Risks 
 Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information and adversely impact the Company's reputation and results of operations. 
 
 The Company is subject to cyber security risks and may incur increasing costs in efforts to minimize those risks and to comply with regulatory standards. The Company employs information technology systems and Internet systems, including websites, which allow for the secure storage and transmission of proprietary or confidential information regarding the Company s customers, employees and others, including credit card information and personal identification information. The Company has made significant efforts to secure its computer network to mitigate the risk of possible 
 11 

cyber-attacks and is continuously working to upgrade its existing information technology systems and provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to ensure that the Company is protected, to the greatest extent possible, against cyber risks and security breaches. Despite these efforts security of the Company s computer networks could be compromised which could impact operations and confidential information could be misappropriated, which could lead to negative publicity, loss of sales and profits or cause the Company to incur significant costs to reimburse third-parties for damages which could adversely impact profits. 
 Other 
 
 The Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Richard DePiano Jr. is the Company s controlling stockholder and has sufficient voting power to determine the outcome of all matters submitted to the Company s stockholders for approval. 
 In February 2018, the Company entered into a Debt Exchange Agreement (the "Exchange Agreement") with Mr. DePiano Sr. and DP Associates Inc. Profit-Sharing Plan of which Mr. DePiano is the sole owner and sole trustee (the "Holders"). Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, the Holders exchanged a total of 645,000 principal amount of debt the Company owed the Holders under factoring agreements and notes (the "Notes") the Company entered into with the Holders in February and March of 2016 for 2,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Stock"). Each share the Preferred Stock entitles the Holder thereof to 13 votes per share and will vote together with all other classes and series of stock of the Company as a single class on all actions to be taken by the Company s stockholders. As a result of this voting power, the Holders currently beneficially own approximately 77.81 of the voting power on all actions to be taken by the Company s stockholders. If the Holders were to convert their shares of Preferred Stock into common stock at the current conversion ratio, the Holders would receive a total of 4,300,000 shares of Common Stock, or approximately 36.70 of the currently outstanding shares of Common Stock assuming such conversion. 
 The Holders, therefore, control the election of all of the members of the Company s board of directors and control the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matter submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders for approval, including mergers or other acquisition proposals and the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, in each case regardless of how all of the Company s stockholders other than the Holders vote their shares. The interests of the Holders in maintaining this voting control of the Company may have an adverse effect on the price of the Company s common stock because of the absence of any potential takeover premium and may, therefore, be inconsistent with the interest of the Company s stockholders other than the Holders. The voting control by the Holders could also discourage a third party from attempting to acquire control of the Company and may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of the Company. Mr. DePiano Sr. passed away on October 3, 2019 and left a will by which he appointed Richard J. DePiano, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, as executor. Richard DePiano Jr. was elected to serve as chairman of the Company's board. Mr. DePiano, Jr. qualified as executor and has control over the shares in his capacity as executor of Mr. DePiano Sr.'s estate. 
 The market price of the Company s stock has historically been volatile, and the Company has not paid cash dividends. 
 The volatility of the Company s common stock imposes a greater risk of capital losses on stockholders as compared to less volatile stocks. In addition, such volatility makes it difficult to ascribe a stable valuation to a stockholder s holdings of the Company s common stock. The following factors have and may continue to have a significant impact on the market price of the Company s common stock: 
 
 Acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures that the Company effects, if any; 
 Announcements of technological innovations; 
 Changes in marketing, product pricing and sales strategies or new products by the Company s competitors; 
 Changes in domestic or foreign governmental regulations or regulatory requirements; and 
 Developments or disputes relating to patent or proprietary rights and public concern as to the safety and efficacy of the procedures for which the Company s products are used. 
 Moreover, the possibility exists that the stock market could experience extreme price and volume fluctuations unrelated to operating performance. 
 The Company has not paid cash dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 12 

If the Company raises funds in the future, the Company may be required to raise those funds through public or private financings, strategic relationships or other arrangements at prices and other terms that may not be favorable. The sale of additional equity and debt securities may result in additional dilution to the Company s stockholders. Additional financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. 

13 

ITEM 1B. UNSOLVED SEC STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 The Company does not believe there are any unresolved SEC staff comments. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 the Company leased an aggregate of 16,354 square feet of space for its (i) corporate offices in Wayne, Pennsylvania, (ii) Sonomed's manufacturing facility in Lake Success, New York, and (iii) Trek s distribution facility in New Berlin, Wisconsin. The Company's current corporate office lease of 2,186 square feet will expire on December 2024. The New York facility lease of 6,728 square feet will expire on December 31, 2024. The Company's Wisconsin warehouse of 7,440 square feet will end on April 30, 2025. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The Company, from time to time is involved in various legal proceedings and disputes that arise in the normal course of business. These matters have previously and could pertain to intellectual property disputes, commercial contract disputes, employment disputes, and other matters. The Company does not believe that the resolution of any of these matters has had or is likely to have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable 

Part II. 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 The Company s common stock trades on the OTCQB Market under the symbol ESMC. Any over the counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not present actual transactions. 
 As of October 12, 2023 there were 1,267 holders of record of the Company s common sto ck. On October 12, 2023 the closing price of the Company s Common Stock as reported by the OTCQB Market was 0.37 per share. 
 The Company has never declared or paid a cash dividend on its common stock and presently intends to retain any future earnings to finance future growth and working capital needs. 
 The Company s forecast of the period of time through which its financial resources will be adequate to support its operations is a forward-looking statement and involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary as a result of a number of factors, including the factors discussed in Risk Factors included in this Form 10-K. If the Company raises funds in the future, the Company may be required to raise those funds through public or private financings, strategic relationships or other arrangements at prices and other terms that may not be as favorable as they would without such qualification. The sale of additional equity and debt securities may result in additional dilution to the Company s stockholders. Additional financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and other financial information contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K and the discussion under Risk Factors included in Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
 14 

Consolidated net revenue increased approximately 1,477,000 or 13.8 , to 12,180,000 during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year. The increase in net revenue is attributed to an increase of approximately 1,192,000 in sales of Sonomed's ultrasound products mainly due to fulfillment of back orders during the current year, an increase of approximately 335,000 in sales of Trek products, and an increase of 49,000 of other Digital revenue. The increase is offset by a decrease in service plans revenue of 99,000. 
 
 Consolidated cost of revenue totaled approximately 6,699,000, or 55.0 , of total revenue during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to 6,096,000, or 57.0 , of total revenue of the prior fiscal year. The decrease of 2.0 in cost of revenue as a percentage of total revenue is mainly due to change of product mix. 
 
 Consolidated marketing, general and administrative expenses increased 98,000, or 2.4 , to 4,184,000 during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the prior fiscal year. The increase in marketing, general and administrate expenses is mainly due to increased network expense of 169,000 and sales compensation of 106,000, trade show related expenses of 70,000, offset by the recovery of bad debt expense of 113,000 and reduced consulting expense related to AXIS regulatory filing of 60,000. 
 
 Consolidated research and development expenses decreased 172,000 or 17.4 , to 819,000 during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the same period of the prior fiscal year. Research and development expenses were primarily expenses associated with the introduction of new or enhanced products. The decrease in research and development expense is mainly due to decreased consulting expense in year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 15 

Results of Operations 
 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 The following table shows consolidated net revenue, as well as identifying trends in revenues for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Table amounts are in thousands: 
 For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Change Net Revenue: Products 11,556 9,980 15.8 Service plans 624 723 (13.7) Total 12,180 10,703 13.8 
 Consolidated net revenue increased approximately 1,477,000 or 13.8 , to 12,180,000 during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year. The increase in net revenue is attributed to an increase of approximately 1,192,000 in sales of Sonomed's ultrasound products mainly due to fulfillment of back orders during the current year, an increase of approximately 335,000 in sales of Trek products, and an increase of 49,000 of other Digital revenue. The increase is offset by a decrease in service plans revenue of 99,000. 
 
 Foreign sales 
 
 The following table presents domestic and international sales from continuing operations. Table amounts are in thousands: 
 For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Domestic 7,044 57.8 5,720 53.4 Foreign 5,136 42.2 4,983 46.6 Total 12,180 100.0 10,703 100.0 
 
 The following table presents consolidated cost of revenue and as a percentage of revenues for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Table amounts are in thousands: 
 For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Cost of Revenue: 6,699 55.0 6,096 57.0 Total 6,699 55.0 6,096 57.0 
 
 Consolidated cost of revenue totaled approximately 6,699,000, or 55.0 , of total revenue during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to 6,096,000, or 57.0 , of total revenue of the prior fiscal year. The decrease of 2.0 in cost of revenue as a percentage of total revenue is mainly due to change of product mix. 

The following table presents consolidated marketing, general and administrative expenses for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Table amounts are in thousands: 
 For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Change Marketing, General and Administrative: 4,184 4,086 2.4 Total 4,184 4,086 2.4 
 16 

Consolidated marketing, general and administrative expenses increased 98,000, or 2.4 , to 4,184,000 during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year. The increase in marketing, general and administrate expenses is mainly due to increased network expense of 169,000 and sales compensation of 106,000, trade show related expenses of 70,000, offset by the recovery of bad debt expense of 113,000 and reduced consulting expense related to AXIS regulatory filing of 60,000. 
 The following table presents consolidated research and development expenses for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 Table amounts are in thousands: 
 For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Change Research and Development: 819 991 (17.4) Total 819 991 (17.4) 
 Consolidated research and development expenses decreased 172,000, or 17.4 , to 819,000 during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year. Research and development expenses were primarily expenses associated with the introduction of new or enhanced products. The decrease in research and development expense is mainly due to decreased consulting expense in year ended June 30, 2023. 
 Other income (expense) 
 
 On April 27, 2020, the Company entered into a PPP loan for 500,000 in connection with the CARES Act related to COVID-19. The promissory note has a fixed payment schedule. The Company submitted the loan forgiveness application on August 2, 2021. The full amount of the PPP loan and accrued interest of 6,305 were forgiven on August 13, 2021 and reported as other income during the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 Russia-Ukraine War 
 
 In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine. As military activity proceeds and sanctions, export controls and other measures are imposed by many countries against Russia, Belarus and specific areas of Ukraine, the war is increasingly affecting the global economy and financial markets, as well as exacerbating ongoing economic challenges, including rising inflation and global supply-chain disruption. The Company has operations or activities in countries and regions outside the United States. As a result, its global operations are affected by economic, political and other conditions in the foreign countries in which it does business as we ll as U.S. laws regulating international trade, although the Company has not yet assessed that the war has had a material effect on its financial position or results of operations. 
 17 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our total cash as of June 30, 2023 consisted approximately 890,000 of cash on hand and restricted cash of approximately 256,000 compared to approximately 594,000 of cash on hand and restricted cash of 256,000 as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 Because our operations have not historically generated sufficient revenues to enable profitability we will continue to monitor costs and expenses closely and may need to raise additional capital in order to fund operations. 
 
 We expect to continue to fund operations from cash on hand and through capital raising sources if possible and available, which may be dilutive to existing stockholders, through revenues from the licensing of our products, or through strategic alliances. Additionally, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities through one or more discrete transactions, or enter into a strategic alliance arrangement, but can provide no assurances that any such financing or strategic alliance arrangement will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Moreover, the incurrence of indebtedness in connection with a debt financing would result in increased fixed obligations and could contain covenants that would restrict our operations. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 68.4 million, incurred historically recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities in prior years. For the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023, the Company generated net income from operations of 479,000 and generated cash inflow of 325,000 from operating activities. While the overall trend has been toward profitability, having just one year out of the last five of income, the question is whether the Company will keep the profitability trend and sales growth. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern, and our ability to generate cash to meet our cash requirements for the following twelve months as of the filing date of this form 10-K. 
 
 The following table presents overall liquidity and capital resources as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. Table amounts are in thousands: 
 June 30, June 30, 2023 2022 Current Ratio: Current assets 4,637 4,186 Less: Current liabilities 2,853 3,002 Working capital 1,784 1,184 Current ratio 1. 63 to 1 1.39 to 1 Debt to Total Capital Ratio: Line of credit, note payable, lease liabilities, and EIDL loan 890 1,205 Total debt 890 1,205 Total equity 1,935 1,478 Total capital 2,825 2,683 Total debt to total capital 31.5 44.9 
 
 Working Capital Position 
 Working capital increased approximately 600,000 to 1,784,000 as of June 30, 2023, and the current ratio increas ed to 1. 63 to 1 to from 1.39 to 1 when compared to June 30, 2022. 
 The increase in working capital is due to a decrease in current liabilities of 149,000 when a loan of 201,575 was converted to a sixty-month note payable on March 29, 2023, and an increase in current assets of approximately 451,000 as of June 30, 2023 due to operating income. 
 Debt to total capital ratio was 31.5 and 44.9 as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Cash Flow Provided By (Used In) Operating Activities 
 During year ended June 30, 2023 the Company provided by approximately 325,000 of cash in operating activities as compared to approximately 1,050,000 of cash used in operating activities during the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, its cash provided by operations is mainly due to a decrease in inventory of 44,000, an increase in accounts payable of 193,000 and an increase in deferred revenue of 94,000. The cash inflow is offset by a 
 18 

decrease in accrued expense of 250,000. The remaining offsetting items for cash used in operations is comprised of less significant items. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2022, its cash used in operations is mainly due to non-cash other income of 506,000, an increase in inventory of 187,000, an increase in accounts receivable of 615,000, and a decrease in accounts payable of 90,000. The cash outflow is offset by an increase in accrued expense of 218,000. The remaining offsetting items for cash used in operations is comprised of less significant items. 
 
 Cash Flows Used In Investing Activities 
 Cash flows used in investing activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 was due to purchase of the licenses of 7,000 and purchase of the fixed assets of 7,000. There was no cash flow used in investing activities for the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 Any necessary capital expenditures have generally been funded out of cash from operations, and the Company is not aware of any factors that would cause historical capital expenditure levels to not be indicative of capital expenditures in the future and, accordingly, does not believe that the Company will have to commit material resources to capital investment for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023 the cash used in the financing activities of 12,000 was due to repayment of notes payable and repayment of EIDL loan of 3,000. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2022 the cash used in the financing activities of 4,000 was due to auto loan payment and repayment of EIDL loan of 3,000. 
 
 Off-balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 
 
 The Company was not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and policies 
 The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that impact amounts reported therein. The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and, as such, include amounts based on informed estimates and judgments of management. 
 The following items require significant estimation or judgment: 
 Accounts receivable-uncollectible receivables, and 
 Inventories- obsolete inventory, 
 Actual results achieved in the future could differ from current estimates. The Company used what it believes are reasonable assumptions and, where applicable, established valuation techniques in making its estimates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company recognizes revenue when its performance obligations with its customers have been satisfied. At contract inception, the Company determines if the contract is within the scope of Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and then evaluates the contract using the following five steps: (1) identify the contract with the customer; (2) identify the performance obligations; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations; and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only recognizes revenue to the extent that it is probable that a significant revenue reversal will not occur in a future period. 

Inventories 
 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined on a first-in, first-out basis and include freight-in materials, labor and overhead costs. Inventories are written down if the estimated net realizable value is less than the recorded value. The Company reviews the carrying cost of inventories by product to determine the adequacy of reserves for obsolescence. In accounting for inventories, the Company must make estimates regarding the estimated realizable value of inventory. The estimate is based on, in part, age of inventory. If actual conditions are less favorable than those the Company has projected, the Company may need to increase its reserves for excess and obsolete inventories. Any increases in the reserves will adversely impact the Company s results of operations. The establishment of a reserve for excess and obsolete 
 19 

inventory establishes a new cost basis in the inventory. Such reserves are not reduced until the product is sold. If the Company is able to sell such inventory any related reserves would be reversed in the period of sale. In accordance with industry practice, service parts inventory is included in current assets, although service parts are carried for established requirements during the serviceable lives of the products and, therefore, not all parts are expected to be sold within one year. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 The Company considers the applicability and impact of all accounting standards updates ("ASUs"). Management periodically reviews new accounting standards that are issued. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses ASC 326 ), authoritative guidance amending how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that are not measured at fair value through net income. The guidance requires the application of a current expected credit loss model, which is a new impairment model based on expected losses. The new guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 20 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLIMENTARY DATA 
 
 Escalon Medical Corp. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 688) 
 22 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 711) 
 23 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 24 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 25 
 Consolidated Statements of S tock holders Equity for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 26 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 27 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 29 

21 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Escalon Medical Corp. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Escalon Medical Corp. (the Company and Subsidiaries as of June 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America . 
 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company's historical recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 
 /s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022) 

October 13, 2023 
 22 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Escalon Medical Corp. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Escalon Medical Corp. (the Company and Subsidiaries as of June 30, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company has not generated sufficient revenues to enable profitability and the Company has a significant accumulated deficit. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

We served as the Company s auditor from 2018 to 2022. 

September 28, 2022 

23 

ESCALON MEDICAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets License, net Other long term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Line of credit Current portion of note payable Current portion of EIDL loan Accounts payable Accrued expenses Related party accrued interest Current portion of operating lease liabilities Deferred revenue Other short term liabilities Total current liabilities Note payable, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion EIDL loan, net of current portion Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) Stockholders' equity: Series A convertible preferred stock, 0.001 par value; 2,000,000 shares authorized; 2,000,000 shares issued and outstanding (liquidation value of 922,331 and 870,731) Common stock, 0.001 par value; 35,000,000 shares authorized; 7,415,329 shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 24 

ESCALON MEDICAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Net revenues: Products Service plans Revenues, net Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue Marketing, general and administrative Research and development Total costs and expenses 
 Income (loss) from operations ) Other income (expense) Other income Interest income Interest expense ) ) Total other income (expense), net ) Income tax expense Net income Less undeclared dividends on preferred stocks Less income allocated to convertible preferred stocks Net income (loss) applicable to common stockholders ) Net income per share Basic income per share applicable to common stockholder Diluted income per share Weighted average shares basic Weighted average shares diluted 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 25 

ESCALON MEDICAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2022 ) Net income Balance at June 30, 2023 ) 
 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2021 ) Net income Balance at June 30, 2022 ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 26 

ESCALON MEDICAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Increase in accounts receivable allowance Increase in inventory reserve Other income-gain on PPP loan forgiveness ) Depreciation and amortization Non cash lease expense Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Change in operating lease liability ) ) Deferred revenue ) Other short-term and long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchase of equipment ) Purchase of license ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Repayment of EIDL loan ) ) Repayment of note payable ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, and restricted cash, end of year Cash, and restricted cash consist of the following: End of year Cash Restricted cash Beginning of year Cash Restricted cash Supplemental Schedule of Cash Flow Information: Interest paid 
 27 

Non Cash Finance Activities Record right-of-use assets per ASC 842 Record lease liability per ASC 842 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 28 

Escalon Medical Corp. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. Organization and Basis of Presentation 

2 

3. 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 29 

days or less to be cash and cash equivalents. From time to time cash balances exceed federal insurance limits. As of June 30, 2023 there were no cash equivalents. 
 Restricted Cash 
 , which was pursuant to the requirements in the TD Bank Loan entered into June 2018 (see Note 6). 
 Accounts Receivable 
 
 and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 June 30, 2023 2022 Balance, July 1 Increase in allowance Recovery in bad debts ) Write-offs ) ) Balance, June 30 
 
 Inventories 
 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined on a first-in, first-out basis and include freight-in materials, labor and overhead costs. Inventories are written down if the estimated net realizable value is less than the recorded value. The Company reviews the carrying cost of inventories by product to determine the adequacy of reserves for obsolescence. In accounting for inventories, the Company must make estimates regarding the estimated realizable value of inventory. The estimate is based, in part, on age of inventory. If actual conditions are less favorable than those the Company has projected, the Company may need to increase its reserves for excess and obsolete inventories. Any increases in the reserves will adversely impact the Company s results of operations. The establishment of a reserve for excess and obsolete inventory establishes a new cost basis in the inventory. Such reserves are not reduced until the product is sold. If the Company is able to sell such inventory any related reserves would be reversed in the period of sale. In accordance with industry practice, service parts inventory is included in current assets, although service parts are carried for established requirements during the serviceable lives of the products and, therefore, not all parts are expected to be sold within one year. The Company recorded a inventory write-off of inventory that was previously reserved and increased the reserve for additional slow moving inventory in the current period resulting in a net reduction of as of June 30, 2023 as compared to June 30, 2022. 
 
 30 

Work in process Finished goods Total inventories Allowance for obsolete inventory ) ) Inventories, net 
 
 Property and Equipment 

Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 Intangible Assets and Long-Lived Assets 
 
 Accrued Warranties 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

31 

Revenue Recognition 

32 

Additions Revenue Recognized ) ) End of Year 
 
 Included in accrued expenses as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 is approximately and , respectively of customer deposits that will be recorded as income in the consecutive period once the products have been shipped. Revenue recorded that included within prior period deferred revenue was and , respectively for year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Shipping and Handling Revenues and Costs 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 Earnings Per Share 

33 

Less undeclared dividends on convertible stocks Less net income allocated to convertible preferred stocks Net income (loss) applicable to common stockholders ) Numerator for diluted earnings (loss) per share: Net income Undeclared dividends on convertible stocks Net income (loss) applicable to convertible common stockholders ) Denominator: Denominator for basic earnings per share - weighted average shares outstanding Weighted average preferred stock converted to common stock Denominator for diluted earnings per share - weighted average and assumed conversion Net income per share: Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share 
 
 The following table summarizes convertible preferred stock and securities that, if exercised would have an anti-dilutive effect 
 on earnings per share. 
 
 For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Stock options Convertible preferred stock Total potential dilutive securities not included in income per share 
 Income Taxes 

34 

Leases 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 The Company considers the applicability and impact of all accounting standards updates ("ASUs"). Management periodically reviews new accounting standards that are issued. 

4. 
 years. Amortization expense is approximately for each of the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Annual amortization related entirely to licenses is estimated to be for the years ending June 30, 2024 through 2026 and thereafter. 
 The following table presents amortized licenses as of June 30, 2023: 
 35 

) Total ) 

The following table presents amortized licenses as of June 30, 2022: 
 ) Total ) 

5. Accrued Expenses 
 The following table presents accrued expenses: 
 
 Warranty reserve Tax payable Other accruals Total accrued expenses 

6. Line of Credit 
 
 . The interest is subject to change based on changes in an independent index which the Wall Street Journal Prime. The index rate at the date of the agreement is per annum. Interest on the unpaid principal balance of the note is calculated using a rate of percentage points over the index, adjusted if necessary for any minimum and maximum rate limitations, resulting in an initial rate of per annum based on a year of 360 days. The Company was required to put in the TD bank savings account as collateral. Mr. Richard J. DePiano Sr. executed a guarantee of the loan in favor of TD Bank. Mr. DePiano Sr. passed away on October 3, 2019, therefore the guarantee is now assumed by his estate. 
 
 wit h TD bank. TD bank elected to exercise the term note conversion option to convert the loan balance of to a term note effective March 29, 2023 ("the Conversion Date"). The scheduled monthly principal and interest payments in the amount of began on April 29, 2023. Commencing on the Conversion Date, the aggregate principal balance outstanding bears interest at a fixed per annum rate of pursuant to the loan's terms and conditions. was reported as long term note payable as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 36 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 

7. 
 
 in connection with the CARES Act related to COVID-19. The full amount of the PPP loan was classified as current as of June 30, 2022. The full amount of the PPP loan and accrued interest were forgiven on August 13, 2021, and reported as other income during the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 Economic Injury Disaster ("EIDL") loan 
 
 EIDL is designed to provide economic relief to businesses that are currently experiencing a temporary loss of revenue due to the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. EIDL proceeds can be used to cover a wide array of working capital and normal operating expenses, such as continuation to health care benefits, rent, utilities, and fixed debt payments. The Company received EIDL loan. The annual interest rate is . The payment term is years and the monthly payment is from July 1, 2021. The EIDL loan is secured by the tangible and intangible personal property of the Company. The EIDL loan is secured by the tangible and intangible personal property of the Company. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

8. Capital Stock Transactions 
 employee stock option plans that provide for incentive and non-qualified stock options. Under the terms of the plans, options may not be granted for less than the fair market value of the Common Stock at the date of grant. Vesting generally occurs ratably between one and five years and for non-employee directors, immediately, and the options are exercisable over a period no longer than years after the grant date. As of June 30, 2023, options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock were outstanding and exercisable. 
 The following is a summary of Escalon s stock option activity and related information for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 
 37 

Granted Exercised Forfeited Outstanding at the end of the year Exercisable at the end of the year 
 The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding as of June 30, 2023: 
 
 Number Outstanding at June 30, 2023 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) Weighted Average Exercise Price Number Exercisable at June 30, 2023 Weighted Average Exercise Price Range of Exercise Prices 0.79 1.45 to 2.12 Total 
 There was compensation expense related to stock options for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

9. Income Taxes 
 ) State ) Change in valuation allowance ) Income tax expense (benefit) 
 Income tax expense (benefit) as a percentage of loss for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 differ from statutory federal income tax rate due to the following: 
 
 Permanent differences Valuation allowance ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 
 38 

Stock options Operating lease liability Allowance for doubtful accounts Accrued vacation Inventory reserve Accelerated depreciation Warranty reserve Total deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred income tax liabilities: Accelerated depreciation ) ) Right of use asset ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company has a valuation allowance of , which primarily relates to the federal net operating loss carryforwards. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation allowance decreased by and during the year ended June 30, 2022, the valuation increased by . The valuation allowance is a result of management evaluating its estimates of the net operating losses available to the Company as they relate to the results of operations of acquired businesses subsequent to their being acquired by the Company. The Company evaluates a variety of factors in determining the amount of the valuation allowance, including the Company s earnings history, the number of years the Company s operating loss can be carried forward, the existence of taxable temporary differences, and near-term earnings expectations. Future reversal of the valuation allowance will be recognized either when the benefit is realized or when it has been determined that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be realized through future earnings. The Company has available federal and state net operating loss carry forwards of approximately and , respectively, of which and , respectively, will expire over the next ten years, and , respectively, will expire in years eleven through twenty , and and , respectively, which will not expire. 
 The Company continues to monitor the realization of its deferred tax assets based on changes in circumstances, for example, recurring periods of income for tax purposes following historical periods of cumulative losses or changes in tax laws or regulations. The Company s income tax provision and management s assessment of the realizability of the Company s deferred tax assets involve significant judgments and estimates. If taxable income expectations change, in the near term the Company may be required to reduce the valuation allowance which would result in a material benefit to the Company s results of operations in the period in which the benefit is determined by the Company. 
 
 Fiscal year ended June 30, 2019 and subsequent years remain open to tax examination. However, to the extent allowed by law, the tax authorities may have the right to examine prior periods where net operating losses were generated and carried forward, and make adjustments up to the amount of the net operating loss amount. At June 30, 2023, the Company did not have any significant unrecognized tax positions. The Company has provided what it believes to be an appropriate amount of tax for items that involve interpretation to the tax law. However, events may occur in the future that will cause the Company to reevaluate the current provision and may result in an adjustment to the liability for taxes. 

10. Commitments and Contingencies 
 39 

11. 
 
 principal amount of debt related to the accounts receivable factoring program for shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock ). As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related party interest accrual of related to the debt prior to the exchange, remained as an on demanded payable. 
 
 Each share of Preferred Stock entitles the Holder thereof to 13 votes per share and will vote together with all other classes and series of stock of the Company as a single class on all actions to be taken by the Company s stockholders. As a result of this voting power, the Holders as of June 30, 2023 beneficially own approximately of the voting power on all actions to be taken by the Company s stockholders. 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of Preferred Stock, the holder of any share or shares of the Preferred Stock has the right, at its option at any time, to convert each such share of Preferred Stock (except that, upon any liquidation of the Company, the right of conversion will terminate at the close of business on the business day fixed for payment of the amounts distributable on the Preferred Stock) into shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Ratio ). The Conversion Ratio is subject to standard provisions for adjustment in the event of a subdivision or combination of the Company s Common Stock and upon any reorganization or reclassification of the capital stock of the Company. If the Holders were to convert their shares of Preferred Stock into Common Stock at the Conversion Ratio the Holders would receive a total of shares of Common Stock, or approximately of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock assuming such conversion. 
 
 Each outstanding share of the Preferred Stock accrues dividends calculated cumulatively at the annual rate of per share (such amount subject to equitable adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination, reclassification other similar event), payable upon the earlier of (i) a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company or (ii) conversion of the Preferred Stock into Common Stock. Upon either of such events, all such accrued and unpaid dividends, whether or not earned or declared, to and until the date of such event, will become immediately due and payable and will be paid in full. The dividends payable to the holders of the Preferred Stock is payable in cash or, at the election of any such holder, in a number of additional shares of Common Stock equal to the amount of the dividend expressed in dollars divided by the then applicable Conversion Ratio, described above. As of June 30, 20 23 and 2022 the cumulative dividends payable is per share) and per share), respectively. 
 
 Mr. DePiano Sr. passed away on O ctober 3, 2019 and le ft a will by which he appointed Richard J. DePiano, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, as executor. Richard DePiano Jr. was elected to serve as chairman of the Company's board. Mr. DePiano, Jr. qualified as executor and has control over the listed shares in his capacity as executor of Mr. DePiano Sr.'s estate. 
 
 12. Concentration of Credit Risk 
 
 customer accounted for approximately of net sales during the year ended June 30, 2023. customer accounted for approximately of net sales during the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 40 

customer that represents approximately of the total accounts receivable balance. As of June 30, 2022 the Company had customer that represents approximately of the total accounts receivable balance. 
 
 Major Supplier 
 
 The Company's largest suppliers accounted for and of the total purchases for the year ended June 30, 2023. T he Company's largest suppliers accounted for the total purchases for and of total purchases for the year ended June 30, 2022 . As of June 30, 2023 the Company had suppliers that represent approximately and of the total accounts payable balance. As of June 30, 2022 the Company had supplier that represents of the total accounts payable balance. 
 
 Foreign Sales 
 
 Foreign Total 

13. Leases 

Total: 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information was as follows: 
 Total 
 
 Leases recorded on the balance sheet consist of the following: 
 June 30, Leases (operating) Classification on the Balance Sheet 2023 2022 Assets Operating lease ROU assets Right-of-use asset Liabilities Current Current portion of operating lease liabilities Non-current Operating lease liabilities 
 
 The table below reconciles the undiscounted future minimum lease payments (displayed by year and in the aggregate) 
 under noncancelable operating leases with terms of more than one year to the total operating lease liabilities 
 41 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Average lease terms and discount rates were as follows: 
 Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases 
 
 . 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s management 
 evaluated, with the participation of the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based upon that evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are not effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 42 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s management evaluated, with the participation of its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. This evaluation was conducted using the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013. We identified a material weakness in internal control related to the proper design and implementation of controls over our estimates relating to the valuation of inventory specifically over the precision of management s review. Based on our evaluation and as a result of the material weakness identified, our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30, 2023. 
 Remediation Plan for Existing Material Weakness 
 Management is committed to the remediation of the material weakness described above. As such, controls will be added to both increase the precision of the review of all assumptions used in the valuation of inventory and allowance for doubtful accounts, as well as to conduct senior management reviews of any and all material estimates that are applied in these instances 
 Pursuant to the rules of the SEC, the Company s management s report on internal control over financial reporting is furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding the Company's internal control over financial reporting. The Company s management s report on internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permits the Company to provide only the Company s management s report on internal control over financial reporting in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter of 2023 that would have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None 

PART III. 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to our directors and our executive officers. 
 
 43 

Name Age Position Richard J. DePiano, Jr. 57 Chief Executive Officer, President and General Counsel and Director Mark G. Wallace 54 Chief Operating Officer and Principal Financial Accounting Officer Lisa A. Napolitano 60 Director C. Todd Trusk 56 Director John P. Dogum 57 Director David J. Jocavini 47 Director 
 
 Set forth below are the names, positions held and business experience, including during the past five years, of our directors and executive officers as of October 13, 2023. Officers serve at the discretion of the board of directors. 
 Mr. DePiano, Jr. has been a Class I director since May 9, 2013, and was appointed our President and General Counsel of the Company on January 1, 2008 and our Chief Executive Officer on September 28, 2013. Previously, he was Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel. Mr. DePiano, Jr. joined us in November of 2000 as Vice President Corporate and Legal Affairs. He currently serves as a member of the board of directors, and served as President from 2008 to 2009 of the Delaware Valley Corporate Counsel Association DELVACCA ). Mr. DePiano, Jr. also serves as a member of the nominations committee, Chairman of the law school initiative committee and member of the pro-bono committee of DELVACCA. He also is vice chairman of the board of directors of the Montgomery County Industrial Development Authority. 
 Mr. Wallace was appointed our Chief Operating Officer on January 1, 2008. He was also appointed the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer on July 7, 2017. Mr. Wallace has worked with us since 1997. Previous to being appointed Chief Operating Officer he was Executive Vice President of our Escalon Digital Solutions and Trek Medical subsidiaries. He has jointly held the position of Vice President-Quality, with quality and regulatory responsibilities for all of our companies, and has also previously served as Operations Manager at Sonomed, Inc. and our Quality Manager. He had previously worked with Lunar Corp. (now GE Healthcare) and Trek Medical. He holds a B.S. in Industrial Engineering and a M.S. in Manufacturing Systems Engineering, both from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, is a senior member of the American Society of Quality, and has over 20 years experience in the medical device industry. 
 Ms. Napolitano has served on our board of directors since 2003. She is a Class II director. Ms. Napolitano has served as a Tax Manager at Global Tax Management, Inc., a provider of compliance support services for both federal and state taxes, since 1998. Ms. Napolitano is a Certified Public Accountant in Pennsylvania. Ms. Napolitano qualifies for our board of directors and audit committee based on her extensive experience in public accounting and through her understanding of internal controls, accounting principles, business operations and regulatory compliance. We believe that Ms. Napolotano s financial, operational and regulatory experience qualifies her to serve as a member of our board of directors and our audit committee. 
 
 Mr. Trusk was appointed as a member of our Board in 2015 as a Class I director. He is President of BroadBase Solutions, Inc., an information technology staffing and consulting firm since 2000. Mr. Trusk was a sales executive with CB Technologies an IT consulting firm based in the Philadelphia suburbs. Before joining CB Technologies Mr. Trusk held several sales and sales management positions within the disposable medical equipment markets. B. Braun Medical from 1994 to 1997 and Calgon Vestal Labs, a subsidiary of Merck Co.; Inc. from 1991 to 1994. We believe Mr. Trusk s operational, executive and professional experience qualifies him to serve as a member of our Board and our Audit Committee. 
 
 Mr. Jacovini was appointed as a Class III Director in February 2018. He previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of LaFrance Corp, a global manufacturer specializing in on-product branding. Previously, he was President and Founder of Innovator Management LLC, a sponsor of mutual funds and exchange traded funds, from 2011 to 2017. He served as Chief Executive Officer and portfolio manager of Academy Asset Management LLC from 2007 to 2015. Between 2007 and 2017 he held the positions of President, Treasurer, and Trustee of the Academy Funds Trust, a registered investment company. Prior to that, he worked on Wall Street as a derivatives marketer at Deutsche Bank AG and as a municipal strategist at Prudential Securities Incorporated. He holds a BA from the College of the Holy Cross and an MBA from the MIT Sloan School of Management. We believe Mr. Jacovini's operational, executive and professional experience qualifies him to serve as a member of our Board and our Audit Committee. 
 
 Mr. Dogum was appointed as a Class II director in February 2018. John P. Dogum is a partner at Martin Law where he has been working since 2003. He has concentrated his practice on litigating Pennsylvania workers compensation cases since 1992. Mr. Dogum has served as consultant to major insurers in addition to frequently appearing before Workers Compensation 
 44 

Judges in the Eastern region of Pennsylvania. Mr. Dogum has argued a case of first impression before the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. He has also litigated claims under the Federal Longshore and Harbor Workers Compensation Act. Mr. Dogum has been listed as a Pennsylvania Super Lawyer since 2009 as well as a Top 100 Philadelphia Super Lawyer in 2009. He has been listed as a Best Lawyer since 2013 by Best Lawyers in America. He holds a BS from the Susquehanna University and JD from the Widener University School of Law. We believe Mr. Dogum's operational, executive and professional experience qualifies him to serve as a member of our Board and our Audit Committee. 
 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors, executive officers and 10 stockholders to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The directors, executive officers and 10 stockholders are required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written representations from our directors and executive officers that no other reports were required, we believe that our directors, executive officers and 10 stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to them for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 Code of Conduct and Ethics 
 Our board of directors has adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all of our directors, the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller and persons performing similar functions, officers and employees. Our Code of Conduct and Ethics is posted in the Corporate Governance section of our Internet web site at www.escalonmed.com. Any amendments to, or grant of waiver with respect to, any provision of our Code of Conduct and Ethics, will be disclosed noting the nature of such amendment or waiver in the Corporate Governance section of our Internet web site at www.escalonmed.com or by other appropriate means as required or permitted under the applicable regulations of the SEC. 
 Audit Committee Members and Financial Expert 
 The members of the audit committee of our board of directors are Ms. Napolitano, Mr. Trusk, John P. Dogum and David J. Jacovini. Our board of directors has determined that each audit member has the attributes, education and experience of, and therefore is, an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K, and that each member of our audit committee is independent, as such term is defined in the applicable regulations of the Securities. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Overview of Executive Employment Agreements and Equity-Based Awards 
 On February 14, 2018, the Company entered into a Debt Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement with Mr. DePiano Sr., the Company's former Chairman and DP Associates Inc. Profit-Sharing Plan of which Mr. DePiano Sr. is the sole owner and sole trustee (the Holders ). Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, effective February 15, 2018, the Holders exchanged a total of 645,000 principal amount of debt related to the accounts receivable factoring program for 2,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock ). 
 
 Each share of Preferred Stock entitles the Holder thereof to 13 votes per share and will vote together with all other classes and series of stock of the Company as a single class on all actions to be taken by the Company s stockholders. As a result of this voting power, the Holders as of June 30, 2023 beneficially own approximately 77.81 of the voting power on all actions to be taken by the Company s stockholders. 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of Preferred Stock, the holder of any share or shares of the Preferred Stock has the right, at its option at any time, to convert each such share of Preferred Stock (except that, upon any liquidation of the Company, the right of conversion will terminate at the close of business on the business day fixed for payment of the amounts distributable on the Preferred Stock) into 2.15 shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Ratio ). The Conversion Ratio is subject to standard provisions for adjustment in the event of a subdivision or combination of the Company s Common Stock and upon any reorganization or reclassification of the capital stock of the Company. If the Holders were to convert their shares of Preferred Stock into Common Stock at the Conversion Ratio the Holders would receive a total of 4,300,000 shares of Common Stock, or approximately 36.70 of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock assuming such conversion. 
 
 Each outstanding share of the Preferred Stock accrues dividends calculated cumulatively at the annual rate of .0258 per share (such amount subject to equitable adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination, 
 45 

reclassification other similar event), payable upon the earlier of (i) a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company or (ii) conversion of the Preferred Stock into Common Stock. Upon either of such events, all such accrued and unpaid dividends, whether or not earned or declared, to and until the date of such event, will become immediately due and payable and will be paid in full. The dividends payable to the holders of the Preferred Stock is payable in cash or, at the election of any such holder, in a number of additional shares of Common Stock equal to the amount of the dividend expressed in dollars divided by the then applicable Conversion Ratio, described above.As of June 30, 20 23 and 2022 the cumulative dividends payable is 277,331 0.1387 per share) and 225,731 0.1129 per share), respectively. 
 
 Mr. DePiano Sr. passed away on O ctober 3, 2019 and le ft a will by which he appointed Richard J. DePiano, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, as executor. Richard DePiano Jr. was elected to serve as chairman of the Company's board. Mr. DePiano, Jr. qualified as executor and has control over the listed shares in his capacity as executor of Mr. DePiano Sr.'s estate. 
 Compensation of Named Executive Officers 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth certain summary information concerning compensation that we paid or accrued to or on behalf of each of our executive officers (the Named Executive Officers during each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus Stock Awards Option Awards (1) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings All Other Compensation (1) Total Richard J. DePiano, Jr. Chief Executive Officer, President and General Counsel 2023 182,000 22,000 204,000 2022 182,000 22,000 204,000 2021 182,000 22,000 204,000 Mark Wallace Chief Operating Officer and Principal Financial Accounting Officer 2023 149,000 12,810 161,810 2022 149,000 12,810 161,810 2021 149,000 12,810 161,810 
 
 (1) Includes payment of, (a) an automobile allowance and (b) insurance premiums paid for life insurance. 
 
 Grants of Plan Based Awards 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding grants of equity awards held by the named executive officers as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 46 

Option Awards Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options Option Exercise Price Option Expiration Date Exercisable Unexercisable Richard J. DePiano, Jr. 10,000 1.57 5/7/2024 10,000 0.79 5/7/2026 45,000 1.57 5/7/2024 Mark Wallace 35,000 1.57 5/7/2024 
 Compensation of Directors 
 The compensation committee of our board recommends director compensation to our board of directors based on factors it considers appropriate, market conditions and trends and the recommendations of management. In fiscal 2023, none of our non-employee directors received any compensation. 
 
 Accounting and Tax Considerations 
 On July 1, 2007, we adopted in the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to share based payments. Under this accounting standard, we are required to value stock options granted in fiscal year 2007 and in subsequent fiscal years under the fair value method and expense those amounts in the income statement over the vesting period of the stock option. We were also required to value unvested stock options granted prior to our adoption of the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to share based payments under the fair value method and amortize such expense in the income statement over the stock option s remaining vesting period. A material portion of such amortizing expense relates to option grants made to our executive officers. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 The following table indicates, as of October 13 , 2023 information about the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (1) each director as of October 13, 2023, (2) each Named Executive Officer, (3) all directors and executive officers as of October 13, 2023 as a group and (4) each person who we k now beneficially owns more than 5 of our common stock. All such shares were owned directly with sole voting and investment power unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 Beneficial Ownership Table 
 
 Name (1) Amount of Beneficial Ownership of Outstanding Shares (1) Percent of Class Amount of Beneficial Ownership of Shares Underlying Options Amount of Aggregate Beneficial Ownership Aggregate Percent of Class Richard J. DePiano, Jr. 4,440,833 (2) 59.9 65,000 4,505,833 (2) 59.5 Mark G. Wallace 35,000 35,000 Lisa A. Napolitano 2,000 2,000 C. Todd Trusk 250 7,000 7,250 John P. Dogum David J. Jocavinni All Directors and Executive Officers as a group (7 persons) 4,441,083 59.9 109,000 4,550,083 60.1 
 47 

) Less than one percent 
 (1) Information furnished by each individual named. This table includes shares that are owned jointly, in whole or in part with the person s spouse, or individually by his or her spouse. No shares held by board members or named executive officers are pledged as collateral. 
 
 (2) Includes the shares of Mr. Depiano Sr. as Mr. DePiano, Jr. qualified as executor and has control over the listed shares in his capacity as executor of Mr. DePiano.Sr.'s estate. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table sets forth information, as of June 30, 2023, with respect to compensation plans under which shares of our common stock are authorized for issuance. 
 
 Plan Category Number of Shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding stock options (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column a)) (c) Equity Compensation plans approved by stockholders 157,000 1.47 Equity Compensation plans not approved by stockholders 157,000 1.47 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Related Person Transactions 
 We recognize that related person transactions present a heightened risk of conflicts of interest and can create the appearance of a conflict of interest. Therefore, all proposed related person transactions are disclosed to our board of directors before we enter into the transaction, and, if the transaction continues for more than one year, the continuation is reviewed annually by our board of directors. 
 On February 14, 2018, the Company entered into a Debt Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement with Mr. DePiano Sr., the Company's former Chairman and DP Associates Inc. Profit-Sharing Plan of which Mr. DePiano Sr. is the sole owner and sole trustee (the Holders ). Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, effective February 15, 2018, the Holders exchanged a total of 645,000 principal amount of debt related to the accounts receivable factoring program for 2,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock ). 
 
 Each share of Preferred Stock entitles the Holder thereof to 13 votes per share and will vote together with all other classes and series of stock of the Company as a single class on all actions to be taken by the Company s stockholders. As a result of this voting power, the Holders as of June 30, 2023 beneficially own approximately 77.81 of the voting power on all actions to be taken by the Company s stockholders. 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions of Preferred Stock, the holder of any share or shares of the Preferred Stock has the right, at its option at any time, to convert each such share of Preferred Stock (except that, upon any liquidation of the Company, the right of conversion will terminate at the close of business on the business day fixed for payment of the amounts distributable on the Preferred Stock) into 2.15 shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Ratio ). The Conversion Ratio is subject to standard provisions for adjustment in the event of a subdivision or combination of the Company s Common Stock and upon any reorganization or reclassification of the capital stock of the Company. If the Holders were to convert their shares of Preferred Stock into Common Stock at the Conversion Ratio the Holders would receive a total of 4,300,000 shares of Common Stock, or approximately 36.70 of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock assuming such conversion. 
 
 Each outstanding share of the Preferred Stock accrues dividends calculated cumulatively at the annual rate of .0258 per share (such amount subject to equitable adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination, reclassification other similar event), payable upon the earlier of (i) a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company or 
 48 

(ii) conversion of the Preferred Stock into Common Stock. Upon either of such events, all such accrued and unpaid dividends, whether or not earned or declared, to and until the date of such event, will become immediately due and payable and will be paid in full. The dividends payable to the holders of the Preferred Stock is payable in cash or, at the election of any such holder, in a number of additional shares of Common Stock equal to the amount of the dividend expressed in dollars divided by the then applicable Conversion Ratio, described above. As of June 30, 20 23 and 2022 the cumulative dividends payable is 277,331 0.1387 per share) and 225,731 0.1129 per share), respectively. 
 
 Mr. DePiano Sr. passed away on O ctober 3, 2019 and le ft a will by which he appointed Richard J. DePiano, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, as executor. Richard DePiano Jr. was elected to serve as chairman of the Company's board. Mr. DePiano, Jr. qualified as executor and has control over the listed shares in his capacity as executor of Mr. DePiano Sr.'s estate. 

Director Independence 
 Our board of directors has determined that, Lisa Napolitano, C. Todd Trusk, John P. Dogum and David J. Jocavini are 
 independent, as such term is defined in the applicable rules of the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The following table summarizes the aggregate fees billed to Escalon Medical Corp. by Friedman LLP (through September 2022) and its post-merger successor Marcum LLP (after September 2022), for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023 2022 Audit Fees 129,000 129,000 Audit-Related Fees Tax Fees 40,000 All Other Fees Total Fees 169,000 129,000 
 In the table above, pursuant to definitions under the applicable regulations of the SEC, audit fees are fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and for services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements; audit-related fees are fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit and review of our financial statements, and primarily include accounting consultations and audits in connection with potential acquisitions; tax fees are fees for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning; and all other fees are fees for any services not included in the first three categories. 
 Our audit committee is responsible for pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our principal accountant, except in those instances which do not require such pre-approval pursuant to the applicable regulations of the SEC. The audit committee has established policies and procedures for its pre-approval of audit services and permitted non-audit services and, from time to time, the audit committee reviews and revises its policies and procedures for pre-approval. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 1. Documents Filed as Part of This Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 a. Financial Statements 
 The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 49 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 All other schedules have been omitted because the required information is not applicable or the information is included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements or the related Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3. EXHIBITS 
 The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, where so indicated by footnote, exhibits that were previously filed, are incorporated by reference. For exhibits incorporated by reference, the location of the exhibit in the previous filing is indicated parenthetically, followed by the footnote reference to the previous filing. 
 
 3.1 (a) Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company. (b) Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 28, 2001 between Escalon Pennsylvania, Inc. and Escalon Medical Corp. (8) (c) Statement with respect to shares dated February 15, 2018. (18) 3.2 Bylaws of Registrant. (8) 4.1 Description of Securities 10.1 Employment Agreement between the Company and Richard J. DePiano dated May 12, 1998. (6) 10.2 Company s amended and restated 1999 Equity Incentive Plan. (13) 
 10.30 Manufacturing Supply and Distribution Agreement between Sonomed, Inc. and Ophthalmic Technologies, Inc. dated as of March 11, 2004. (15) 10.40 Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefit Agreement for Richard DePiano dated June 23, 2005. (16) 10.5 2013 Equity Incentive Plan dated December 27, 2013 incorporate by reference. 10.6 Business Loan Agreement with TD Bank, N.A. dated June 29, 2018. (19) 10.70 Promissory Note dated June 29, 2018 between the Company and TD Bank N.A. (19) 10.8 Agreement of Deposit Account dated June 29, 2018 between the Company and TD Bank N.A. (19) 21 Subsidiaries. (11) 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ). 
 23.3 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ). 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 ). 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 ). 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 ). 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 ). 
 
 101. SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101. CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101. DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101. LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101. PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 50 

Filed herewith Management contract of compensatory plan (1) Filed as an exhibit to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 dated November 9, 1993 (Registration No. 33-69360). 
 (2) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-KSB for the year ended June 30, 1994. (3) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-KSB for the year ended June 30, 1995. (4) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K dated February 27, 2008. (5) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-KSB for the year ended June 30, 1999. (6) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K/A, dated March 31, 2000 (7) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form s- dated February 25, 2000 (Registration No. 333-31138). (8) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, as filed by the Company with the SEC on September 21, 2001. (9) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-KSB for the year ended June 30, 2001. (10) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001. (11) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-KSB/A for the year ended June 30, 2002. 
 (12) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2002. 
 (13) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2003. 
 (14) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated April 8, 2004 (Registration No. 333-114332). 
 (15) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2004. 
 (16) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K, dated June 23, 2005. 
 (17) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K, dated May 6, 2010. 
 (18) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K, dated February 15, 2018 
 (19) Filed as exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K dated July 6, 2018 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Escalon Medical Corp. 
 (Registrant) By: /s/ Richard J. DePiano, Jr. Richard J. DePiano, Jr. Chief Executive Officer 
 Dated: October 13, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 51 

By: /s/ Richard J. DePiano, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) October 13, 2023 Richard J. DePiano, Jr. By: /s/ Mark Wallace Chief Operating Officer and Principal Financial Accounting Officer 
 October 13, 2023 Mark Wallace By: /s/ John P. Dogum Director October 13, 2023 John P. Dogum By: /s/ Lisa Napolitano Director October 13, 2023 Lisa Napolitano By: /s/ C. Todd Trusk Director October 13, 2023 C. Todd Trusk By: /s/ David J Jacovini Director October 13, 2023 David J Jacovini 

52 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 esmc_20230630-10kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Escalon Medical Corp. on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-157174, 333-44513, and 333-114332) and Form S-8 (Nos. 33-54994, 33-80162, 333-31138, 333-54980, and 333-83392) of our report October 13, 2023, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Escalon Medical Corp. as of June 30, 2023 and for the year ended June 30, 2023 which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Escalon Medical Corp. for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 s Marcum LLP 
 
 Marcum LLP 
 Marlton, New Jersey 
 October 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.3>
 3
 esmc_20230630-10kex233.htm
 EX-23.3

Document 

Exhibit 23.3 
 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Escalon Medical Corp. on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-157174, 333-44513, and 333-114332) and Form S-8 (Nos. 33-54994, 33-80162, 333-31138, 333-54980, and 333-83392) of our report dated September 28, 2022, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Escalon Medical Corp. as of June 30, 2022 and for the year ended June 30, 2022 appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Escalon Medical Corp. for the year ended June 30, 2023. We resigned as auditors on September 1, 2022 and, accordingly, we have not performed any audit or review procedures with respect to any financial statements for the periods after the date of our resignation. 
 
 s Friedman LLP 
 
 Friedman LLP 
 Marlton, New Jersey 
 October 13, 2023 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 esmc_20220630-10kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 I, Richard J. DePiano, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 of Escalon Medical Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Richard J. DePiano Jr. Richard J. DePiano Jr. Chief Executive Officer Date October 13, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 esmc_20221630-10kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 I, Mark Wallace, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 of Escalon Medical Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Mark Wallace Mark Wallace Date October 13, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 esmc_20230630-10kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Escalon Medical Corp. (the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard J. DePiano, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date October 13, 2023 

s Richard J. DePiano Jr. Richard J. DePiano Jr. Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 esmc_20230630-10kex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Escalon Medical Corp. (the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark Wallace, Chief Operating Officer and Principal Financial & Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date October 13, 2023 

s Mark Wallace Mark Wallace Chief Operating Officer and Principal Accounting & Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 esmc-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 esmc-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 esmc-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 esmc-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 esmc-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

