<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231117_10-K_edgar_data_1749849_0001213900-23-088393.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4630039</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>150981</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1141222</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>916185</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1195359</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1132210</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-088393.hdr.sgml : 20231117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231117172918
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-088393
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Organic Agricultural Co Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001749849
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - CROPS [0100]
		IRS NUMBER:				825442097
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56168
		FILM NUMBER:		231420105

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 6504 BUILDING 3, KEJICHUANGXINCHENG
		STREET 2:		CHUANGXINCHUANGYE PLAZA
		CITY:			HARBIN, HEILONGJIANG PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			150090
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 0451 51527001

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 6504 BUILDING 3, KEJICHUANGXINCHENG
		STREET 2:		CHUANGXINCHUANGYE PLAZA
		CITY:			HARBIN, HEILONGJIANG PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			150090

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-088393.txt : 20231117

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_organicagri.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to
___________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification Number) 

, , 

, 

, Heilongjiang Province, 

Office: 

(Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, 

of Registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 Not Applicable 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12 b-2 of the Act). Yes No

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

As of the date of filing of this report, there
were outstanding shares of the issuer s common stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 13 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 13 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 13 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 13 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 14 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 14 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 15 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 18 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 19 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 19 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 20 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 20 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 21 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 23 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 24 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 25 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 25 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 26 

i 

PART I 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking
Statements 

The discussion contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any statements about our expectations,
beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements
are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases like anticipate, estimate, plans, 
 projects, continuing, ongoing, target, expects, management
believes, we believe, we intend, we may, we will, we should, 
 we seek, we plan, the negative of those terms, and similar words or phrases. We base these forward-looking
statements on our expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate as of the
date of this Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that cannot be predicted,
quantified or controlled and that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by, or underlying
the forward-looking statements. Statements in this Form 10-K describe factors, among others, that could contribute to or cause these
differences. Actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, projected or expected should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect. Because the factors discussed in this Form 10-K could
cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf,
you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statement. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible
for us to predict which will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any
factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.
Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly revise our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
that arise after the date of this Form 10-K. 

Item 1. Business 

Corporate Structure 

Organic Agricultural Company Limited Organic
Agricultural , the Company , we or us was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April
17, 2018. Our website address is www.oacl.top. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website
is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Report. 

The Company carries on business through its subsidiaries
with headquarters in Harbin of China. At the beginning of fiscal year 2023, the Company s operating subsidiaries consisted of Heilongjiang
Yuxinqi Agricultural Technology Development Company Limited Yuxinqi ), which marketed agricultural products, and 51 owned
Tianci Wanguan (Xiamen) Digital Technology Company Limited Tianci Wanguan ), which provided software development. As of
June 30, 2022, the Company had suspended the operations of Tianci Wanguan and on August 19, 2022, completed the divestment of Tianci Wanguan.
The divestment of Tianci Wanguan will enable the Company to focus on its other business: processing and marketing food products. 

With the divestment of Tianci Wanguan, the Company s
remaining subsidiaries are: 

Organic Agricultural (Samoa) Co., Ltd. Organic Agricultural Samoa ), a wholly owned limited company registered in Samoa on December 15, 2017. Organic Agricultural
Samoa owns all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Organic Agricultural Company Limited (Hong Kong). 

Organic Agricultural Company Limited (Hong
Kong) Organic Agricultural HK ), which was established on December 6, 2017 under the laws of Hong Kong. Organic Agricultural
HK wholly owns all of the registered equity of Heilongjiang Tianci Liangtian Agricultural Technology Development Company Limited. 

1 

Heilongjiang Tianci Liangtian Agricultural
Technology Development Company Limited . Tianci Liangtian ), a wholly owned limited company registered in Heilongjiang,
China on November 2, 2017. Tianci Liangtian owns all of the registered equity of Yuxinqi. 

Heilongjiang Yuxinqi Agricultural Technology
Development Company Limited Yuxinqi ), which was incorporated in Heilongjiang, China on February 5, 2018. Tianci Liangtian
organized Yuxinqi to function as a marketing company, selling paddy and other crops to customers in the PRC. Yuxinqi shares offices in
Harbin with Tianci Liangtian. Yuxinqi is engaged in marketing. As our operations grow, Yuxinqi will undertake a broader range of marketing
activities, both for paddy and for other food products. 

Our present corporate structure is as follows: 

2 

Our Business 

Our subsidiary, Yuxinqi, was organized in February
2018. To date, Yuxinqi has devoted its efforts to the marketing and distribution of selenium-enriched agricultural products, primarily
paddy rice and coarse cereals. Going forward, Yuxinqi intends to continue its focus on the marketing and sale of agricultural products,
while enlarging its offerings to include a variety of crop foods, dry goods as well as processed foods. 

Selenium is one of the essential 
nutrients for humans, meaning that our bodies cannot produce it, and so we have to get it from our diet. Selenium deficiency can cause
health problems including Keshan s disease, a form of cardiomyopathy. The World Health Organization has found that between 50 and
250 micrograms of selenium constitute a healthy daily intake. 

Scientists now know selenium is necessary in the
body s production of selenoproteins, a family of proteins that contain selenium in the form of an amino acid. So far, 25 different
selenoproteins in the body have been isolated, but only half of their functions have been identified. Selenium is one of several nutrients
known to have antioxidant properties, meaning selenium plays a part in chemical reactions that stop free radicals from damaging cells
and DNA. Human and animal research has found selenoproteins are involved in embryo development, thyroid hormone metabolism, antioxidant
defense, sperm production, muscle function and the immune system s response to vaccinations. Antioxidant supplements, including
selenium, are often touted to help prevent heart disease, cancer and vision loss. 

According to the Chinese Selenium Supplements
Association, selenium is purported to help people with asthma, and reduce the risk of rheumatoid arthritis and cardiovascular disease.
Selenium levels drop with age, so some have claimed selenium can slow the aging process, cognitive decline and dementia. Low selenium
levels are also implicated in depression, male infertility, weak immune systems and thyroid problems. 

Plants grown in soil containing selenium convert
it into a form that is usable to humans and animals. Soil around the world varies in its selenium concentration. The higher the concentration
of selenium in soil, the higher the concentration of selenium is in crops. Soil in Nebraska, South and North Dakota, for example, is especially
rich in selenium, and people living in these areas typically have the highest dietary intake of selenium in the United States . On
the other hand, seventy-two percent (72 of the land in China is selenium-poor. 

Because rice is a staple food in China, selenium-enriched
rice obtained by bioenrichment to increase the selenium content of rice was determined to be a good selenium source for the population
in selenium-deficient regions. 

All our products come from the Sanjiang Plain.
The Sanjiang Plain is noteworthy for, among other things, the relatively high content of selenium in its soil. By focusing on the marketing
and distribution of selenium-enhanced rice, the Company hopes to develop a sustainable position in the Chinese rice market. 

Operating Licenses 

Our products are subject to regulation by governmental
agencies in the PRC and Heilongjiang Province. Business and company registrations, along with the products, are certified on a regular
basis and must be in compliance with the laws and regulations of the PRC and provincial and local governments and industry agencies, which
are controlled and monitored through the issuance of licenses. Our licenses include: 

Tianci Liangtian and Yuxinqi
operating licenses enable us to undertake agricultural technology development services, primary processing of agricultural products,
grain and legume cultivation, and agricultural product sales. (Legally approved projects can be launched after approval by the relevant
departments). The registration numbers are 91230100MA1ATNP757 and 91230109MA1AYU4P51, respectively; and they are valid from November
2, 2017 and February 5, 2018, respectively, with no expiration date. 

3 

Competition 

Currently, the distribution of selenium-enriched
agricultural products in China is the province of small and medium-sized enterprises, with no dominant participant in the market. The
diversity of the market is primarily a function of the relatively brief period that the inclusion of selenium-enriched food stuffs in
the Chinese diet has been popular. As the practice becomes more well-established, the emergence of market leaders will be likely. 

We are a small company. However, with our recent
focus on distribution of selenium-enriched products, we are entering a growing market. We believe that we will be able to compete effectively
in this market because we have the advantage of product specificity, which should enable our brand to become identified as a source for
selenium-enriched products. 

Suppliers 

Over the years of operations, we have developed
a solid and reliable image and reputation with suppliers. We have established supplier relationships with several local companies. 

Marketing 

We believe that the importance of selenium to
human health and the fact of selenium deficiency in large parts of China create a vast market potential for development. Selenium has
been studied extensively in China. These efforts have resulted in confirming that selenium is an important element for human health and
that there are areas within China that are significantly deficient in the soil and water. In the past decade, Chinese government policy
has helped to enhance the importance of selenium and the potential of the selenium market. 

The Company offers value-added products, both
products based on rice and products based on other food stuffs, such as organic red beans and millet. 

Insurance 

We do not maintain fire, theft, product liability
or other insurance of any kind. We bear the economic risk with respect to loss of or damage or destruction to our property and to the
interruption of our business as well as liability to third parties for damage or destruction to them or their property that may be caused
by our personnel or products. 

Income Taxes 

United States 

The company is subject to an income tax rate of
21 in the United States of America. 

Samoa 

Organic Agricultural (Samoa) Co., Ltd was incorporated
in Samoa and, under the current laws of Samoa, is not subject to income tax. 

China 

Tianci Liantian and Yuxinqi are subject to a 25 
standard enterprise income tax in the PRC. 

Employees 

As of March 31, 2023, we had 15 employees.
None of our employees are represented by a labor union or similar collective bargaining organization. 

4 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our common stock involves a high
degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and other information in this 10K before deciding to invest in
our Company. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be seriously
harmed. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Changes in relations between the United States
and China and/or regulations may adversely impact our business, our operating results, our ability to raise capital and the market price
of our shares. 

The U.S. government, including the SEC, has made
statements and taken actions that led to changes in United States relations with China, and will impact companies with connections to
the United States or China. Actions by the U.S. government included imposing several rounds of tariffs affecting certain products manufactured
in China and imposing certain sanctions and restrictions in relation to China. Actions by the SEC included issuing statements indicating
its intent to make enhanced review of companies with significant China-based operations. It is unknown whether and to what extent new
legislation, executive orders, tariffs, laws or regulations will be adopted, or the effect that any such actions would have on companies
with significant connections to the U.S. or to China, our industry or on us. Any unfavorable government policies on cross-border relations,
including increased scrutiny of companies with significant China-based operations, capital controls or tariffs, may affect our ability
to raise capital and the market price of our shares. 

Furthermore, the SEC has issued statements primarily
focused on companies with significant China-based operations, such as us. For example, on July 30, 2021, Gary Gensler, Chairman of the
SEC, issued a Statement on Investor Protection Related to Recent Developments in China, in which Chairman Gensler stated that he has asked
the SEC staff to engage in targeted additional reviews of filings for companies with significant China-based operations. The statement
also addressed risks inherent in companies with a Variable Interest Entity, or a VIE structure. We do not have a VIE structure and are
not in an industry that is subject to foreign ownership limitations by China. Further, we believe that we have robust disclosures relating
to our operations in China, including the relevant risks noted in Chairman Gensler s statement. However, it is possible that the
Company s periodic reports and other filings with the SEC may be subject to enhanced review by the SEC and this additional scrutiny
could affect our ability to effectively raise capital in the United States. 

In response to the SEC s July 30 statement,
the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) announced on August 1, 2021 that it is our belief that Chinese and U.S. regulators
shall continue to enhance communication with the principle of mutual respect and cooperation, and properly address the issues related
to the supervision of China-based companies listed in the U.S. so as to form stable policy expectations and create a benign rules framework
for the market. While the CSRC will continue to collaborate closely with different stakeholders including investors, companies,
and relevant authorities to further promote transparency and certainty of policies and implementing measures, CSRC emphasized that
it has always been open to companies choices to list their securities on international or domestic markets in compliance
with relevant laws and regulations. 

If any new legislation, executive orders, tariffs,
laws and/or regulations are implemented, if existing trade agreements are renegotiated or if the U.S. or Chinese governments take retaliatory
actions due to the recent U.S.-China tensions, such changes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations, our ability to raise capital and the market price of our shares. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company continues to generate operating losses
and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenue sufficient to cover its operating costs over an extended
period of time. These factors, among others, caused our independent auditor, in its audit opinion for the fiscal year ended March 31,
2023, to express substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s operations have been financed
primarily by advances and loans from related parties and proceeds from sales of shares. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that we
would be able to raise the additional funding needed to support our continuing operations, implement our business plans or cover unanticipated
costs. 

Since we have not generated significant revenues
and have experienced recurring losses, an investment in our shares is highly risky and could result in a complete loss of your investment
if we are unsuccessful in implementing our business plans and achieving profitable operations. 

Based upon current plans, we expect to incur operating
losses in future periods as we incur significant expenses associated with the effort of expanding our business. Further, we cannot guarantee
that we will be successful in realizing sufficient revenues or in achieving or sustaining positive cash flows at any time in the future.
Any such failure could result in the possible closure of our business or force us to seek additional financing through loans or additional
sales of our equity securities to continue business operations, which could dilute the value of any shares you purchase. 

5 

COVID-19 has adversely impacted our
business and may further impact our business, financial results and liquidity for an unknown period of time. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has led government
and other authorities to impose measures intended to control its spread, including restrictions on freedom of movement, restrictions on
gatherings of large numbers of people, and temporary closure of company operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has led to significant
disruptions in our distribution operations and supply chains. 

In response to COVID-19, we have taken steps
to reduce operating costs and improve efficiency, including furloughing of our employees. Such steps, and further changes we may make
in the future to reduce our costs, may negatively impact our ability to attract and retain employees. If this were to occur, we may experience
operational challenges that result in a negative impact on our customer services and ultimately, loss of market share, which could limit
our ability to grow and expand our business. 

In addition to the disruption to many aspects
of our business operations, the COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted overall economic conditions and customer demand. We
believe the COVID-19 pandemic could continue to impact customer demand for our products and services and customer spending
levels. 

Since December 2022, many of the restrictive measures
previously adopted by the PRC governments at various levels to control the spread of the COVID-19 virus have been revoked or replaced
with more flexible measures. The revocation or replacement of the restrictive measures to contain the COVID-19 pandemic could have a positive
impact on the Company s normal operations. However, there has recently been and may continue to be an increase in COVID-19 cases
in China, and as a result, we experienced temporary disruption to our operations where many employees were infected with COVID-19. The
extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts the Company s business, prospects and results of operations will depend on future
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the pandemic,
its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, and when and to what extent normal economic and operating activities
can resume. With the uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 outbreak, the threat to the Company s business disruption and the related
financial impact remains. 

We are unable to predict the extent to which the
pandemic and related impacts will continue to adversely impact our business operations, financial performance, results of operations,
financial position and the achievement of our strategic objectives. 

Our marketing efforts will not be successful
if we are unable to develop a broad awareness of our brand. 

Our business is now primarily focused on the marketing
and distribution of selenium-enriched rice paddy and other foodstuffs through our Yuxinqi subsidiary. Food distribution in China is a
highly competitive business, with many very large participants in the market. Our plan to increase participation in the market depends
on our ability to market our brand as a source for selenium-enriched products. By identifying our brand with the growing market for selenium-enriched
foodstuffs, we hope that growth will increase with the value of our brand. If this plan fails to be realized, it will be difficult for
us to distinguish Yuxinqi from the many small food distributors who operate with modest profitability, which may prevent our shareholders
from realizing value from their investment in the Company. 

Some residents of China have recently begun
to use supplements to offset selenium deficiency in their diets. We cannot predict the extent to which they may come to prefer supplements
as a remedy for selenium deficiencies rather than selenium-enhanced food products. 

Selenium deficiency has been a problem in eastern
China for centuries, and the relationship of selenium deficiencies to Keshan Disease has long been known. Until recently, efforts to alleviate
selenium deficiencies have been limited to changes in diet and the introduction of selenium-rich foods, where available. The use of selenium
supplements is relatively recent. The use of selenium supplements does offer certain advantages, however, selenium supplements, if purchased
from a reliable vendor, provide an assured quantity of selenium, whereas the selenium quantity in a specific item of grocery food is untested.
Selenium supplements may be more cost-effective than selenium-enhanced foods, depending on the development of the market for each. For
these and other reasons, the growth of the market for selenium supplements may be an obstacle to the growth of the market for selenium-enhanced
foods. 

6 

Product liability claims could materially
impact operating results and profitability. 

Excessive ingestion of selenium can have serious
harmful effects on an individual. While our technicians will use their best efforts to achieve an optimal selenium content in our products,
many factors determine the selenium levels in a crop. Our technicians may be unable to determine when a crop contains an excess amount
of selenium. Moreover, even if our technicians are successful in optimizing the selenium value in our products, consumers who suffer symptoms
of selenium poisoning may focus their blame on our products. In either such situation, we may be subject to lawsuits for damages. Such
lawsuits could drain our financial resources, particularly as we do not presently carry any product liability insurance or business interruption
insurance. Lawsuits by customers may also distract the time and attention of our management. In addition, a product liability claim, regardless
of merit or eventual outcome, could result in damage to our reputation, decreased demand for our products, product recalls and loss of
revenue. 

We do not presently maintain fire, theft,
product liability or any other property insurance, which leaves us with exposure in the event of loss or damage to our properties or claims
filed against us. 

We do not maintain fire, theft, product liability
or other insurance of any kind. We bear the economic risk with respect to loss of or damage or destruction to our property and to the
interruption of our business, as well as liability to third parties for damage or destruction to them or their property that may be caused
by our personnel or products. Such liability could be substantial and the occurrence of such loss or liability may have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and prospects. 

We may not be able to effectively control
and manage our planned growth. 

We have limited operational, administrative and
financial resources, which may be inadequate to sustain the growth we want to achieve. If our business and markets grow and develop, it
will be necessary for us to finance and manage expansion accordingly. In addition, we may face challenges in managing our expanding product
and service offerings, and in integrating any businesses we acquire with our own. Such growth would place increased demands on our existing
management, employees and facilities. Our failure to meet these demands could interrupt or adversely affect our operations and cause administrative
inefficiencies. Additionally, failure to execute our planned growth strategy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operation. 

As a smaller marketing company with reporting
obligations, we may be at a competitive disadvantage to other food distribution companies. The food distribution industry has low barriers
to entry. 

Because the food distribution market is competitive,
is driven in large part by costs, and consists mostly of private companies that do not have public reporting obligations, our reporting
obligations may put us at a competitive disadvantage. The food distribution industry has low barriers to entry, and is populated by a
number of giant companies as well as multitudes of modest to small companies. In addition, we will face additional expenses that a private
food distribution company does not have, such as PCAOB auditor fees, Edgar filing fees and legal fees related to our SEC reporting obligations.
Other non-public food distribution companies do not incur these costs. We are at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors because
of this. 

Risks Relating to our Management 

The loss of the services of any of our officers
or our failure to timely identify and retain competent personnel could negatively impact our ability to develop our products and sales. 

The development of our business will continue
to place a significant strain on our limited personnel, management, and other resources. Our future success depends upon the continued
services of our executive officers, Shen Zhenai, our President, Chairman of the Board and Director, Xun Jianjun, our Chief Executive Officer
and Director, Wang Qiu, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the continued involvement of Hao Shuping, our Director who brought together
the elements of our business. They are developing our business, which will depend on our ability to identify and retain competent employees
with the skills required to execute our business objectives. The loss of the services of any of our officers or our failure to timely
identify and retain competent personnel could negatively impact our ability to develop our products and sales, which could adversely affect
our financial results and impair our growth. 

7 

If we are unable to hire, retain or motivate
qualified personnel, consultants, independent contractors, and advisors, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our performance will be largely dependent on the
talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate
and retain highly qualified personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition for such qualified employees is intense. If we do
not succeed in attracting competent personnel or in retaining or motivating them, we may be unable to grow effectively. In addition, our
future success depends largely on our ability to retain key consultants and advisors. We cannot assure that any skilled individuals will
agree to become an employee, consultant, or independent contractor of Organic Agricultural Company Limited. Our inability to retain their
services could negatively impact our business and our ability to execute our business strategy. 

Our internal controls over financial reporting
may not be effective and our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to certify as to their effectiveness, which
could have a significant and adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

As a newly public reporting company, we will be
in a continuing process of developing, establishing, and maintaining internal controls and procedures that will allow our management to
report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to, our internal controls over financial reporting if and when
required to do so under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Although our independent registered public accounting firm is not
required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act until the date we are no longer an emerging growth company, our management will be required to report on our internal controls over
financial reporting under Section 404. If we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we would not be able
to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404. At such
time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level
at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. Moreover, our testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered
public accounting firm, that must be performed may reveal other material weaknesses or that the material weaknesses noted have not been
fully remediated. If we do not remediate the material weaknesses noted, or if other material weaknesses are identified or we are not able
to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, our reported financial results could be materially misstated or could
subsequently require restatement, we could receive an adverse opinion regarding our internal controls over financial reporting from our
independent registered public accounting firm and we could be subject to investigations or sanctions by regulatory authorities, which
would require additional financial and management resources. 

Our lack of an independent audit committee
and audit committee financial expert at this time may hinder our board of directors effectiveness in monitoring the Company s
compliance with its disclosure and accounting obligations. Until we establish such committee, we will be unable to obtain a listing on
a national securities exchange. 

Although our common stock is not listed on any
national securities exchange, for purposes of independence we use the definition of independence applied by NASDAQ. Currently, we have
no independent audit committee. Our board of directors functions as our audit committee and is comprised of four directors. An independent
audit committee would play a crucial role in the corporate governance process, assessing our Company s processes relating to our
risks and control environment, overseeing financial reporting, and evaluating internal and independent audit processes. The lack of an
independent audit committee may deprive the Company of management s independent judgment. We may, however, have difficulty attracting
and retaining independent directors with the requisite qualifications. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified, independent directors,
the management of our business could be compromised. An independent audit committee is required for listing on any national securities
exchange. Therefore, until such time as we meet the audit committee independence requirements of a national securities exchange, we will
be ineligible for listing on any national securities exchange. 

Our board of directors acts as our compensation
committee, which presents the risk that compensation and benefits paid to those executive officers who are board members and other officers
may not be commensurate with our financial performance. 

A compensation committee consisting of independent
directors is a safeguard against self-dealing by company executives. Our board of directors, which has no independent members, acts as
the compensation committee for the Company and determines the compensation and benefits of our executive officers, administers our employee
stock and benefit plans, and reviews policies relating to the compensation and benefits of our employees. Our lack of an independent compensation
committee presents the risk that an executive officer on the board may have influence over his or her personal compensation and benefit
levels that may not be commensurate with our financial performance or the market place. 

8 

Limitations on director and officer liability
and indemnification of our Company s officers and directors by us may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against an
officer or director. 

Our Company s certificate of incorporation
and bylaws provide, with certain exceptions as required by governing state law, that a director or officer shall not be personally liable
to us or our stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, except for acts or omissions which involve intentional
misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law, or unlawful payments of dividends. These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing
a lawsuit against a director or officer for breach of fiduciary duty and may reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation by stockholders
on the Company s behalf against a director or officer. 

Our management has limited experience managing
a public company. 

At the present time, none of our management has
experience in managing a public company. This may hinder our ability to establish effective controls and systems and comply with all applicable
requirements associated with being a public company. If compliance problems result, these problems could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. As a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other
expenses that we did not incur as a private company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010, as well
as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, have imposed various new requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in
corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to our new compliance
requirements. Moreover, these requirements will increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs and will make some activities
more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect it will be difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability
insurance. These requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain independent and qualified persons to serve
on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 

We may have difficulty establishing adequate
management, legal and financial controls in the PRC. 

The PRC historically has not adopted a western
style of management and financial reporting concepts and practices, as in modern banking, computer and other control systems. We may have
difficulty in hiring and retaining a sufficient number of qualified employees to work in the PRC. As a result of these factors, we may
experience difficulty in establishing management, legal and financial controls, collecting financial data and preparing financial statements,
books of account and corporate records and instituting business practices that meet western standards. Therefore, we may, in turn, experience
difficulties and additional costs in implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes
Oxley Act of 2002. 

Risks Related to Regulation 

The recent joint statement by the SEC and
PCAOB and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging
market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB.
Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which, if enacted, would
amend the HFCA Act and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor
is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three. These developments could add uncertainties to holding
and investing in shares of our common stock. 

On April 21, 2020, the SEC Chairman Jay Clayton
and PCAOB Chairman William D. Duhnke III, along with other senior SEC staff, released a joint statement highlighting the risks associated
with investing in companies based in or have substantial operations in emerging markets including China. The joint statement emphasized
the risks associated with lack of access for the PCAOB to inspect auditors and audit work papers in China and higher risks of fraud in
emerging markets. 

On May 18, 2020, Nasdaq filed three proposals
with the SEC to (i) apply minimum offering size requirement for companies primarily operating in a Restrictive Market , (ii)
adopt a new requirement relating to the qualification of management or board of directors for Restrictive Market companies, and (iii)
apply additional and more stringent criteria to an applicant or listed company based on the qualifications of the company s auditors. 

On May 20, 2020, the U.S. Senate passed the Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act requiring a foreign company to certify it is not owned or controlled by a foreign government if the
PCAOB is unable to audit specified reports because the company uses a foreign auditor not subject to PCAOB inspection. If the PCAOB is
unable to inspect the company s auditors for three consecutive years, the issuer s securities are prohibited to trade on a
national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. On December 2, 2020, the U.S. House of Representatives
approved the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act. On December 18, 2020, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act was signed
into law. 

On March 24, 2021, the SEC announced that it had
adopted interim final amendments to implement congressionally mandated submission and disclosure requirements of the Act. The interim
final amendments will apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report on Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F or N-CSR
with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB has determined
it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in that jurisdiction. The SEC will implement
a process for identifying such a registrant and any such identified registrant will be required to submit documentation to the SEC establishing
that it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in that foreign jurisdiction, and will also require disclosure in the registrant s
annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and governmental influence on, such a registrant. 

9 

On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which, if enacted, would amend the HFCA Act and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer s
securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead
of three. This would reduce the time period before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted from three years to two years. 

On September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted a final
rule implementing the HFCAA, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated under the HFCAA, whether
the Board is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because
of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. 

On December 16, 2021, PCAOB issued a report on
its determination that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered
in mainland China and in Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region of the PRC, because of positions taken by PRC authorities in those
jurisdictions. The PCAOB made these determinations pursuant to PCAOB Rule 6100, which provides a framework for how the PCAOB fulfills
its responsibilities under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the HFCAA ). If the PCAOB is unable to inspect
or investigate completely a registered public accounting firm headquartered in mainland China or Hong Kong because of a position taken
by one or more authorities in mainland China or Hong Kong, investors are deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections, which could
cause investors to lose confidence in audit procedures and the quality of financial statements. In addition, under the HFCAA, a company s
securities may be prohibited from trading on the U.S. stock exchanges or in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. if its auditor
is not inspected by the PCAOB, and this ultimately could result in a company s common stock being delisted. 

The audit report included in this annual report
on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023, was issued by , a U.S.-based accounting firm that is registered
with the PCAOB and can be inspected by the PCAOB. Our auditor is headquartered in and is subject to inspection by the PCAOB on
a regular basis with the last inspection in 2020. We have no intention of dismissing Wei, Wei Co., LLP in the future or of engaging
any auditor not based in the U.S. and not subject to regular inspection by the PCAOB. There is no guarantee, however, that any future
auditor engaged by the Company would remain subject to full PCAOB inspection during the entire term of our engagement. 

However, the recent developments would add uncertainties
to holding and investing in our common stock and we cannot assure you whether regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent
criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of
personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements.
It remains unclear what the SEC s implementation process related to the June 2021 interim final amendments will entail or what further
actions the SEC or the PCAOB will take to address these issues and what impact those actions will have on U.S. companies that have significant
operations in the PRC and have securities listed on a U.S. stock exchange (including a national securities exchange or over-the-counter
stock market). In addition, the June 2021 interim final amendments and any additional actions, proceedings, or new rules resulting from
these efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access to audit information could create some uncertainty for investors, the market price of
our common stock could be adversely affected, and we could be delisted if we and our auditor are unable to meet the PCAOB inspection requirements
or being required to engage a new audit firm, which would require significant expense and management time. 

Changes in the policies of the PRC government
could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Policies of the PRC government can have significant
effects on the economic conditions in the PRC. Although the PRC government has been pursuing economic reform policies and transitioning
to a market-oriented economy, there is no assurance that the government will continue to pursue such policies or that such policies may
not be significantly altered, especially in the event of a change in leadership, social or political disruption, or other circumstances
affecting the PRC s political, economic and social conditions. Our business could be adversely affected by changes in PRC government
policies, including but not limited to changes in policies relating to taxation, currency conversion, imports and exports, and ownership
of private enterprises. 

PRC laws and regulations governing our current
business operations are sometimes vague and subject to interpretation, and any changes in PRC laws and regulations may have a material
and adverse effect on our business. 

There are substantial uncertainties regarding
the interpretation, application and enforcement of PRC laws and regulations, including but not limited to the laws and regulations governing
our business. These laws and regulations are sometimes vague and are subject to future changes, and their official interpretation and
enforcement by the various branches of the PRC government may involve substantial uncertainty. The PRC legal system is based in part on
governmental policies and internal rules some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all. New laws, regulations, rules and
policies that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. We cannot predict with certainty what
effect existing or new PRC laws or regulations may have on our business. In addition, there is less published guidance regarding PRC laws
as compared to laws in the United States, and prior rulings and interpretations of PRC laws may not necessarily carry the same precedential
value as in the United States. 

10 

Governmental control of currency conversion
may affect the value of your investment. 

The People s Republic of China (PRC) government
imposes controls on the convertibility of Renminbi (RMB) into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out
of the PRC. We receive substantially all of our revenues in RMB, which is currently not a freely convertible currency. Shortages in the
availability of foreign currency may restrict our ability to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends, or otherwise satisfy
foreign currency denominated obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including
profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from the transaction, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval
from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, approval from appropriate
governmental authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of the PRC to pay capital expenses
such as the repayment of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies. 

The PRC government also may at its discretion
restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents
us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay certain of our expenses as they
come due. 

The fluctuation of RMB may materially and
adversely affect your investment. 

The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and
other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in the PRC s political and economic conditions. As
we rely entirely on revenues earned in the PRC, any significant revaluation of RMB may materially and adversely affect our cash flows,
revenues and financial condition. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive from an offering of our securities
into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making dividend
payments on our common stock or for other business purposes and the U.S. dollar appreciates against the RMB, the U.S. dollar equivalent
of the RMB we convert would be reduced. In addition, the depreciation of significant U.S. dollar denominated assets could result in a
charge to our income statement and a reduction in the value of these assets. 

Because our principal assets are located
outside of the United States and because all of our directors and all our officers reside outside of the United States, it may be difficult
for you to use the United States Federal securities laws to enforce your rights against us and our officers or to enforce judgments of
United States courts against us or them in the PRC. 

All of our present officers and directors reside
outside of the United States. In addition, our operating subsidiaries, Tianci Liangtian and Yuxinqi, are located in the PRC and substantially
all of their assets are located outside of the United States. It may therefore be difficult for investors in the United States to enforce
their legal rights based on the civil liability provisions of the United States Federal securities laws against us in the courts of either
the United States or the PRC and, even if civil judgments are obtained in courts of the United States, to enforce such judgments in PRC
courts. Further, it is unclear if extradition treaties now in effect between the United States and the PRC would permit effective enforcement
against us or our officers and directors of criminal penalties, under the United States Federal securities laws or otherwise. 

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 

We are an emerging growth company and, as
a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our common stock may be less attractive
to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined
in the JOBS Act, and we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public
companies. The exemptions available to emerging growth companies include the right to present only two years of audited financial statements
in our registration statements and annual reports, an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act relating to internal controls, reduced disclosure about executive compensation arrangements, and no requirement to seek non-binding
advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. Some of these exemptions are also available to us as a smaller
reporting company (i.e. a company with less than 250 million of its voting equity held by non-affiliates). We have elected to adopt these
reduced disclosure requirements. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive as a result of our taking advantage
of these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of our choices, there may be a less active trading
market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

11 

Pursuant to Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, we
have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of The
JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for
public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable
to companies that comply with public company effective dates. This election is irrevocable. 

Because the worldwide market value of our common
stock held by non-affiliates, or public float, was below 250 million on the last day of our second quarter, we are also a smaller
reporting company as defined under the Exchange Act. Some of the foregoing reduced disclosure and other requirements are also available
to us because we are a smaller reporting company and may continue to be available to us even after we are no longer an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act but remain a smaller reporting company under the Exchange Act. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to: 

have an auditor report on our
internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

present more than two years
of audited financial statements in our registration statements and annual reports on Form 10-K; or 

present any selected financial
data in such registration statements and annual reports filings made by the Company. 

Because we will be subject to penny
stock rules, the level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced. 

Until we are able to secure a listing for our
common stock on a national securities exchange, it is likely that our common stock will be classified as a penny stock .
Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on some national securities
exchanges). Broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks are regulated by penny stock rules adopted
by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not
otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the
nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole
market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market, and monthly account
statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, broker-dealers who sell these
securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction.
Consequently, these requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a
security subject to the penny stock rules. If a trading market does develop for our common stock, these regulations will likely be applicable,
and investors in our common stock may find it difficult to sell their shares. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may limit
a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending
an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer.
Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts
to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which
may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our common stock. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing to
make a market in our common stock, reducing a stockholder s ability to resell shares of our common stock. 

Shareholders do not have pre-emptive rights,
which will cause them to experience dilution if we issue additional securities. 

In the future, we may issue or sell additional
shares of our authorized but previously unissued shares of common stock, preferred stock, or common stock warrants on such terms and conditions
as our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may determine without consent of our shareholders. Our shareholders do not have pre-emptive
rights to acquire additional shares should we in the future issue or sell additional securities. Thus, we are not required to offer any
existing shareholder the right to purchase his or her pro rata portion of any future issuance of securities and, therefore, upon the issuance
of any additional securities by us hereafter, our shareholders will not be able to maintain their then existing pro rata ownership in
our outstanding shares of common stock, preferred stock, or common stock warrants without additional purchases of securities at the price
then set internally by us or the market. 

12 

We are unlikely to pay cash dividends in
the foreseeable future. 

We currently intend to retain any future earnings
for use in the operation and expansion of our business. We do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future but will
review this policy as circumstances dictate. Should we decide in the future to do so, as a holding company, our ability to pay dividends
and meet other obligations depends upon the receipt of dividends or other payments from our operating subsidiaries. Our operating subsidiaries,
from time to time, may be subject to restrictions on their ability to make distributions to us, including as a result of restrictions
on the conversion of local currency into U.S. dollars or other hard currency and other regulatory restrictions. The PRC government imposes
controls on the convertibility of the RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. In addition,
each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory
reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered capital. Each of such entity in China is also required to further set aside a
portion of its after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare fund, although the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the
discretion of its board of directors. Although the statutory reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital
and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings of the respective companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash
dividends except in the event of liquidation. 

If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise
for tax purposes, any dividends we pay to our overseas shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject
to PRC withholding tax at a rate of up to 10.0 . Certain payments from our PRC subsidiaries are subject to PRC taxes. 

Pursuant to the Arrangement between Mainland China
and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on Income, or the Double Tax Avoidance
Arrangement, the 10 withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5 if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns no less than 25 of a PRC entity.
However, the 5 withholding tax rate does not automatically apply and certain requirements must be satisfied, including, without limitation,
that (a) the Hong Kong entity must be the beneficial owner of the relevant dividends; and (b) the Hong Kong entity must directly hold
no less than 25 share ownership in the PRC entity during the 12 consecutive months preceding its receipt of the dividends. In current
practice, a Hong Kong entity must obtain a tax resident certificate from the Hong Kong tax authority to apply for the 5 lower PRC withholding
tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax authority will issue such a tax resident certificate on a case-by-case basis, we cannot assure you that
we will be able to obtain the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority and enjoy the preferential withholding
tax rate of 5 under the Double Taxation Arrangement with respect to dividends to be paid by our PRC subsidiary to its immediate holding
company. As of the date of filing of this report, our PRC subsidiary currently does not have plan to declare and pay dividends and we
have not applied for the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority. The Company intends to apply for the tax
resident certificate when our PRC subsidiary plans to declare and pay dividends. When our PRC subsidiary plans to declare and pay dividends
and when we intend to apply for the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority, we plan to inform the investors
through SEC filings, such as a current report on Form 8-K, prior to such actions. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

The Company does not own any real property. We
believe the premises we now have under lease will be adequate for our operations for the foreseeable future. 

Office Leases 

On March 23, 2022, Yuxingqi leased office space
from March 23, 2022 to March 22, 2023 under an operating lease agreement (approximately 337.3 square meters). Under the terms of the lease,
Yuxingqi committed to make annual lease payments of RMB136,607 (approximately US 20,000, including VAT tax). The government of Harbin
issued policy on house rent relief for small, medium and micro enterprises and individual industrial and commercial households, and Yuxingqi
got a three months rent-free period after March 22, 2023. On July 5, 2023, Yuxingqi renewed the operating lease agreement for the period
from June 23, 2023 to June 22, 2024. Under the terms of the lease, Yuxingqi committed to make an annual lease payment of RMB136,607 (approximately
US 20,000, including VAT tax). 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are currently not involved in any litigation
that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding,
inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to
the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our Company, our common
stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which
an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

13 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our shares of common stock have been listed for
trading on the OTCQB (a/k/a OTC Venture Market) under the trading symbol OGAA since June 24, 2019. 

Holders of Securities 

As of the date of filing of this report, we had
242 shareholders of record and 93,726,994 outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.001. 

Dividends 

We have not declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock since our inception, and our board of directors currently intends to retain all earnings for use in the business for
the foreseeable future. Any future payment of dividends will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements
and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. There are currently no restrictions that limit our ability to declare cash
dividends on our common stock. The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain
cases, the remittance of currency out of China. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside at least 10 of
its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered capital. Each of
such entity in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare fund, although
the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. Although the statutory reserves can be
used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings of the respective
companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

We have no equity compensation plans. 

Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The Company did not have any unregistered sales
of equity securities during the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023. 

Repurchase of Equity Securities 

The Company did not repurchase any of its equity
securities that were registered under Section 12 of the Securities Act during the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Smaller reporting companies are not required to
provide information under this item. 

14 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
The preparation of such financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues, and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates, including those related to useful lives of real estate assets,
bad debts, impairment, contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ
from those estimates. The analysis set forth below is provided pursuant to applicable SEC regulations and is not intended to serve as
a basis for projections of future events. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements above. 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended March
31, 2023 and 2022 

The following table shows key components of the
results of operations during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022: 

For the Years Ended March 31, 
 Change 

2023 
 2022 

Revenue 
 223,037 
 310,648 
 (87,611) 
 (28 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 184,296 
 219,092 
 (34,796 
 (16 
 
 Gross Profit 
 38,741 
 91,556 
 (52,815 
 (58 

Total operating costs and expenses 
 668,686 
 1,141,718 
 (473,032 
 (41 
 
 (Loss) from operations before other income and income taxes 
 (629,945 
 (1,050,162 
 420,217 
 (40 
 
 Other income 
 2,461 
 1,989 
 472 
 24 
 
 (Loss) from operations before income taxes 
 (627,484 
 (1,048,173 
 420,689 
 (40 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net (loss) from continuing operations 
 (627,484 
 (1,048,173 
 420,689 
 (40 
 
 Income on the sale of discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
 68,359 
 - 
 68,359 
 - 
 
 Net (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
 (1 
 (139,871 
 139,870 
 (100 
 
 Total net income (loss) from discontinued operations 
 68,358 
 (139,871 
 208,229 
 (149 
 
 Net (loss) 
 (559,126 
 (1,188,044 
 628,918 
 (53 
 
 Less: net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests 
 - 
 (68,537 
 68,537 
 (100 
 
 Net (loss) attributable to common shareholders 
 (559,126 
 (1,119,507 
 560,381 
 (50 

All of our revenue during the years ended March
31, 2023 and 2022 was generated by our subsidiary Yuxinqi. Yuxinqi is a marketing enterprise with a focus on milled rice and other agricultural
products. Yuxinqi s sales are erratic, since a stable customer base has not been established yet. Sales by Yuxinqi during the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2023 were lower than during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease in revenue occurred primarily because
our principal customer, Jiufu Zhenyuan, decreased its orders. The planned expansion of our business still was hindered during the year
ended March 31, 2023 by the Covid-19 pandemic. 

The cost of sales of 184,296 and 219,092 for
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, was attributable to our purchases of milled rice and other foodstuffs. Those
operations yielded a gross profit of 38,741 and 91,556 with gross margins of 17.4 and 29.5 , respectively. The decrease in gross margin
during the year ended March 31, 2023, compared to the previous year was primarily attributable to our promotions of new products at discount
prices and below-cost sales of products near the end of their shelf life. 

15 

In April 2021, in order to boost sales, the Company
granted a total of 1,780,200 fully vested shares with a fair value on the grant date of 0.43 per share to 25 individuals for sales promotion
services. As a result, 759,000 (the market value of the shares on date of grant) in compensation expense was recognized as advertising
and promotion expenses for the year ended March 31, 2022. That represented the primary component of the Company s operating expenses
from continuing operations, which totaled 1,141,718 during the years ended March 31, 2022. The components of operating expenses for the
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 were: 

For the Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Salaries and benefits 
 163,428 
 224,274 
 
 Office expense 
 143,995 
 89,054 
 
 Rentals and leases 
 17,887 
 18,930 
 
 Professional fees 
 132,560 
 102,131 
 
 Exchange (gain) 
 181,128 
 (76,631 
 
 Advertising and promotion expenses 
 29,688 
 783,782 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 - 
 178 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 668,686 
 1,141,718 

Salaries and benefits decreased in the year ended March 31, 2023, because
sales bonuses decreased due to the decrease in sales and the number of employees decreased due to Covid-19. Office expenses increased
in the year ended March 31, 2023 primarily attributable to a consulting services fee of 58,372. Professional fees increased in the year
ended March 31, 2023 primarily attributable to an increase in the audit fee. 

The Company s operating expenses for the
2023 fiscal year included 181,128 of exchange loss. This represented the loss on foreign exchange adjustment at the end of the year for
the US Dollar debt payable by Tianci Liangtian to Organic Agricultural, which was the result of the appreciation in the USD to CNY exchange
rate from 6.3431 to 6.8680. By comparison, the Company s operating expenses were partially offset by 76,631 of gain on exchange
realized during the 2022 fiscal year. This represented the gain on foreign exchange adjustment at the end of the year for the US Dollar
debt, as a result of the decline in the USD to CNY exchange rate from 6.5565 to 6.3431 in fiscal 2022. 

The Company s continuing operations produced
a net loss of 627,484 and 1,048,173 for the fiscal years of 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The Company produced a gain from disposal of discontinued operations
of 68,358 for the 2023 fiscal year, and a net loss of 139,871 for the 2022 fiscal year from the operations of Tianci Wanguan. On August
19, 2022, the Company completed the divestment of Tianci Wanguan. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company s operations have been financed
primarily by proceeds from the sale of shares. The Company received 920,000 from the sale of 21,256,620 shares during fiscal 2022. The
Company received partial proceeds of 41,905 from the sale of 10,000,000 shares for a price of 880,000 to two investors during fiscal
2023. The two subscribers agreed to pay the remaining proceeds of 838,095 on or before October 16, 2024, and 146,667 or RMB1,050,000
was paid by Heilongjiang Chuangyi as of the date of this report. The debt is recorded as a subscription receivable in shareholders 
equity at March 31, 2023. As of March 31, 2023, our working capital was 23,226. Working capital decreased by 280,649 during the 2023
fiscal year, primarily due the net loss we incurred during the 2023 fiscal year. 

16 

The largest components of working capital at March
31, 2023 were cash of 49,862 and inventories of 149,757, which were offset by 151,435 in customer deposits against future sales. Furthermore,
due to the divestment of Tianci Wanguan, the 210,604 of liabilities and 69,075 of assets of Tianci Wanguan were reclassified as assets
and liabilities of discontinued operations at March 31, 2022, and were disposed of during the year ended March 31, 2023. 

Cash Flows 

The following table summarizes our cash flows
for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

For the Years Ended March 31, 
 Change 

2023 
 2022 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 
 (372,522 
 (645,682 
 273,160 
 
 Net cash (used in) investing activities 
 (288 
 - 
 (288 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 41,905 
 920,000 
 (878,095 
 
 Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash and cash equivalents 
 (27,696 
 63,639 
 (91,335 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (358,601 
 337,957 
 (696,558 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 408,463 
 70,506 
 337,957 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 49,862 
 408,463 
 (358,601 

During fiscal 2023, our operations used net cash
of 372,522. The Company incurred a cash use from operations primarily because it recorded a net loss of 627,484 from continuing operations.
The difference between net loss and cash used was primarily attributable to the non-cash exchange loss of 181,128 plus a 40,471 reduction
in inventories and a 32,871 reduction in prepaid expenses. During fiscal 2022, our operations used net cash of 645,682. The Company
incurred a cash use from operations primarily because it recorded a net loss of 1,188,044. The difference between net loss and cash used
was primarily attributable to the non-cash expense of 759,000 for stock we issued as compensation, which was offset by an increase in
the balance of prepaid expenses by 24,762, a 79,114 increase in inventories, and a 132,841 increase in the balance due from related
parties. 

The Company s only investing activity during
fiscal 2023 was the distribution of 288 of cash in connection with the sale of the discontinued operations, and the Company had no investing
activities during fiscal 2022. 

Our financing activities during fiscal 2023 generated
 41,905 from the sale of common stock. Our financing activities during fiscal 2022 generated 920,000 from the sale of common stock. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations is based upon its consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make significant
estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. These items are monitored and analyzed by management for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes
in these estimates could occur in the future. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known. The Company
bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual
results may differ from our estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate. 

In connection with the preparation of our financial
statements for the year ended March 31, 2023, there was no accounting estimate we made that was subject to a high degree of uncertainty
and was critical to our results. 

Trends, Events and Uncertainties 

There is substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern as a result of our lack of significant revenues and recurring losses. If we are unable to generate significant
revenue or secure additional financing, we may be required to cease or curtail our operations. 

17 

The Company intends to expand its product offerings
to include more products and our marketing personnel are endeavoring to develop new customers with the hope of building a stable base
of customers. In this manner, the Company hopes to increase sales to support the future operations and development of the Company. There
is no guarantee that the Company s new strategy will be successful. As of March 31, 2023, a stable customer base has not been established
yet. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant adverse
impact and created many uncertainties related to our business, and we expect that it will continue to do so. The Company is experiencing
challenges in sales, which have increased the Company s financial uncertainty. Our future business outlook and expectations are
very uncertain due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and are very difficult to quantify. It is difficult to assess or predict the
impact of this unprecedented event on our business, financial results or financial condition. Factors that will impact the extent to which
the COVID-19 pandemic affects our business, financial results and financial condition include: the duration, spread and severity of the
pandemic; the actions taken to contain the virus or treat its impact, including government actions to mitigate the economic impact of
the pandemic; and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume, including whether any future outbreaks
interrupt the economic recovery. 

Since December 2022, many of the restrictive measures
previously adopted by the PRC governments at various levels to control the spread of the COVID-19 virus have been revoked or replaced
with more flexible measures. The revocation or replacement of the restrictive measures to contain the COVID-19 pandemic could have a positive
impact on the Company s normal operations. However, there has recently been and may continue to be an increase in COVID-19 cases
in China, and as a result, we experienced temporary disruption to our operations where many employees were infected with COVID-19. The
extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts the Company s business, prospects and results of operations will depend on future
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the pandemic,
its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, and when and to what extent normal economic and operating activities
can resume. With the uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 outbreak, the threat to the Company s business disruption and the related
financial impact remains. 

The U.S. government, including the SEC, has made
statements and taken actions that have led to changes in relations between the U.S. and China, and will impact companies with connections
to the United States or China. Those actions by the U.S. government included imposing several rounds of tariffs affecting certain products
manufactured in China and imposing sanctions and restrictions in relation to China. Actions by the SEC included issuing statements indicating
that it would make enhanced review of companies with significant China-based operations. It is unknown whether and to what extent new
legislation, executive orders, tariffs, laws or regulations will be adopted, or the effect that any such actions would have on U.S.-domiciled
companies with significant connections to China, our industry or on us. Any unfavorable government policies on cross-border relations,
including increased scrutiny on companies with significant China-based operations, capital controls or tariffs, may affect our ability
to raise capital and the market price of our shares. If any new legislation, executive orders, tariffs, laws and/or regulations are implemented,
if existing trade agreements are renegotiated or if the U.S. or Chinese governments take retaliatory actions due to the recent U.S.-China
tensions, such changes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to raise
capital and the market price of our shares. Changes in United States and China relations and/or regulations may adversely impact our business,
our operating results, our ability to raise capital and the market price of our shares. 

Other than the factors listed above we do not
know of any trends, events or uncertainties that have had or are reasonably expected to have a material impact on our net sales or revenues
or income from continuing operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not currently have any off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

There were no recent accounting pronouncements
that we expect to have a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. Please refer to Note 2 of
our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

18 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 - F-18 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To
 the Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Organic
 Agricultural Company Limited. 
 
 Opinion
 on the Financial Statements 
 
 We
 have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Organic Agricultural Company Limited (the Company as
 of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss), changes in shareholders 
 (deficit) equity and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively
 referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
 financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
 the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
 States of America. 
 
 Emphasis
 of a matter 
 
 The
 accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
 in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company reported net losses of approximately 559,000 and 1,188,000 for the years ended
 March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At March 31, 2023, the Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately 4,360,000 and
 has had to rely on additional borrowings and financing to continue its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
 the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regards to these matters are also described
 in Note 2 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
 of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 
 
 Basis
 for Opinion 
 
 These
 financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
 Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
 Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
 federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We
 conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
 obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
 The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As
 part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose
 of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
 no such opinion. 
 
 Our
 audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
 or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
 the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
 estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
 provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/
 Wei, Wei Co., LLP 
 
 We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 
 Flushing,
New York 
November 15, 2023 

F- 2 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

AS OF MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

March 31, 
 March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Due from related parties 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventories 

Other receivables 

Current assets, discontinued operations 
 -

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Customer deposits 

Due to related parties 

Other payables 

Current liabilities, discontinued operations 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT): 

Preferred stock; par value, shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 -
 
 -

Common stock; par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022 respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Subscription receivable 
 
 -

(Deficit) 

Other comprehensive (loss) 

Total shareholders equity of the Company 

Non-controlling interest 
 -

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
(LOSS) 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

For the Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Operating (loss) 

Other income 

(Loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Net (loss) from continuing operations 

Income on the sale of discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
 
 -

(Loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes (Note 3) 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Net (loss) 

Less: net (loss) from discontinued operations attributable to non-controlling interests 
 -

Net (loss) attributable to common shareholders 

Amounts attributable to common shareholders: 

Net (loss) from continuing operations 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Net (loss) attributable to common shareholders 

(Loss) per share continuing operations basic and diluted

(Loss) per share discontinued operations basic and diluted 
 - 
 
 - 

Basic and diluted (loss) per share

Weighted average number of shares outstanding- basic and diluted 

Other comprehensive (loss): 

Net (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive (loss) 

Less: comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 

Comprehensive (loss) attributable to the common shareholders 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
(DEFICIT) EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

(AMOUNTS IN USD, EXCEPT SHARES) 

Common stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Subscription 
 
 Other Comprehensive 
Income 
 Total Shareholders 
Equity 
 Non- 
controlling 
 Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Quantity 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 (Deficit) 
 (Loss) 
 (Deficit) 
 Interest 
 and NCI 
 
 Balance at March 31, 2021 

-

-

Net (loss) 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Sale of common shares 

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

Shares issued as compensation 

-
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 -

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at March 31, 2022 

-

Net (loss) 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

-

Shares issued as compensation 

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

Sale of common shares 

-
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Divestment of Tianci Wanguan 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance at March 31, 2022 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS) 

For the Year Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) from continuing operations 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Depreciation and amortization 
 -

Shares issued as compensation 

Amortization of ROU 
 -

Exchange loss 

Divestments of Tianci Wanguan 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, discontinued operations 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, continuing operations: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventories 

Other receivables 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Customer deposits 

Due from/to related parties 

Lease liability 
 -

Other payables 
 
 -

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash disbursed on divestment of Tianci Wanguan 
 
 -

Net cash (used in) investing activities 
 
 -

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of year-continuing operations 

Cash, beginning of year-discontinued operations 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year-continuing operations 

Cash, end of year-discontinued operations 
 -

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Cash paid for interest 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities: 

(Loss) on sale of discontinued operations 
 
 -

Shares issued for compensation 

Issuance of common stock as cash was not received 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN US DOLLARS) 

owned by Organic Agricultural HK and owned by Chen Zewu on behalf of Unbounded. On
July 19, 2021 the parties executed a Supplementary Agreement to the Cooperation Agreement. 

The Supplementary Agreement set forth performance
criteria for Unbounded s management of Tianci Wanguan: specifically that within 12 months after the shares mentioned below are issued
to Unbounded, Tianci Wanguan must generate a profit of million Renminbi (approximately US from the business described in
the Cooperation Agreement or any other business approved by Organic Agricultural. On November 23, 2021, Organic Agricultural issued 
million shares of its common stock to Chen Zewu, who held them as agent for Unbounded. If Unbounded failed to satisfy the criteria described
above, the million shares must be returned to Organic Agricultural. If Unbounded did satisfy the criteria, then it would have unrestricted
ownership of the million shares, and Organic Agricultural would issue an additional million shares to Unbounded. According to FASB
ASC 505-50-S99-1 and 2, as the shares issued on November 23, 2021 were unvested and forfeitable, these shares were treated
as unissued until they vest when the target described above was met. 

The share-based compensation was measured at grant
date, based on the fair value of the award and would be recognized over its vesting period if it was determined that the target would
more likely than not be met. After the criteria described above was satisfied, the Company would grant to Unbounded a total of 
shares, including the shares issued on November 23, 2021, with a fair value on the grant date, which is July 19, 2021, of 
per share. If the performance condition described above was satisfied, in compensation expense would have been recognized under
the provisions of ASC 718. 

As of June 30, 2022, the Company had suspended
the operations of Tianci Wanguan and on August 19, 2022, completed the divestment of its subsidiary. On August 19, 2022, the Company and
Unbounded entered into an Agreement on Termination of Joint Operation. The parties agreed that Organic Agricultural would surrender to
Unbounded its interest in Tianci Wanguan, and Unbounded would return the million shares to Organic Agricultural. The 
shares previously issued on November 23, 2021 were returned and cancelled with no compensation expense recognized. 

In accordance with U.S. GAAP, the financial position
and results of operations of Tianci Wanguan are presented as discontinued operations and, as such, have been excluded from continuing
operations for all periods presented. The restated historical financial statements reflecting the divestment are unaudited. The cash flows
and comprehensive income related to Tianci Wanguan have not been segregated and are included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows and Comprehensive Income, respectively, for all periods presented. With the exception of Note 3, the Notes to the Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements reflect the continuing operations of the Company. See Note 3 - Discontinued Operations below
for additional information regarding discontinued operations. 

Certain amounts in the prior year s condensed
consolidated financial statements and related footnotes thereto have been reclassified to conform with the current year presentation as
a result of the divestment of Tianci Wanguan. 

F- 7 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN US DOLLARS) 

in April 2021 from the sale of shares. The Company sold an
additional million shares of its common stock in November 2022 for a price of USD, with cash received as payment as
of March 31, 2023. The two subscribers agreed to pay the remaining balance due of on or before October 16, 2024, and 
or RMB was paid by Heilongjiang Chuangyi as of the date of this report. In addition, the Company received an interest free loan
from a related party of RMB or in August 2023 (See Note 12). The Company will use these funds for working capital. 

Organic Agricultural Company Limited (Hong Kong) 

Heilongjiang Tianci Liangtian Agricultural Technology Development Company Limited 

Heilongjiang Yuxinqi Agricultural Technology Development Company Limited 

F- 8 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN US DOLLARS) 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 (Continued) 

F- 9 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN US DOLLARS) 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 (Continued) 

/ 
 
 / 
 
 Revenue and expenses 
 
 period average 
 
 / 
 
 / 

F- 10 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN US DOLLARS) 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 (Continued) 

standard enterprise income tax rate in the PRC. 

. 

. 

F- 11 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN US DOLLARS) 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 (Continued) 

shares with a fair value on the grant date of per share to 11 individuals for a sales
bonus on promotion services, and on November 29, 2022, the Company granted a total of shares with a fair value on the grant date
of per share for promotion services. A total of in compensation expense was recognized under the provisions of ASC 718.
During the 2022 fiscal year, specifically on April 12, 2021, the Company granted a total of shares with a fair value on the
grant date of per share to individuals for sales promotion services during the period from April 12, 2021 through December 31,
2021. in compensation expense was recognized under the provisions of ASC 718. These shares were fully vested when issued. 

segment in accordance
with the accounting guidance in FASB ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting . The Company s revenues are from the sales of agricultural
products to customers in the People s Republic of China PRC ). All assets of the Company are located in the PRC. 

(approximately USD ). As of March 31, 2023, the Company had
no bank balance in excess of the insurance amounts. 

, and of revenue, respectively. During the fiscal year of 2022,
Jiufu Zhenyuan generated of revenue. 

shares of common stock to the holders of each outstanding share of common
stock. 

. The par value per share remained . The financial statements in this Report and all share and per share
amounts have been retroactively adjusted to give effect to this stock split. 

F- 12 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN US DOLLARS) 

Operating (loss) 

Other income 
 -
 
 -

(Loss) before income taxes 

Income tax (expense) benefit 
 -
 
 -

(Loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 

Less: Net (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 
 -

Net (loss) from discontinued operations attributable to controlling interest 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets, discontinued operations 

LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Customer deposits 

Other payables 

Total current liabilities, discontinued operations 

F- 13 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN US DOLLARS) 

Prepayments for short-term lease 
 -

Prepayments of processing charges and products to be purchased: 

Baoqing County Fengnian Agricultural Product Purchase and Sale Ltd. 

Heilongjiang Yaohe County Heifengyuan Apiculture Ltd. 
 -

Others 

Total 

Less: Provision for bad debts 
 
 -

Prepaid expenses, net 

and nil of inventory revaluation reserve, respectively. The Company values inventory on its
balance sheet at the lower of cost or net realizable value. 

Packing and other materials 

Inventories, net 

F- 14 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN US DOLLARS) 

Beiqinhai 

Others 

Total 

Foreign 

(Loss) before income taxes 

U.S. valuation allowance 

Rates for Tianci Liangtian and Yuxinqi, net 

PRC valuation allowance 

The Company s effective tax rate 

The Company did not recognize deferred tax assets
since it is not likely to incur taxes against which such deferred tax assets may be offset. The deferred tax assets would apply to the
Company in the U.S. and to Yuxinqi, Tianci Liangtian in China. 

As of March 31, 2023, Yuxinqi and Tianci Liangtian
have total net operating loss carry forwards of approximately in the PRC that expire in 2028. Due to the uncertainty of utilizing
these carry forwards, the Company provided a valuation allowance on the net deferred tax assets of approximately and 
related to its operations in the PRC as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The PRC valuation allowance has increased by approximately
 and for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, after adjusting for the divestment of Tianci Wanguan. 

The Company has incurred losses from its United
States operations during all periods presented of approximately . The Company s United States operations consist solely
of ownership of its foreign subsidiaries, and the losses risen from administrative expenses and shares issued as compensation. Accordingly,
management provided a valuation allowance of approximately and against the net deferred tax assets related to the
Company s United States operations as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, because the deferred tax benefits of the net operating
loss carry forwards in the United States will not likely be realized. The US valuation allowance has increased by approximately 
and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The Company is subject to examination by the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) in the United States as well as by the taxing authorities in China, where the Company has its operations. The tax
years subject to examination vary by jurisdiction. 

China 

F- 15 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN US DOLLARS) 

Shen Zhenai 

Xun Jianjun 
 -

Heilongjiang Chuagnyi 
 
 -

Shen Zhenai is the President, Chairman of the
Board, director and a shareholder of the Company, and Xun Jianjun is the CEO and a shareholder of the Company. These advances represent
temporary borrowings for operating costs between the Company and management. They are non-interest bearing and due on demand. 

Jilin Jiufu Zhenyuan Technology Development Co,
Ltd Jiufu Zhenyuan owns of the Company and its President is a member of the Company s Board of Directors.
The advances represent advances for purchases from the Company in the future. During the year ended March 31, 2023, Jiufu Zhenyuan purchased
agricultural products from the Company totaling . 

Heilongjiang
Chuangyi Agriculture Co., Ltd Heilongjiang Chuangyi owns of the Company. The advances represent advances for purchases
from the Company in the future. During the year ended March 31, 2023 , Heilongjiang Chuangyi
purchased agricultural products from the Company totaling . 

Jiufu Zhenyuan 
 
 -

Hao Shuping is the largest shareholder of the
Company. This amount was a temporary loan from the Company and was non-interest bearing. On June 30, 2022, an agreement for the assignment
of debt was signed between Hao Shuping, Shen Zhenai, Tianci Liangtian and Yuxingqi, whereby the total receivable due from Hao Shuping
was transferred to Shen Zhenai, partially offsetting the amount due to Shen Zhenai. 

During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022,
Hao Shuping, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, purchased agricultural products from the Company totaling and ,
respectively. 

The receivable from Jiufu Zhenyuan represents
sales receivables. 

F- 16 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN US DOLLARS) 

NOTE 9. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES Continued 

square meters). Under the terms of the lease, Tianci Liangtian paid approximately in lease deposits and
committed to make annual lease payments. On December 20, 2019, the lease was renewed. Under the renewed terms, annual lease payments are
RMB (approximately US , including VAT tax) for the period from December 20, 2019 to December 19, 2020. On December 20, 2020,
the contract expired. Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the renewal was delayed. On May 14, 2021, Yuxinqi and the lessor signed a supplemental
agreement which, due to a leak in the building, credited Yuxinqi with RMB (approximately US of rental expense paid for the
previous rental period. On May 14, 2021, Yuxinqi signed a new lease agreement (approximately square meters). Under the terms, Yuxinqi
reduced the rental area due to a leak in the building, and committed to make annual lease payments of RMB (approximately US ,
including VAT tax) for the period from December 20, 2020 to January 19, 2022. For the period from January 20, 2022 to March 19, 2022,
Yuxingqi renewed the lease agreement and committed to make a lease payment of RMB (approximately US , including VAT tax).
The lease obligation was fully paid. This lease was not renewed. 

On March 23, 2022, Yuxingqi leased office space
from March 23, 2022 to March 22, 2023 under an operating lease agreement (approximately square meters). Under the terms of the lease,
Yuxingqi committed to make annual lease payments of RMB (approximately US , including VAT tax). The annual payment was fully
paid on March 23, 2022. Since it is a short-term lease, the payment was recorded as prepaid expenses. On November 22, 2022, Yuxinqi and
the lessor signed a supplemental agreement which, due to the COVID-19, gave Yuxinqi a rent-free extension period from March 23, 2023 to
June 22, 2023. On July 5, 2023, Yuxingqi renewed the operating lease agreement for the period from June 23, 2023 to June 22, 2024. Under
the terms of the lease, Yuxingqi committed to make an annual lease payment of RMB (approximately US , including VAT tax). 

The Company s adoption of the new lease
standard included new processes and controls regarding asset financing transactions, financial reporting and a system-related implementation
required for the new lease standard. The impact of the adoption of the new lease standard included the recognition of right-of-use ROU asset and lease liabilities. As of December 31, 2021, the lease liability was fully paid off and the right-of-use asset was fully amortized. 

For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the
rent expense was and , respectively. 

F- 17 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN US DOLLARS) 

-

Heilongjiang Chuangyi Agriculture Co., Ltd. 
 
 -

-

On November 28, 2022 the Registrant entered into
an agreement to sell shares of its common stock to Heilongjiang Chuangyi Agriculture Co., Ltd. for a price of RMB
(US ). The Company received partial proceeds of from Heilongjiang Chuangyi Agriculture Co., Ltd during fiscal 2023 with
the remaining balance due on or before October 16, 2024. 

On November 29, 2022, the Registrant entered into
an agreement to sell shares of its common stock to Sun Ying for a price of RMB (US ). The Company received partial
proceeds of from Sun Ying during fiscal 2023 with the remaining balance due on or before October 16, 2024. 

or RMB 
of subscription receivable was paid by Heilongjiang Chuangyi. On August 6, 2023, the Company received an interest-free loan of RMB 
or from Tianzhi Equity Investment Fund Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd, a related party through certain common shareholders. 

The Management of the Company determined that
there were no additional reportable subsequent events to be adjusted for and/or disclosed as of November 15, 2023. 

F- 18 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management maintains disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the material information required to be disclosed by us in our periodic reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management team, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, as of March 31, 2023. Based on this evaluation, we concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures have the
following material weaknesses: 

The relatively small number of employees who are responsible for accounting functions prevents us from segregating duties within our internal control system. 

Our internal financial staff lack expertise in identifying and addressing complex accounting issues under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

Our Chief Financial Officer is not familiar with the accounting and reporting requirements of a U.S. public company. 

We have not developed sufficient documentation concerning our existing financial processes, risk assessment and internal controls. 

Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s system of disclosure controls and procedures was not effective
as of March 31, 2023 for the purposes described in this paragraph. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act. The Company s management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ).
Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Company s
financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial
reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect
the Company s transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of the
Company s financial statements and that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization;
and (iii) provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material
effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

19 

As of March 31, 2023, our management, under the
supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as required by Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(c) under the Exchange Act. In making this assessment,
Management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework (1992), including the following five framework components: i) control environment, ii) risk assessment, iii)
control activities, iv) information and communications, and v) monitoring. In the course of making our assessment of the effectiveness
of internal controls over financial reporting, we identified four material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting.
These material weaknesses consisted of the four material weaknesses identified above under the heading Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures. 

Management does not believe that the current level
of the Company s operations warrants a remediation of the weaknesses identified in this assessment. However, because of the above
condition, management s assessment is that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as
of March 31, 2023. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm as we
are a smaller reporting company. 

Our management will continue to monitor and evaluate
the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, as well as its internal control over financial reporting, on an ongoing basis,
and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. However, our management
cannot guarantee that the measures taken or any future measures will remediate the material weaknesses identified or that any additional
material weaknesses or significant deficiencies will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal
control over financial reporting. Notwithstanding the material weaknesses described above, our management believes that there are no material
inaccuracies or omissions of material fact and, to the best of its knowledge, believes that the consolidated financial statements included
in this annual report present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the
periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

No changes in the Company s internal control
over financial reporting has come to management s attention during the quarter ended March 31, 2023 that have materially affected,
or are likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

20 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning our directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 
 
 Director Since 

Shen Zhenai 

61 

President, Chairman of the Board 

2018 

Xun Jianjun 

53 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

2018 

Wang Qiu 

35 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

2022 

Hao Shuping 

65 

Director 

2018 

Yongchun Zhang 

57 

Director 

2021 

Shen Zhenai, President, Chairman of the Board
and Director 

Ms. Shen is our founder and has served as our
president and director since we were organized. In 2017 Ms. Shen was employed as president of the Hong Kong International Intellectual
Property Trading Center Korea Branch. She served as the General Manager at International Department of Seoul Shandong Sirius Group Co.,
Ltd in 2015. From 2012 to 2014 Ms. Shen served as the director of the marketing department of Beijing Hui Lian commercial network. She
served as the General Manager of the Jiling Province Yanbian Nanshan Mountain Village between 2004 and 2006. She served as the Customer
Service Manager of Japanese Bear Valley Hotel between 2001 to 2003. Ms. Shen provides hands-on leadership, strategic direction and operations
management with a focus on business development, exceptional quality service and fiscal accountability. Ms. Shen studied Hotel Management
in Seoul, South Korea from 1995 to 1997, and learned Traditional Chinese Medicine in Lin Province Changchun College of Traditional Chinese
Medicine from 1987 to 1990. She can speak Mandarin and Korean. 

Xun Jianjun, Chief Executive Officer and Director

Mr. Xun has served as our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Director since we were organized. From 2015 to 2016 Mr. Xun served as Business Department General Manager of Dongsheng
Weiye Group Co., Ltd Changbai Mountain Ginseng. He was the principal founder and President of Zhejiang Kangzhiyuan Water Purification
Equipment Co., Ltd from 2002 to 2012. He was employed by Guangdong Province Foshan City Ronshen Electric Co., Ltd as Sales Department
Director between 1994 and 2000. Mr. Xun has more than 20 years in management experirence, where he has been responsible for business operations,
budget development, analysis and oversight; marketing including volume growth/program development; expense control; policy and procedure
development and implementation; and process development to facilitate regulatory compliance. Mr. Xun was trained at Beijing University
in 2014. He graduated from Shandong University with a major in Law in 1993. 

Wang Qiu, Chief Financial Officer and Director

Ms. Wang has been employed by Organic Agricultural
Company Limited since 2017, serving as Accountant until her appointment as our Chief Financial Officer. From 2015 to 2016, Ms. Wang was
employed as Accounting Supervisor of Dongguan Xiashi Hardware and Plastic Products Factory Co., Ltd., where she moved from accounting
management to strategic planning and company control, obtaining advanced knowledge of corporate operations. Ms. Wang has been awarded
the Intermediate Accountant Certificate. 

Hao Shuping, Director 

Mr. Hao has served as our director since 2018.
Mr. Hao has been the President of the Tianzhi Equity Investment Fund (Shanghai) Management Co., Ltd. since 2015. He served as the President
of the Hong Kong Huixin International Financial Services Co., Ltd. from 2012 to 2014. From 2009 to 2011 Mr. Hao served as the Chief Executive
Officer of Beijing Pingchuan Power Engineering Co., Ltd. He served as the chief supervisor of Beijing Re-creation Human Resources Management
Co., Ltd. between 1999 to 2008. From 1996 to 1999 Mr. Hao served as the general manager of Sino-Korea Joint Oriental Food Co., Ltd. Mr.
Hao has served as Director of the President s Office of Orient Group from 1991 to 1995. Mr. Hao graduated from Hong Kong Life Power
Instructor College in 2005, having studied economic management at the Harbin Normal University between 1994 and 1996. He obtained a Bachelor
degree in Chinese Language and Literature from Harbin Normal University in 1985. 

21 

Yongchun Zhang, Director 

In 2018 Mr. Zhang founded Jilin Juhaoqing Technology
Development Group Co., Ltd. and Jilin Jiufu Zhenyuan Technology Development Co, Ltd, and has managed those two companies since their formation.
Since 2007, Mr. Zhang has managed two other companies that he organized: Beijing Juhaoqing International Investment Management Co., Ltd.
and Beijing Natural Food Co., Ltd. From 1993 to 2007 Mr. Zhang was involved in a variety of businesses located in Qingdao, China. From
1987 to 1993, he was the principal of a primary school in Ren Wangkui County, China. 

There are no family relationships among any of
our directors or executive officers. 

Legal Proceedings Involving Officers and
Directors 

To our knowledge, during the last ten years, none
of our directors and executive officers (including those of our subsidiaries) has: 

Had a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses. 

Been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

Been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Board Committees 

Audit Committee 

We have not yet appointed an audit committee.
At the present time, we believe that the members of the Board of Directors are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial
statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. We do, however, recognize the importance of good
corporate governance and intend to appoint an audit committee comprised entirely of independent directors, including at least one financial
expert, when our resources permit and the level of our operations justifies the improvement. 

Compensation Committee 

We do not presently have a compensation committee.
Our Board of Directors currently acts as our compensation committee. 

Nominating Committee 

We do not presently have a nominating committee.
Our Board of Directors currently acts as our nominating committee. 

Code of Ethics 

Due to the small number of members of our management,
we do not presently have a code of ethics applicable to management. 

22 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth information with
respect to compensation paid by us to our executive officers for services during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. There
was no executive officer to whom we paid or accrued amounts in excess of 100,000 as compensation for services during the year ended March
31, 2023. 

Non-Equity 
 Non-qualified 

Incentive 
 Deferred 
 All 

Stock 
 Option 
 Plan 
 Comp. 
 Other 

Name and Principal 
 Fiscal 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Comp. 
 Earnings 
 Comp. 
 Total 
 
 Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Xun Jianjun 
 2023 
 18,524 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 18,524 
 
 CEO 
 2022 
 19,070 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 19,070 
 
 Wang Qiu 
 2023 
 9,980 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 9,980 
 
 CFO 
 2022 
 11,592 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 11,592 
 
 Shen Zhenai 
 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 President 
 2022 
 14,022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 14,022 

Amounts of compensation for 2023 and 2022,
reported in the table above, represent accrued compensation. The manner and timing of payments of the accrued compensation will depend
on the future financial conditions of the Company. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

There were no unexercised options, stock that
has not vested, or equity incentive plan awards for any officer or employee as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Employment Contracts, Termination of Employment,
Change-in-Control Arrangements 

We have not entered into any employment or other
contracts or arrangements with our executive officers. There are no compensation plans or arrangements, including payments to be made
by us, with respect to our officers, directors or consultants that would result from the resignation, retirement or any other termination
of such directors, officers or consultants from us. There are no arrangements for directors, officers, employees or consultants that would
result from a change-in-control. 

Compensation of Directors 

We have no formal plan for compensating our directors
for their services in their capacity as directors. Directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may award special remuneration
to any director undertaking any special services on behalf of the Company other than services ordinarily required of a director. To date,
we have paid no compensation to any person for services as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. 

23 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of the date hereof for (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner
of 5 or more of our outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each named executive officer and director, and (iii) all executive officers
and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially own any shares: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises
sole or shared voting or investment power, or (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within
60 days through an exercise of stock options or warrants or otherwise. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power relating
to the shares shown in the table for our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the
owner and the owner s spouse or children. 

For purposes of this table, a person or group
of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock that such person has the right to acquire
within 60 days as of the date hereof. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock held by each
person or group of persons named above, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days are deemed to be
outstanding, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion
herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 

The percentage ownership information shown in
the table below is calculated based on 93,726,994 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of November 15, 2023. We do not
have any outstanding options, warrants or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. 

Amount and Nature 

of Beneficial 

Title of Class 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Ownership 
 Percentage 
 
 Common Stock 
 Shen Zhenai 
 516,000 
 0.55 

President, Chairman of the board. 
 Direct 

Common Stock 
 Xun Jianjun 
 4,644,000 
 4.95 

CEO, Director 
 Direct 

Common Stock 
 Hao Shuping 
 25,180,800 
 26.87 

Director 
 Direct 

Common Stock 
 Wang Qiu 
 51,600 
 0.06 

CFO, Director 
 Direct 

Common Stock 
 Yongchun Zhang (1) 
 21,256,620 
 22.68 

Director 
 Direct 

All Officers and Directors as a Group (4 persons) 
 51,649,020 
 55.11 

(1) Represents shares owned by Jilin
Jiufu Zhenyuan Technology Development Co., Ltd., of which Mr. Zhang is the President. 

24 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Related Party Transactions 

Amounts due to related parties consisted of the
following as of the periods indicated: 

March 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Jiufu Zhenyuan 
 - 
 1,159 
 
 Shen Zhenai 
 511 
 19,192 
 
 Xun Jianjun 
 - 
 797 
 
 Heilongjiang Chuagnyi 
 215 
 - 

726 
 21,148 

Shen Zhenai is the President, Chairman of the
Board, director and a shareholder of the Company, and Xun Jianjun is the CEO and a shareholder of the Company. These advances represent
temporary borrowings for operating costs between the Company and management. They are non-interest bearing and due on demand. 

Jilin Jiufu Zhenyuan Technology Development Co,
Ltd Jiufu Zhenyuan owns 22.68 of the Company and its President is a member of the Company s Board of Director.
The advances represent advances for purchases from the Company in the future. During the year ended March 31, 2023, Jiufu Zhenyuan purchased
agricultural products from the Company totaling 115,532. 

Heilongjiang
Chuangyi Agriculture Co., Ltd Heilongjiang Chuangyi owns 9.60 of the Company. The advances represent advances for purchases
from the Company in the future. During the year ended March 31, 2023 , Heilongjiang Chuangyi
purchased agricultural products from the Company totaling 29,183. 

Amounts due from related parties consisted of
the following as of the periods indicated: 

March 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Hao Shuping 
 - 
 17,373 
 
 Jiufu Zhenyuan 
 324 
 - 

324 
 17,373 

Hao Shuping is the largest shareholder of the
Company. This amount was a temporary loan from the Company and was non-interest bearing. On June 30, 2022, an agreement for the assignment
of debt was signed between Hao Shuping, Shen Zhenai, Tianci Liangtian and Yuxingqi, whereby the total receivable due from Hao Shuping
was transferred to Shen Zhenai, partially offsetting the amount due to Shen Zhenai. 

During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022,
Hao Shuping, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, purchased agricultural products from the Company totaling 49 and 1,807,
respectively. 

Except as set forth above, there have been no
transactions since the beginning of the 2023 fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which Organic Agricultural Company
Limited or any of its subsidiaries was or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or
one percent of the average of the total assets of the Company at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related
person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Director Independence 

None of the members of the Company s Board
of Directors is independent, as independence is defined in the Rules of the NYSE American. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Wei, Wei Co., LLP was engaged to serve as
the Company s independent registered public accounting firm on November 2, 2018. 

The following table shows the fees that were billed
for the audit and other services provided by Wei, Wei Co., LLP for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Year Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit fees 
 94,000 
 81,000 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 5,000 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 

Our Board of Directors pre-approves all audit
and non-audit services performed by the Company s auditor and the fees to be paid in connection with such services. 

25 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 3.1(a) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Registrant (1) 
 
 3.1(b) 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation dated October 21, 2021 filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Registrant (1) 
 
 4(iv) 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 10.1 
 
 Office leasing agreement- Tianci Liangtian Office (1) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Company Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

(1) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s
Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-226810), filed on August 13, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jianjun Xun 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 November 15, 2023 
 
 Jianjun Xun 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Wang Qiu 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 November 15, 2023 
 
 Wang Qiu 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this Report
has been signed below on November 15, 2023 by the following persons, on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Jianjun Xun 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Jianjun Xun 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer); Director 

/s/ Wang Qiu 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Wang Qiu 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer); Director 

/s/ Shen Zhenai 
 
 Director 
 
 Shen Zhenai 

/s/ Hao Shuping 
 
 Director 
 
 Hao Shuping 

/s/ Yongchun Zhang 
 
 Director 
 
 Yongchun Zhang 

27 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 f10k2023ex4-4_organicagri.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK

Exhibit 4(iv) 

DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 

Our only class of security registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act is our common stock, 0.001 par value per share. 274,000,000 shares of common stock are
authorized. 

Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive
dividends when and as declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available. Holders of our common stock are entitled to one
vote for each share on all matters voted on by stockholders, including the election of directors. There is no cumulative voting in the
election of directors. Holders of our common stock do not have any conversion, redemption or preemptive rights. In the event of our dissolution,
liquidation or winding up, holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in any assets remaining after the satisfaction in
full of the prior rights of creditors and the aggregate liquidation preference of any preferred stock then outstanding. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2023ex21-1_organicagri.htm
 LIST OF COMPANY SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Company Subsidiaries 

 The Organic Agricultural Company Limited and
Subsidiaries 

Name 

Place of 
 Incorporation 
 
 Organic Agricultural (Samoa) Co., Ltd. 
 
 Samoa 
 
 Organic Agricultural Company Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Heilongjiang Tianci Liangtian Agricultural Technology Development Company Limited 
 
 China 
 
 Heilongjiang Yuxinqi Agricultural Technology Development Company Limited 
 
 China 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2023ex31-1_organicagri.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Principal
Executive Officer 

 Section 302 Certification 

I, Jianjun Xun, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL
COMPANY LIMITED; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and
15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 November 15, 2023 
 
 /s/ Jianjun Xun 

Jianjun Xun, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2023ex31-2_organicagri.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Principal
Financial Officer 

 Section 302 Certification 

I, Wang Qiu, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL
COMPANY LIMITED.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and
15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 November 15, 2023 
 
 /s/ Wang Qiu 

Wang Qiu, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2023ex32-1_organicagri.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of ORGANIC
AGRICULTURAL COMPANY LIMITED. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Xun Jianjun, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in
the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Jianjun Xun 
 
 Dated: 
 November 15, 2023 

Jianjun Xun 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2023ex32-2_organicagri.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of ORGANIC AGRICULTURAL COMPANY
LIMITED. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Wang Qiu, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350,
as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Wang Qiu 
 
 Dated: 
 November 15, 2023 

Wang Qiu 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 oacl-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 oacl-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 oacl-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 oacl-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 oacl-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

