<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231208_10-K_edgar_data_1133062_0001140361-23-057011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10951271</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>276207</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1697447</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3136730</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2926629</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2487012</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-057011.hdr.sgml : 20231208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231208171607
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-057011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JANEL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001133062
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				861005291
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-60608
		FILM NUMBER:		231476325

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		80 EIGHTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		718-527-3800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		80 EIGHTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JANEL WORLD TRADE LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020730

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WINE SYSTEMS DESIGN INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-057011.txt : 20231208

10-K
 1
 ef20012456_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ________ to _________.

Commission file number: 

ORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code

) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

None

None

None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Title of Class 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
 S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
 growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to
 Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
 any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value Common Stock ), held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing sales
 price of the Common Stock on the Pink tier of the OTC market on March 31, 2023, was .

The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of December 8, 2023 was .

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

None.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page

PART I 

1 

ITEM 1

BUSINESS 

1 

ITEM 1A

RISK FACTORS 

6

ITEM 1B

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

19 

ITEM 1C

CYBERSECURITY 

19 

ITEM 2

PROPERTIES 

20

ITEM 3

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

20

ITEM 4

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

20

PART II 

21

ITEM 5

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

21

ITEM 6

RESERVED 

21

ITEM 7

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

22

ITEM 7A

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 

34

ITEM 8

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

34

ITEM 9

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

34

ITEM 9A

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

34

ITEM 9B

OTHER INFORMATION 

35

ITEM 9C

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

35

PART III 

35

ITEM 10

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

35

ITEM 11

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

40

ITEM 12

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

42

ITEM 13

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

44

ITEM 14

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

44

PART IV 

44

ITEM 15

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

44

ITEM 16

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

47

SIGNATURES 

48

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
 of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward looking statements may generally be identified using the words may, will, intends, plans, projects, believes, should, expects, predicts, 
 anticipates, estimates, and similar expressions or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are necessarily estimates reflecting management s best judgment based upon current information and involve
 several risks, uncertainties and assumptions. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made, and readers are advised that various factors, including, but not limited
 to, those set forth elsewhere in this Report, could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from those anticipated or projected. While it is impossible to identify all such
 factors, such factors include, but are not limited to, our strategy of expanding our business through acquisitions of other businesses we may be required to record a significant change to earnings related to the impairment of acquired assets;
 we may fail to realize the expected benefits or strategic objectives of any acquisition, or that we spend resources exploring acquisitions that are not consummated risks associated with litigation, including contingent auto liability and
 insurance coverage, and indemnification claims and other unforeseen claims and liabilities that may arise from an acquisition changes in tax rates, laws or regulations and our ability to utilize anticipated tax benefits; the impact of rising
 interest rates on our investments, business and operations; conflicts of interest with the minority shareholders of our business; we may not have sufficient working capital to continue operations we may lose customers who are not obligated to
 long-term contracts to transact with us; changes or developments in U.S. laws or policies; competition from companies with greater financial resources and from companies that operate in areas in which we plan to expand our dependence on
 technically skilled employees impacts from climate change, including the increased focus by third-parties on sustainability issues and our ability to comply therewith; the impact of evolving corporate governance and public disclosure
 regulation; competition from parties who sell their businesses to us and from professionals who cease working for us terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war security breaches or cybersecurity attacks; the impact of catastrophic
 events, such as health crises, natural disasters and armed conflict; the level of our insurance coverage, including related to product and other liability risks; our compliance with applicable privacy, security and data laws risks related to
 the diverse platforms and geographics which host our management information and financial reporting systems; our dependence on the availability of cargo space from third parties the impact of claims arising from transportation of freight by
 the carriers with which we contract, including an increase in premium costs; the impact of higher carrier prices; risks related to the classification of owner-operators in the transportation industry; recessions, economic developments
 and other events affecting the volume of international trade and international operations risks arising from our ability to comply with governmental permit and licensing requirements or statutory and regulatory
 requirements environmental laws governing our contracted transportation providers; the impact of seasonal trends and other factors beyond our control on our Logistics business changes in governmental regulations applicable to our Life
 Sciences business the ability of our Life Sciences business to continually produce products that meet high-quality standards such as purity, reproducibility and/or absence of cross-reactivity the ability of our Life Sciences business to
 maintain, determine the scope of and defend its and its competitors intellectual property rights; the impact of pressures in the life sciences industry to increase the predictability of or reduce healthcare costs; any decrease in the
 availability, or increase in the cost or supply shortages, of raw materials used by Indco risks arising from the environmental, health and safety regulations applicable to Indco; the reliance of our Indco business on a single location to
 manufacture their products the controlling influence exerted by a small number of our stockholders the unlikelihood that we will issue dividends in the foreseeable future and risks related to ownership of our common stock, including share
 price volatility, the lack of a guaranteed continued public trading market for our common stock, our ability to issue shares of preferred stock with greater rights than our common stock and costs related to maintaining our status as a public
 company; and such other factors that may be identified from time to time in our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings including those set forth under the caption Risk Factors in Part 1 Item 1A of this report. Should one or more
 of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those projected. You should not place undue reliance on any of our forward-looking statements which speak
 only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS

Our Business

Janel Corporation Janel, the Company or the Registrant is a holding company with subsidiaries in three business segments: Logistics, Life Sciences and Manufacturing. The Company strives
 to create shareholder value primarily through three strategic priorities: supporting its businesses efforts to make investments and to build long-term profits allocating Janel capital at high risk-adjusted rates of return and attracting and
 retaining exceptional talent.

1 

Table of Contents 

Management at the Janel holding company focuses on significant capital allocation decisions, corporate governance and supporting Janel s subsidiaries where appropriate. Janel expects to grow
 through its subsidiaries organic growth and by completing acquisitions. We plan to either acquire businesses within our existing segments or expand our portfolio into new strategic segments. Our acquisition strategy focuses on reasonably priced
 companies with strong and capable management teams, attractive existing business economics and stable and predictable earnings power.

Janel was incorporated on August 31, 2000 and is domiciled in the state of Nevada. Its corporate headquarters are located in New York, New York.

As of September 30, 2023, Janel and its consolidated subsidiaries employed 316 full-time employees in the United States. None of these employees is covered by a collective bargaining agreement.
 Janel and its subsidiaries have experienced no work stoppages and consider relations with their employees to be good. Successful execution of our strategy is dependent on attracting, developing and retaining key employees and members of our
 management team. The skills, experience and industry knowledge of our employees significantly benefit our operations and performance. We continuously evaluate, modify and enhance our internal processes and technologies to increase employee
 engagement, productivity, efficiency opportunities, skills and resources needed for success.

Our Business Segments

We have three reportable segments: Logistics, Life Sciences and Manufacturing. The following provides greater detail regarding each of these segments.

Logistics

The Company s Logistics segment is comprised of several wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Logistics segment is a non-asset based, full-service provider of cargo transportation logistics management
 services, including freight forwarding via air-, ocean- and land-based carriers; customs brokerage services; warehousing and distribution services; trucking and other value-added logistics services. In addition to these revenue streams, the
 Company earns accessorial revenue in connection with its core services. Accessorial revenue includes, but is not limited to, fuel service charges, wait time fees, hazardous cargo fees, labor charges, handling, cartage, bonding and additional
 labor charges.

Life Sciences

The Company s Life Sciences segment is comprised of several wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Company s Life Sciences segment manufactures and distributes high-quality monoclonal and polyclonal
 antibodies, diagnostic reagents and other immunoreagents for biomedical research and provides antibody manufacturing for academic and industry research scientists. Our Life Sciences segment also produces products for other life science companies
 on an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) basis.

On May 22, 2023, the Company acquired all the rights, title and interests to a royalty agreement for certain antibody products, which we include in our Life Sciences segment.

On March 2, 2023, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired all of the outstanding stock of Stephen Hall, PhD Ltd., which we include in our Life Sciences segment.

On November 1, 2022, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired all of the outstanding stock of ImmunoBioScience Corporation, which we include in our Life Sciences
 segment.

On August 15, 2022, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired all the membership interests of ECM Biosciences LLC, which we include in our Life Sciences segment.

Manufacturing

The Company s Manufacturing segment is comprised of Indco, Inc. Indco ). Indco is a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company that manufactures and distributes mixing equipment and apparatuses
 for specific applications within various industries. Indco s customer base is comprised of small- to mid-sized businesses as well as other larger customers for which Indco fulfills repetitive production orders.

2 

Table of Contents 

Investment in Marketable Securities - Rubicon

On August 19, 2022, the Company acquired 1,108,000 shares of the common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of Rubicon Technology, Inc. Rubicon ), at a price per share of 20.00, in a cash
 tender offer made pursuant to the Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, between the Company and Rubicon (the Rubicon Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Rubicon Purchase Agreement, the acquired shares represent
 45.0 of Rubicon s issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of August 3, 2022, as reported in Rubicon s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022. The Company owned
 approximately 46.6 of Rubicon s issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of September 30, 2023.

Rubicon is an advanced materials provider specializing in monocrystalline sapphire for applications in optical and industrial systems. The purpose of our investment in Rubicon is for Janel to
 acquire a significant ownership interest in Rubicon, together with representation on Rubicon s Board, in an attempt to (i) restructure the Rubicon business to achieve profitability and (ii) assist Rubicon in utilizing its net operating loss
 carry-forward assets. Although we are optimistic about our investment in Rubicon, our investment involves risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control, including those discussed herein under Item 1A, Risk Factors.

Logistics

The Company s Logistics segment helps clients move and manage freight efficiently to reduce inventories and to increase supply chain speed and reliability. Key services include customs entry
 filing; arrangement of freight forwarding by air, ocean and ground; warehousing; cargo insurance procurement; logistics planning; product repackaging; online shipment tracking and hazardous material warehousing and distribution.

Our Logistics segment earns flat fees for certain services, such as customs entry filing. For brokered services, Logistics earns the difference between the rate charged by a service provider
 and the rate Logistics charges the customer for the provider s service. Its freight consolidation activities, in addition to on-going volume-based relationships with providers, allow Logistics to command preferred service rates that can be passed
 on profitably to the customer.

As a non-asset-based logistics provider, we own only a minimal amount of equipment. We generally expect to neither own nor operate any material transportation assets and, consequently, arrange
 for transportation of our customers shipments via trucking companies, commercial airlines, air cargo carriers, railroads, ocean carriers and other non-asset based third-party providers. By not owning the transportation equipment used to
 transport the freight, which results in relatively minimal fixed operating costs, we are able to leverage our network of locations to offer competitive pricing and flexible solutions to our customers. Moreover, our balanced product offering
 provides us with revenue streams from multiple sources and enables us to retain customers even as they shift across various modes of transportation. We believe our low capital intensity model allows us to provide low-cost solutions to our
 customers, operate our business with strong cash flow characteristics and retain significant flexibility in responding to changing industries and economic conditions.

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, Logistics handled approximately 152,000 individual import and export shipments originating or terminating in countries around the world.
 Approximately 49 of the revenues from these activities related to trucking, 25 to ocean freight, 14 to air freight, 5 to custom brokerage and the remainder of 7 to other.

Based upon revenues, our customers are diverse, with the largest individual customer accounting for about 3.0 of revenues and the top ten customers accounting for 14.9 of revenues during
 fiscal 2023.

As of September 30, 2023, our Logistics segment operated out of twenty-five full-service locations in the United States and maintained a network of independent agent relationships in many
 trading countries, giving it the ability to provide a global service to its clients.

Each office is responsible for its growth and profitability. Logistics management helps the offices as needed with efforts such as human resources, maintaining a common information technology
 platform and centralized accounting services. Our growth strategy includes servicing existing customers well and acquiring more of their business, hiring new people who can grow our company and adding new companies or services through
 acquisitions.

The logistics industry is highly fragmented, with low barriers to entry and intense competition. Our Logistics segment competes against providers ranging in size from mom-and-pop businesses
 to multi-national firms with hundreds of offices worldwide. Many of our Logistics customers utilize more than one logistics provider.

The freight forwarding industry requires dealings in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. As a result, our Logistics segment is exposed to the inherent risks of international currency markets
 and governmental interference. Some countries in which the Logistics segment maintains agent relationships have currency control regulations that influence our ability to hedge foreign currency exposure. Logistics tries to manage these exposures
 by accelerating international currency settlements among those agents.

3 

Table of Contents 

Historically, the quarterly operating results of the Logistics segment have been subject to seasonal trends. The fiscal third and fourth quarters have traditionally been the strongest, and the
 fiscal second quarter has traditionally been the weakest. This pattern has been the result of, or influenced by, numerous factors including climate, national holidays, consumer demand, economic conditions and other similar and subtle forces.

A significant portion of Logistics segment revenues are derived from customers in industries with shipping patterns tied to consumer demand and/or just-in-time production schedules. Many
 Logistics customers may ship a significant portion of their goods at or near the end of a quarter. Therefore, the timing of revenues is, to a large degree, affected by factors beyond the segment s control, such as shifting consumer demand for
 retail goods and manufacturing production delays. We cannot accurately forecast many of these factors, nor can we estimate the relative impact of any given factor. Therefore, historical patterns experienced may not continue in the future.

Government Regulation

Interstate and international transportation of freight is highly regulated. Failure to comply with applicable state and federal regulations, or to maintain required permits or licenses, can
 result in substantial fines or revocation of operating permits or authorities imposed on both transportation intermediaries and their shipper customers. We cannot give assurance as to the degree or cost of future regulations on our business. Some
 of the regulations affecting our current and prospective operations are described below.

Logistics is a customs broker licensed and permitted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection CBP ). All U.S. customs brokers are required to maintain prescribed records and are subject to
 periodic audits by CBP. Logistics is a registered Ocean Transportation Intermediary OTI and is licensed as a non-vessel operating common carrier NVOCC by the Federal Maritime Commission FMC ). The FMC has established certain
 qualifications for shipping agents, including certain surety bonding requirements. We also operate as a Transportation Security Administration TSA certified Indirect Air Carrier IAC ), providing air freight services, subject to commercial
 standards set forth by the International Air Transport Association IATA and federal regulations issued by the Transportation Security Administration.

Air freight forwarding operations are subject to regulation, as an indirect air cargo carrier, under the Federal Aviation Act, as enforced by the Federal Aviation Administration of the U.S.
 Department of Transportation and the Transportation Security Administration of the Department of Homeland Security. While air freight forwarders are exempted from most of the Federal Aviation Act s requirements by the Economic Aviation
 Regulations, the industry is subject to ongoing regulatory and legislative developments that can impact the economics of the industry by requiring changes to operating practices or influencing the demand for, and the costs of, providing services
 to customers.

Surface freight forwarding operations are subject to various state and federal statutes and are regulated by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration of the U.S. Department of
 Transportation and, to a very limited extent, the Surface Transportation Board. These federal agencies have broad investigatory and regulatory powers, including the power to issue a certificate of authority or license to engage in the business;
 to approve specified mergers, consolidations and acquisitions; and to regulate the delivery of some types of domestic shipments and operations within particular geographic areas.

The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration also has the authority to regulate interstate motor carrier operations, including the regulation of certain rates, charges and accounting
 systems; to require periodic financial reporting; and to regulate insurance, driver qualifications, operation of motor vehicles, parts and accessories for motor vehicle equipment, hours of service of drivers, inspection, repair, maintenance
 standards and other safety related matters. The federal laws governing interstate motor carriers have both direct and indirect application to the Company. The breadth and scope of the federal regulations may affect our operations and the motor
 carriers that are used in the provisioning of the transportation services. In certain locations, state or local permits or registrations may also be required to provide or obtain intrastate motor carrier services.

Risk Management and Insurance

As a property freight broker, we are not legally liable for loss or damage to our customers cargo. In our customer contracts, we may agree to assume cargo liability up to a stated maximum.

We typically do not assume cargo liability above minimum industry standards in our international freight forwarding, ocean transportation or air freight businesses on international or domestic
 air shipments. With regards to international freight forwarding, ocean transportation and international domestic air freight shipments, we offer our customers the option to purchase shippers insurance coverage to insure goods in transit. When we
 agree to store goods for our customers for longer terms, we provide limited warehouseman s coverage to our customers and typically contract for warehousing services from companies that provide us the same degree of coverage.

4 

Table of Contents 

We maintain a broad cargo liability insurance policy to help protect us against catastrophic losses that may not be recovered from the responsible contracted carrier. We also carry various
 liability insurance policies, including automobile and general liability, with an umbrella policy.

Life Sciences

The Company s wholly-owned Life Sciences segment manufactures and distributes high-quality monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies, diagnostic reagents and other immunoreagents for biomedical
 research and provides antibody manufacturing for academic and industry research scientists.

Our Life Sciences segment also produces products for life science companies on an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) basis. Through a combined portfolio of nearly 3,000 products and a range
 of custom services, the Life Sciences segment provides the scientific community with high-quality tools to support critical research efforts.

Our Life Sciences segment is based in Davis, California on an owned 40-acre facility and three

other leased locations in the U.S. Our growth strategy is to place high-quality products in the hands of more researchers to accelerate scientific discovery. 

Our growth strategies include:

Product innovation : By working with key researchers and scientific organizations, we seek to develop new products to enhance the range of tools available and thereby
 expand the capabilities of life science researchers.

Operational improvement : We continue to enhance our operational designs and processes to be more efficient, which supports higher profitability and enables us to
 devote more resources to investments in growth and innovation.

Attract and retain exceptional talent : High-quality scientists enable our top-quality products and services to be offered, which are key to our reputation in the
 marketplace.

Acquisitions and investments : We intend to grow by acquiring new businesses with high-quality reputations that will benefit from our combined innovational and
 operational strength.

Customers and distribution methods: We sell our biotechnology products directly to customers, principally direct through our website or distributors. Some of our
 customers utilize our scientific expertise and production capabilities and purchase our products and re-label them. Our reputation for quality products is critical to our ability to attract new customers for both our products and
 services.

Broad product offering: A number of companies supply protein-related research and diagnostic reagents. Customers choose their products based upon product quality,
 reputation and price. We believe a number of our products have long-standing reputations and that our portfolio overall is well-regarded, especially amongst the academic, diagnostic and pharmaceutical research community.

Manufacturing: Our antibodies are produced using a variety of technologies including traditional animal immunization and hybridoma technology as well as recombinant
 antibody techniques. We are not dependent on key or sole source suppliers for most of our products, as we typically have several outside sources for all critical raw materials necessary for the manufacture of our products.

The majority of our life science products are shipped within two days of receipt of customers orders. Consequently, we typically do not maintain a significant backlog of orders for our Life
 Sciences segment products.

Our Life Sciences segment is subject to regulation. One of our subsidiaries, Antibodies, Inc., maintains International Organization of Standardization certification for medical devices to
 support our manufacturing operation. We also comply with regulations related to the United States Department of Agriculture, National Institutes of Health, Office of Laboratory Animal Welfare and the United States Food and Drug Administration.
 Many of our customers are regulated and must verify our compliance with their standards throughout the supply chain, which requires us to maintain careful records. The failure to comply with these regulations may impair our ability to compete in
 the marketplace.

5 

Table of Contents 

Manufacturing

The Company s Manufacturing segment is composed of Indco, which is a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company that manufactures and distributes mixing equipment and apparatuses for specific
 applications within various industries. Indco s headquarters and manufacturing operations are located in a single owned facility in New Albany, Indiana.

Indco provides solutions for the mixing needs of customers operating in diverse industries, including chemicals, inks, paints, construction, plastics, adhesives, cosmetics, food and
 pharmaceuticals. Solutions include standard product configurations, both manufactured and distributed, available for order from Indco s website and its print catalog, which is mailed quarterly. In addition, Indco manufactures custom-designed
 mixing solutions that Indco helps specify, design, machine, assemble and distribute. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, Indco made approximately 3,900 individual shipments to customers. In fiscal 2023, approximately 86 of Indco s
 revenue came from manufacturing activity. The remainder of its revenue came from non-manufactured product distribution activity. Indco s revenue is generally level throughout the year with little seasonality.

Indco relies on a variety of providers of raw materials, mechanical components and other services in order to manufacture its products. These providers include national and multi-national
 suppliers for common industrial components such as motors, gear drives, motor controls and many other standard hardware products. Additionally, regional and local suppliers provide Indco-specific parts such as castings and fabricated metal
 components. Raw materials primarily steel bars, plates and shafts are sourced from domestic steel mills through local distributors. Alternative or substantially similar options are available from suppliers other than those Indco currently
 employs. While custom cast or fabricated parts are at greater risk of supply interruption, alternative equivalent suppliers are typically available.

Our growth strategy within the industrial mixer business is to enhance our reputation as a high-quality manufacturer of often customized products to meet specialized mixing needs. Indco s
 products are frequently utilized in mission-critical applications, making our high-quality and strong service offering highly valuable to our customers. Our growth strategy includes keeping our direct relationship with the customer relevant
 through our web presence, introducing new relevant products and expanding our reach into new and existing markets with sales efforts and partners.

The industrial mixer manufacturing industry is highly fragmented with low barriers to entry. Indco competes with companies of all sizes based on a combination of pricing, lead-times, service,
 quality and ability to reach customers through internet presence and catalog circulation.

Government regulation directly governing Indco s industrial mixer product line is minimal. Changing energy efficiency standards, however, as mandated by the Department of Energy, can, over
 time, affect electric motor manufacturers whose products are used by Indco. Historically, these changes have resulted in only minor changes to our product line.

Indco is subject to U.S. federal, state and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise for the protection of the environment. Although current
 operations have not been significantly affected by compliance with these environmental laws, the Company cannot predict what impact future environmental regulations may have on Indco. Indco does not anticipate making any material capital
 expenditures for environmental control purposes during the remainder of the current or succeeding fiscal years.

Additional information with respect to Janel s businesses

Our principal executive offices and corporate headquarters are located at 80 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011, and our telephone number is (212) 373-5895.

Janel maintains a website http://www.janelcorp.com where certain corporate governance documents and links to its subsidiaries websites can be found. Janel s periodic reports filed
 with the SEC can be accessed at the SEC s website http://www.sec.gov and indirectly through Janel s website http://www.janelcorp.com ). The information contained or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS

The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with an evaluation of the Company s business and any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
 elsewhere. See the section entitled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements set forth above. Any of the following risks or others discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or the Company s other SEC filings could materially
 adversely affect the Company s business, operating results and financial condition. An investment in Janel s common stock is subject to risks inherent to the Company s business. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect
 Janel are described below. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or focused on or that management currently deems immaterial may also impair the Company s business operations.

6 

Table of Contents 

Risk Factors Related To Janel s Growth Strategy 

Janel s strategy of expanding its business through acquisitions of other businesses presents special risks.

Janel expects to grow its businesses in part by completing acquisitions, either through acquisitions of businesses within its existing segments or the expansion of its portfolio into new
 segments. In either case:

Janel s financial condition may not be sufficient to support the funding needs of an expansion program;

Janel may not be able to successfully identify suitable investment opportunities;

acquisitions that Janel undertakes may not be successfully consummated or enhance profitability; or

expansion opportunities may not be available to Janel upon reasonable terms.

There may be a limited number of operating companies available for acquisition that Janel deems to be desirable targets. At times, there may be a limited number of operating companies available for acquisition
 and fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an acquisition. Janel may compete with entities whose financial resources, technical
 expertise and managerial capabilities are significantly greater than Janel s. Therefore, Janel may be at a competitive disadvantage in negotiating and executing possible acquisitions. Even if Janel is successful in a competitive bidding process
 for an acquisition, this competition may affect the terms of completed transactions, and, as a result, Janel may pay more or receive less favorable terms than it expected for potential acquisitions.

In addition, even if Janel is able to successfully compete with these entities, it expects future acquisitions to encounter risks similar to those that past acquisitions have encountered, such as:

difficulty in assimilating/integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired businesses;

potential disruption of Janel s or the target s ongoing business;

inability to realize the projected operational and financial benefits from the acquisition or to maximize financial and strategic benefits through the incorporation of acquired personnel and clients, particularly in a high interest
 environment;

difficulty maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies;

impairment of relationships with employees and clients resulting from integration of the newly acquired company;

strain on managerial and operational resources as management tries to oversee larger operations;

significantly increased need for working capital to operate the acquired companies and;

exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies.

Furthermore, management s attention may be diverted by acquisition, investment, transition or integration activities. Janel may be required to dedicate additional management and other resources to newly acquired
 businesses.

Additionally, should Janel acquire a new line of business in which it has no operating history, the success of such new business cannot be assured. If an acquired entity is not efficiently or completely
 integrated, there may be a material adverse effect on Janel s business and operations.

Janel may be required to record a significant change to earnings if its goodwill and other amortizable intangible assets, or other investments, become impaired, which could
 have a material adverse effect on the company s financial condition and/or stock price.

Under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ), we are required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and to review our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets and other
 assets acquired through merger and acquisition activity for impairment when events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying value of such assets may no longer be recoverable. Factors that could lead to impairment of goodwill,
 amortizable intangible assets and other assets acquired via acquisitions include significant adverse changes in the business climate, actual or projected operating results affecting Janel or any of its particular segments, and a decline in the
 financial condition of our business. If our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets or other investments become impaired in the future, we may be required to record additional charges to earnings. Such charges would have a material adverse
 effect on our financial results.

7 

Table of Contents 

Litigation, indemnification claims and other unforeseen claims and liabilities may arise from the acquisition or operation of acquired businesses.

Janel may face litigation or other claims as a result of certain terms and conditions of our acquisition agreements, stock purchase agreements, tender offers and other agreements to purchase equity interests in
 target companies, such as earnout payments or closing net asset adjustments. Alternatively, shareholder litigation may arise as a result of proposed acquisitions. Acquired businesses may have liabilities, or be subject to claims, litigation, or
 investigations that we did not anticipate or which exceed our estimates at the time of the acquisition. Any litigation relating to a potential acquisition will increase expenses associated with the acquisition or cause a delay in completing the
 acquisition, which may impact Janel s profitability. Litigation related to acquisitions would also divert management time and resources. Janel may experience disruptions that could have a material adverse effect on its business and operations,
 especially where an acquisition target may have pre-existing compliance issues or deficiencies, or material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting.

Our subsidiaries may not be able to fully utilize their tax benefits, which could result in increased cash payments for taxes in future periods.

Net operating losses NOLs may be carried forward to offset federal and state taxable income in future years and reduce the amount of cash paid for income taxes otherwise payable on such taxable income,
 subject to certain limits and adjustments. If fully utilized, the NOLs and other carryforwards of our minority-owned investment could provide our subsidiaries with significant tax savings in future periods. Our subsidiaries ability to utilize
 these tax benefits in future years will depend upon their ability to generate sufficient taxable income and to comply with the rules relating to the preservation and use of NOLs, as well as potential future changes in tax laws. The potential
 benefit of the NOLs and other carryforwards may be limited or permanently lost as a result of the following:

a change in control of our subsidiaries that would trigger limitations on the amount of taxable income in future years that may be offset by NOLs and other carryforwards that existed prior to the change in control; and

examinations and audits by the IRS and other taxing authorities could reduce the amount of NOLs and other credit carryforwards that are available for future years.

Our actions may have an impact on the NOL s of our minority-owned investment. The inability to use these NOLs, or the diminution in value of such NOLs, could have a material adverse effect on our business and
 operations.

Rising interest rates may negatively impact our investments and have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.

Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory
 agencies and, in particular, the Federal Reserve Board. The Federal Reserve has raised interest rates with total increases of 525 basis points since March 2022. Changes in interest rates could have an adverse impact on our business by
 increasing the cost of borrowing, affecting our interest costs and our ability to make new investments on favorable terms or at all. Additionally, interest rate fluctuations and changes in credit spreads on floating rate loans may have a
 negative impact on our investments and investment opportunities and, accordingly, may have a material adverse effect on our rate of return on invested capital, our net investment income, our net asset value and the market price of our
 securities. In addition, an increase in interest rates may make it difficult or impossible to make payments on outstanding debt. Any increase in interest rates could have a negative effect on our interest costs and investments, which could have
 a material adverse effect on our business and operations.

We may experience conflicts of interest with the minority shareholders of our businesses.

The boards of directors and officers of Janel s non-wholly owned affiliated businesses have fiduciary duties to their respective shareholders. As a result, they may make decisions that are in the best interest of
 their shareholders generally, but which are not necessarily in the best interest of our shareholders. In dealings with us, the directors and officers of our affiliated businesses may make decisions that are different from the decisions we would
 make. These decisions may not be in the best interests of our shareholders, which may have an adverse effect on our business and operations.

8 

Table of Contents 

Risk Factors Related To Janel s Business And Industries 

(in thousands except per share data)

Janel may not have sufficient working capital to continue operations, and our current asset-based lending facility is dependent upon an accounts receivable balance that may
 fluctuate as a result of national and global events.

Janel s cash needs are currently met by commercial bank credit facilities, cash on hand and cash generated from current operations. Actual short- and long-term working capital needs will depend upon numerous
 factors, including operating results, the availability of a revolving line of credit, competition and the cost associated with growing, either internally or through acquisition, none of which can be predicted with certainty. If results of
 operations and availability under Janel s bank lines of credit are insufficient to meet cash needs, Janel will be required to obtain additional investment capital or debt funding to continue operations. Our substantial debt obligations could
 restrict our operations and financial condition. Additionally, our ability to generate cash to make payments on our indebtedness depends on many factors beyond our control.

As of September 30, 2023, we had approximately 31,620 of short-term borrowings and long-term debt. We may also incur additional indebtedness in the future.

Our debt service obligations will require us to use a portion of our operating cash flow to pay interest and principal on indebtedness rather than for other corporate purposes, including funding future expansion of
 our business and ongoing capital expenditures, which could impede our growth. Our substantial indebtedness could have other adverse consequences, including:

making it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations;

increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, regulatory and industry conditions, and placing us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged;

limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate;

limiting our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and

exposing us to greater interest rate risk, including the risk to variable borrowings of a rate increase and the risk to fixed borrowings of a rate decrease.

Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative,
 regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.

Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, and future borrowings may not be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness when scheduled payments are due or
 to fund other liquidity needs. In these circumstances, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require make-whole payments and
 compliance with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness or obtain additional financing would depend on, among other things, our financial condition at the time,
 restriction in the agreements governing our indebtedness and the condition of the financial markets and the industries in which we operate. As a result, we may not be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or
 at all. Without this financing, we may have to seek additional equity or debt financing or restructure our debt, which could harm our long-term business prospects. Our failure to comply with the terms of any existing or future indebtedness
 could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of the payment of all of our debt.

Pursuant to the borrowing agreement, our ability to borrow under our current asset-based lending facility relies on our accounts receivable balance as collateral. This accounts receivable balance is heavily
 influenced by tariffs, global freight prices, international trade and other global events. Our ability to collect on these accounts receivables may further impact our ability to borrow under our current agreement. In the event that our accounts
 receivable balance decreases, we may face limited opportunities to borrow on our line of credit.

Our subsidiaries do not have long-term contracts with all of their customers, and the loss of customers with which we do not have long-term contracts may have a material
 adverse effect on our business and operations.

Our businesses are based primarily upon individual orders, sales and service agreements with customers not long-term contracts. Therefore, customers could cease purchasing products or using our services at any
 time, for any reason, and with little or no notice, and we would have no recourse. If a significant number of our customers reduce or choose not to purchase products or use our services, or we have to lower prices to retain customers, it may
 have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.

9 

Table of Contents 

Significant changes or developments in U.S. laws or policies, including changes in U.S. trade policies and tariffs and the reaction of other countries thereto, may have a
 material adverse effect on our business and financial statements.

Significant changes or developments in U.S. laws and policies, such as laws and policies surrounding international trade, foreign affairs, manufacturing and development and investment in the territories and
 countries where we or our customers operate, can materially adversely affect our business and financial statements. Under the previous U.S. administration, the imposition of significant tariffs and increased trade tension between the United
 States and China greatly impacted domestic industries access to foreign markets. Similar trade restrictions in the future may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial statements.

Janel s businesses face aggressive competition from other companies with greater financial resources and from companies that operate in areas in which our companies plan to
 expand in the future.

Our businesses face intense competition within the logistics, manufacturing and life science industries on a local, regional, national, and global basis. Competitors include companies ranging from start-up
 companies, which may be able to respond to customers needs more quickly, to large multinational companies, which may have greater financial, marketing, operational and research and development resources than Janel.

In the freight forwarding industry, our Logistics business competes with a large and diverse group of freight forwarding concerns, commercial air and ocean carriers and a large number of locally established
 companies in geographic areas where our Logistics business does business or intends to do business in the future. The loss of customers, agents or employees to competitors could adversely impact the ability of our Logistics business to be
 profitable. In addition, the transport of freight, both domestically and internationally, is highly competitive and price sensitive, and new competitors emerge annually. Changes in the volume of freight transported, shippers preferences as to
 the timing of deliveries as a means to control shipping costs, economic and political conditions , both in the United States and abroad, work stoppages, labor constraints , U.S. and foreign laws relating
 to tariffs, trade restrictions, foreign investments and taxation may all have significant impact on our Logistics business overall business, growth and profitability.

Indco competes within the highly fragmented industrial mixer manufacturing industry, which has low barriers to entry. New competitors emerge annually, and many aggressively market through electronic media. Our
 competitors may be more innovative than us, and, as a result, Indco may be unable to compete effectively.

Our Life Sciences business faces significant competition across many of its product lines. To remain competitive, Life Sciences must develop new products and periodically enhance its existing products, otherwise,
 it may lose market share and be unable to achieve revenue growth targets. We anticipate that Life Sciences may also have to adjust the prices of many of its products to stay competitive. In addition, new competitors, technologies, or market
 trends may emerge to threaten or reduce the value of our product lines. Failure to innovate and develop new products may impact the future sales and earnings of Life Sciences and, therefore, Janel.

Janel s businesses are dependent upon technically skilled employees, and failure to obtain and retain skilled technical personnel could materially adversely affect their
 operations.

Janel believes that the success of its business is highly dependent on the continuing efforts of certain technically skilled employees, particularly experienced engineers in our Manufacturing segment and
 scientists in our Life Sciences segment. For example, Indco s production facilities require skilled personnel to operate and provide technical services and support for its business. Competition for the personnel required for Indco s business
 intensifies as activity increases. In periods of high utilization, it may become more difficult to find and retain qualified individuals. This could increase Indco s costs or have other adverse effects on its operations. Only some of our
 employees are subject to employment agreements. The loss of the services of technically skilled employees may have an adverse effect on Janel s business and operations.

In order to respond to the high variability in our Logistics business model, it may be necessary to adjust staffing levels to changing market demands. In periods of rapid change, it is more difficult to match our
 Logistics business staffing levels to its business needs.

Climate change and increased focus by governmental and non-governmental organizations, stockholders and customers on sustainability issues, including those related to
 climate change, may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.

Scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the Earth s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity
 of storms, droughts, floods, wildfires and other climatic events. Our Life Sciences business operates out of three locations and our Manufacturing business in a single location. Increased frequency of extreme weather could cause increased
 incidence of disruption to the production and distribution of our products at these locations. Increasing natural disasters in connection with climate change could also be a direct threat to our third-party vendors, service providers or other
 stakeholders, including disruptions on supply chains or information technology or other necessary services for Janel. If Janel s facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, or information technology systems experience any catastrophic loss
 as a result of such natural disasters, such event could disrupt the company s operations, delay production and shipments, result in defective products or services, diminish demand, damage customer relationships and our reputation and result in
 legal exposure and significant repair or replacement expenses.

10 

Table of Contents 

Federal, state and local governments, as well as some of our customers, are beginning to respond to climate change issues. This increased focus on sustainability may result in new legislation or regulations and
 customer requirements that could negatively affect us as we may incur additional costs or be required to make changes to our operations in order to comply with any new regulations or customer requirements. Legislation or regulations that
 potentially impose restrictions, caps, taxes, or other controls on emissions of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide, a by-product of burning fossil fuels such as those used in the trucks in our Logistics segment, may have a material adverse
 effect on our business and operations.

More specifically, legislative, or regulatory actions related to climate change may have a material adverse effect on Janel by increasing our Logistics business fuel costs and reducing fuel efficiency and could
 result in the creation of substantial additional capital expenditures and operating costs in the form of taxes, emissions allowances, or required equipment upgrades. Any of these factors could impair our operating efficiency and productivity
 and result in higher operating costs. In addition, revenues could decrease if we are unable to meet regulatory or customer sustainability requirements. Furthermore, over the past several years, new rules relating to the disclosure of a range of
 climate-related risks have been proposed and/or adopted by certain authorities, including the SEC and the state of California. We are currently assessing the applicability of these rules, but at this time we cannot predict the costs of
 implementation or any potential adverse impacts resulting therefrom. We could ultimately incur increased costs relating to the assessment and disclosure of climate-related risks as a result of these regulatory and legislative actions. These
 additional costs, changes in operations, or loss of revenues may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. For example, the motor carriers we contract with are subject to increasingly restrictive laws protecting the
 environment, including those relating to climate change, which could directly or indirectly have a material adverse effect on our business. Future and existing environmental regulatory
 requirements may have a material adverse effect on operations and increase operating expenses, which in turn could increase our purchased transportation costs. Our customers, our business and operations could be materially adversely affected by
 these new rules and costs.

Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social and governance
 matters, that could expose us to numerous risks.

We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the SEC and the Financial Accounting Standards Board.
 These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by Congress, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. In addition, increasingly regulators,
 customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are focusing on environmental, social and governance ESG matters and related disclosures. These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely
 to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. For example, developing and acting on initiatives within the
 scope of ESG, and collecting, measuring and reporting ESG-related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time-consuming and is subject to evolving reporting standards, including the SEC s recently proposed and California s
 recently enacted climate-related reporting requirements, and similar proposals by other international regulatory bodies. We may also communicate certain initiatives and goals, regarding environmental matters, diversity, responsible sourcing and
 social investments and other ESG related matters, in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. These initiatives and goals within the scope of ESG could be difficult and expensive to implement, the technologies needed to implement them
 may not be cost-effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace, and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure. Further, statements about our ESG-related initiatives and goals, and progress against
 those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. In addition, we could be criticized for
 the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any revisions to these goals. If our ESG-related data, processes and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our goals within the scope
 of ESG on a timely basis, or at all, our reputation, business, financial performance and growth could be adversely affected.

11 

Table of Contents 

Janel may face competition from parties who sell their businesses to Janel and from professionals who cease working for Janel.

While we typically enter into non-competition and non-solicitation agreements with parties that sell their businesses to us, one or more of the former owners of an acquired business who cease working for Janel or
 persons who leave Janel s employment may compete with Janel or solicit Janel s employees or clients in the future. Even if ultimately resolved in Janel s favor, any litigation associated with enforcing non-competition or non-solicitation
 agreements could be time consuming, costly and distract management s focus from Janel s business. Moreover, states and foreign jurisdictions may interpret restrictions on competition narrowly and in favor of employees. Therefore, certain
 restrictions on competition or solicitation may be unenforceable. In addition, Janel may decide not to pursue legal remedies if it determines that the costs or other factors outweigh the benefits of any possible legal recourse. Such persons,
 because they have worked for Janel or an acquired business, may be able to compete more effectively with Janel and may be more successful in soliciting its employees and clients than unaffiliated third parties.

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may affect any market on which the Company s shares trade, the markets in which the Company s
 subsidiaries operate and the Company s business operations and profitability.

Terrorist acts or acts of war or armed conflict may have a material adverse effect on Janel s business and operations. Any of these acts could result in increased volatility in, or damage to,
 the United States and worldwide financial markets and economy, and, in particular, could lead to increased regulatory requirements with respect to the security and safety of freight shipments and transportation. Acts of terrorism or armed
 conflict, and the uncertainty caused by such conflicts, could cause a reduction in demand for Janel s businesses. In particular, this would have a corresponding adverse effect on Janel s Logistics business.

Security breaches or cybersecurity attacks may have a material adverse effect on Janel s ability to operate, could result in personal information being misappropriated and
 may cause Janel to be held liable or suffer harm to its reputation.

We are dependent on information technology systems and infrastructures to carry out important operational activities and to maintain our business records. In addition, we rely on the systems of third parties. As
 part of our normal business operations, we connect and store certain personal identifying and confidential information relating to our customers, vendors, employees and suppliers. External and internal risks, such as malware, insecure coding,
 Acts of God, data leakage and human error pose a direct threat to our information technology systems and operations.

We, and the third parties with whom we conduct business, have faced, and may continue to be subject to, cybersecurity attacks and other intentional hacking. Any failure to identify and address such defects or
 errors or prevent a cyber-attack, including a ransomware attack, could result in service interruptions, operational difficulties, loss of revenues or market share, liability to customers or others, diversion of resources, injury to our
 reputation and increased service and maintenance costs. Addressing such issues could prove to be impossible or very costly and responding to resulting claims or liability could similarly involve substantial cost.

In addition, our insurance coverage and/or indemnification arrangements that we enter into, if any, may not be adequate to cover all of the costs related to cybersecurity attacks or disruptions resulting from
 such events. We must also rely on the safeguards put in place by customers, suppliers, vendors or other third parties to minimize the impact of cyber threats, other security threats or business disruptions. These third parties may have varying
 levels of cybersecurity expertise and safeguards. In the event of a breach affecting these third parties, our business and financial results could suffer materially.

While, to date, we have not had a significant cyber-attack or breach that has had a material impact on our business or results of operations, we remain at risk of a data breach due, in part, to the intentional or
 unintentional non-compliance by a third party s employee or agent, the breakdown of a third party s data protection processes or a cyber-attack on a third party s information network and systems. Additionally, acquired companies will need to be
 integrated with our information technology systems, which may cause additional training or licensing cost, along with potential delays and disruption. In such event, our revenue, financial results and ability to operate profitably could be
 materially adversely affected. The challenges associated with integration of our acquisitions may increase these risks.

Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a catastrophic event, disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material financial loss, loss of
 human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability.

Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our personnel, offices and technology infrastructure against damage from business continuity events that could have a significant
 disruptive effect on our operations. Should we or a key vendor or other third party experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity problem, such as an earthquake, fire, flood, hurricane, or other weather event power loss,
 terrorist attack, pandemic, security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunctions or other natural or man-made disaster, our continued success will depend, in part, on the availability of our personnel, office
 facilities and the proper functioning of existing, new or upgraded computer systems, telecommunications and other related systems and operations. In events like these, while our operational size and our existing back-up systems provide us with
 some degree of flexibility, we still can experience near-term operational challenges with regard to particular areas of our operations. We could potentially lose access to key executives and personnel, sensitive data or experience material
 adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our customers in a disaster recovery scenario. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, there were concerns for and restrictions on our personnel (including health concerns,
 quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and restrictions on travel), and increased privacy and cybersecurity risks in light of an increase in remote work among our workforce and our third-party service providers and vendors.

12 

Table of Contents 

We regularly assess and take steps to improve upon our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. However, a disaster on a significant scale or affecting certain of our
 key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, could materially interrupt our business operations and cause material financial loss,
 loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships or legal liability.

Janel may be subject to product and other liability risks for which it may not have adequate insurance coverage.

We may be named a defendant in product liability lawsuits alleging that products or services provided by Janel have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition or injury to consumers, particularly for our
 Life Sciences and Manufacturing segment products. There are several factors beyond our control that could lead to liability claims, such as the reliability and competence of the customers operators and the training of such operators. Any such
 third-party claims and product liability claims filed against Janel could carry potential liabilities in excess of our insurance coverage. We cannot be certain that our current insurance will be sufficient to cover any adverse determinations in
 such product liability lawsuits.

In the ordinary course of our Logistics business, we are a defendant in several legal proceedings arising out of the conduct of our Logistics business. These proceedings include third-party claims for property
 damage or bodily injury incurred in connection with our services. Within our Logistics segment, ELFS maintains auto liability for commercial trucking claims of up to 6,000,000 per occurrence, and general
 liability with of up to 6,000,000 per occurrence. Any such third-party claims filed against ELFS could carry potential liabilities in excess of our insurance coverage. We cannot be certain that our current insurance will be sufficient
 to cover any adverse determinations in such liability claims or lawsuits.

Life Sciences faces an inherent business risk of exposure to product and other liability claims if its products or services are alleged or found to have caused injury, damage or loss. While we retain product
 liability insurance, we may be unable to obtain insurance with adequate levels of coverage for potential liability on acceptable terms or claims of this nature may be excluded from coverage under the terms of any insurance policy that we
 obtain. If we are unable to obtain such insurance or the amounts of any claims successfully brought against us substantially exceed our coverage, our business could be materially adversely affected.

If Indco s customers successfully assert product liability claims against it due to defects in Indco s products, its operating results may suffer, and its reputation may be harmed. Indco faces an inherent risk of exposure to claims in the event that the failure, use or misuse of its products results, or is alleged to result, in bodily injury, property damage or economic loss. While Indco
 believes that it meets or exceeds existing professional specification standards recognized or required in the industries in which it operates, Indco has been subject to claims in the past, and it may be subject to claims in the future. A
 successful product liability claim or series of claims against Indco, or a significant warranty claim or series of claims against it, could materially decrease its liquidity, and, therefore, Janel s financial condition. There are several
 factors beyond our control that could lead to liability claims, such as the reliability and competence of the customers operators and the training of such operators. Any such product liability claims filed against Indco could carry potential
 liabilities in excess of our insurance coverage. We cannot be certain that our current insurance will be sufficient to cover any adverse determinations in such product liability lawsuits.

If we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security and data laws, regulations and standards, our business and reputation may be materially adversely affected.

As disclosed above, we connect and store certain personal identifying and confidential information relating to our customers, vendors, employees and suppliers. The collection, maintenance, protection, use,
 transmission, disclosure and disposal of sensitive personal information are regulated at the federal, state, international and industry levels and requirements are also imposed on us by contracts with clients. In some cases, such laws, rules,
 regulations and contractual requirements also apply to our vendors and require us to obtain written assurances of their compliance with such requirements. International laws, rules and regulations governing the use and disclosure of such
 information, such as the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation and various regulations being adopted by states throughout the U.S., can be more stringent than laws in the United States, and they vary across jurisdictions. In
 addition, more jurisdictions are regulating the transfer of data across borders and domestic privacy and data protection laws are generally becoming more onerous.

These laws, rules and contractual requirements are subject to change and the regulatory environment surrounding data security and privacy is increasingly demanding. Compliance with existing or new privacy,
 security and data laws, regulations and requirements may result in increased operating costs, and may constrain or require us to alter our business model or operations.

13 

Table of Contents 

Our management information and financial reporting systems are spread across diverse platforms and geographies.

The growth of our business through acquisitions has resulted in our reliance on the accounting, business information and other computer systems of these acquired entities to capture and transmit information
 concerning customer orders, carrier payment, payroll and other critical business data. We continue to make progress towards migrating our various legacy operating and accounting systems to a singular system. As long as an acquired business
 remains on another information technology system, we face additional manual calculations, training costs, delays and an increased possibility of inaccuracies in the data we use to manage our business and report our financial results. Any delay
 in compiling, assessing and reporting information could materially adversely impact our business; our ability to react timely to changes in volumes, prices, or other trends; or to take actions to comply with financial covenants, all of which
 could negatively impact our stock price.

Risk Factors Related To Janel s Logistics Business 

Our Logistics business depends on third-party carriers to transport our customers cargo.

As a non-asset-based provider of global logistics services, our Logistics business s ability to serve its customers depends on the availability of air and sea cargo space, including space on passenger and cargo
 airlines, ocean carriers that service the transportation lanes and trucking companies that our Logistics business uses. Shortages of cargo space are most likely to develop around holidays and in especially heavy transportation lanes. In
 addition, available cargo space could be reduced as a result of decreases in the number of airlines or ocean carriers serving particular shipment lanes at particular times. Consequently, our ability to provide services for our customers could
 be adversely impacted by, among other things: shortages in available cargo capacity; changes by carriers and transportation companies in policies and practices such as scheduling, pricing, payment terms and frequency of service, increases in
 the cost of fuel, taxes and labor, changes in the financial stability or operating capabilities of carriers and other factors not within our control. Reductions in airfreight or ocean freight capacity may have a material adverse effect on our
 yields. Material interruptions in service or stoppages in transportation, whether caused by strike, work stoppage, lock-out, slowdown or otherwise, may materially adversely affect our business and operations.

Quality customer service is important to our success, and any challenges in meeting our customers needs and requirements may result in loss of business, thereby materially adversely affecting our operating
 results.

In addition, any determination that our third-party carriers have violated laws and regulations could seriously damage our reputation and brands, resulting in diminished revenue and profit and increased operating
 costs.

We may be subject to claims arising from transportation of freight by the carriers with which we contract, and increased insurance premium costs may have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations.

We use the services of multiple transportation companies in connection with our transportation operations. From time to time, drivers are, or may be, involved in accidents which may cause injuries and in which
 goods carried by them are lost or damaged. Such accidents usually result in equipment damage and, unfortunately, can also result in injuries or death. The resulting types and/or amounts of damages may be excluded from or exceed the amount of
 insurance coverage maintained by the contracted carrier. Although these drivers are not our employees and all of these drivers are employees, owner-operators, or independent contractors working for carriers, from time to time, claims may be
 asserted against us for their actions, or for our actions in retaining them. Claims against us may exceed the amount of our insurance coverage or may not be covered by insurance at all. A material increase in the frequency or severity of
 accidents, liability claims or workers compensation claims, or unfavorable resolutions of claims, may materially adversely affect our operating results. A material increase in the frequency or severity of accidents, claims for lost or damaged
 goods, liability claims, workers compensation claims, or unfavorable resolutions of any such claims could materially adversely affect our results of operations to the extent claims are not covered by our insurance or such losses exceed our
 reserves. Significant increases in insurance costs or the inability to purchase insurance as a result of these claims could also reduce our profitability and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. The timing of the incurrence of
 these costs may also materially adversely affect our operating results compared to prior periods.

Additionally, insurance carriers may increase premiums for transportation companies generally. We may also experience additional increases in our insurance premiums in the future if our claims experience worsens.
 If our insurance or claims expense increases and we are unable to offset the increase with desired levels of insurance at reasonable rates, it may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. In some
 instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it may have a material adverse effect on our business and
 operations.

Finally, we face risks associated with the handling of customer inventory. Some of our operating agreements include maintaining the inventory of our customers. Failure to property handle such inventory could
 expose us to monetary claims and expenses, as well as reputational harm to our business.

14 

Table of Contents 

Higher carrier prices may result in decreased adjusted gross profit.

Carriers can be expected to charge higher prices if market conditions warrant, including as a result of increased costs of fuel, labor shortages, and increased shipping times due to supply
 chain disruptions. Our adjusted gross profit and income from operations may decrease if we are unable to increase our pricing accordingly. Increased demand for truckload services and pending changes in regulations may reduce available capacity
 and also lead to increased carrier pricing.

A determination that owner-operators are employees, rather than independent contractors, could expose us to various liabilities and additional costs.

Federal and state legislation as well as tax and other regulatory authorities may seek to assert that independent contractors in the transportation service industry, such as our owner-operators, are employees
 rather than independent contractors. For example, on September 18, 2019, the state of California passed Assembly Bill 5 (AB5), which codified a standard test for determining a worker s status as an employee or independent contractor for
 purposes of determining employee benefits such as paid vacation, sick leave, meals, rest breaks and overtime, known as the ABC test. The ABC test is generally thought to lower the threshold for classifying a worker as an employee as opposed to
 an independent contractor. A particular aspect of the ABC test poses a distinct threat to the trucking industry; the test maintains that an independent contractor must undertake work that is outside the usual course of the hiring entity s
 business to avoid classification as an employee. For trucking companies hiring third-party truck drivers, it is unclear whether this prong of the test is satisfied or not. In August 2022, a federal District Court formally lifted the injunction
 that had previously kept AB5 from applying to California s trucking sector. The lifting of the injunction further increases the likeli hood that owner-operators may be classified as employees within the
 state.

While relatively new in California, versions of the ABC test have existed in a number of other states over the years and have been challenged in various courts as violating the federal government s exclusive
 right to regulate motor carriers in interstate commerce. There can be no assurance that these interpretations and tax laws that consider these persons independent contractors will not change, that other federal or state legislation will not be
 enacted or that various authorities will not successfully assert a position that reclassifies independent contractors to be employees. If our owner-operators are determined to be our employees, that determination could materially increase our
 exposure under a variety of federal and state tax, workers compensation, unemployment benefits, labor, employment and tort laws, as well as our potential liability for employee benefits. As a result of the
 enactment of AB5, the lack of clear guidance from regulatory authorities and the courts on the application of AB5, and the possibility that other jurisdictions may enact similar laws, there is uncertainty regarding what the worker
 classification regulatory landscape will look like in future years

In addition, such changes may be applied retroactively, and, if so, we may be required to pay additional amounts to compensate for prior periods. Any of the above increased costs would materially adversely affect
 our business and operations.

Recessions and other economic developments that reduce freight volumes could have a material adverse impact on our Logistics business.

The transportation industry historically has experienced cyclical fluctuations in financial results due to economic recession, downturns in business cycles of customers like those serviced by our Logistics
 business, interest rate fluctuations, government shutdowns and other economic factors beyond the control of our Logistics business. Deterioration in the economic environment subjects our Logistics business to various risks that may have a
 material impact on its operating results and cause it, and, therefore, Janel, to not reach its long-term growth goals, as a result of, for example, the following:

a reduction in overall freight volumes in the marketplace, reducing our Logistics business s opportunities for growth;

economic difficulties encountered by some of our Logistics business customers, who may, therefore, not be able to pay our Logistics business in a timely manner or at all, or may go out of business;

economic difficulties encountered by a significant number of our Logistics business s transportation providers, who may go out of business and, therefore, leave our Logistics business unable to secure sufficient equipment or other
 transportation services to meet commitments to its customers; and

the inability of our Logistics business to appropriately adjust its expenses to changing market demands.

In addition, if a downturn in the business cycles of our Logistics business customers causes a reduction in the volume of freight shipped by those customers, its, and, therefore, Janel s, operating results could
 be materially adversely affected.

15 

Table of Contents 

Other events affecting the volume of international trade and international operations may have a material adverse effect on our Logistics international operations.

In addition to economic conditions, our Logistics business s international supply chain services are directly related to, and dependent on, the volume of international trade, particularly trade between the United
 States and foreign nations. This trade, as well as our Logistics business s international supply chain services, is influenced by many factors, including:

economic and political conditions in the United States and abroad;

major work stoppages;

exchange controls, currency conversion and fluctuations;

war, other armed conflicts and terrorism, such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict; and

U.S. and foreign laws relating to tariffs, trade restrictions, foreign investment and taxation.

The foregoing and other events beyond the control of our Logistics business, such as a failure of various nations to reach or adopt international trade agreements or an increase in bilateral or multilateral trade
 restrictions, may have a material adverse effect on our Logistics segment.

The difficulty in accurately forecasting timing or volumes of customer shipments and/or rate changes by carriers could increase the cost of our operations. The unpredictability of short- and long-term
 fluctuations in such factors is influenced by volatile market conditions, global developments, consumer trends and numerous other factors outside of our company s direct control.

Failure to comply with governmental permit and licensing requirements or statutory and regulatory requirements could result in civil and criminal sanctions, fines or
 revocation of our Logistics business s operating authorities, and changes in these requirements may have a material adverse effect on our Logistics business.

Our Logistics business s operations are subject to various state, local, federal and foreign statutes and regulations prohibiting various activities that in many instances require permits and licenses. Failure to
 maintain compliance with applicable law and regulations, required permits or licenses, or to comply with applicable regulations, could result in substantial fines or revocation of our Logistics business operating authorities. Moreover,
 government deregulation efforts, modernization of the regulations governing customs clearance and changes in the international trade and tariff environment could require material expenditures or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our
 Logistics business specifically.

Our Logistics business is subject to seasonal trends and other factors beyond our control.

Historically, our Logistics business s operating results have been subject to seasonal trends when measured on a quarterly basis. Its second fiscal quarter has traditionally been the weakest, and the third and
 fourth fiscal quarters have traditionally been the strongest. As a result, its quarterly operating results are likely to continue to fluctuate. This trend is dependent on numerous factors, including the markets in which our Logistics business
 operates, holiday seasons, consumer demand, climate, economic conditions and numerous other factors. This historical seasonality has also been influenced by the growth and diversification of our Logistics business international network and
 service offerings. A substantial portion of our Logistics business s revenue is derived from customers in industries whose shipping patterns are tied closely to consumer demand which can sometimes be difficult to predict or are based on
 just-in-time production schedules. Therefore, our Logistics business s revenue is, to a large degree, affected by factors that are outside of its control. In addition, our Logistics business has several primarily variable expenses that are
 fixed for a period of time, and it may not be able to adequately adjust them in a period of rapid change in market demand. Our Logistics business historic operating patterns may not continue in future periods as it cannot influence or forecast
 many of these factors. Comparisons of our operating results from period to period are, therefore, not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indicator of future performance.

Factors Related To Janel s Life Sciences Business 

Changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products and/or increase our expenses.

Life Sciences competes in markets in which it or its customers must comply with federal, state, local and foreign regulations, such as environmental, health and safety, and food and drug regulations. We develop,
 configure and market our products to meet customer needs created by these regulations. Any significant change in these regulations could reduce demand for our products and/or increase our costs of producing these products.

16 

Table of Contents 

The success of Life Sciences depends on its ability to continually produce products that meet high quality standards such as purity, reproducibility and/or absence of cross-
 reactivity.

Product quality and reputation are key purchasing decision factors for our Life Sciences customers. While our Life Sciences operations have experienced and qualified personnel, long operating histories and
 substantial production systems and protocols in place, failure on our part to meet our customers high-quality product expectations (in particular with respect to product purity, reproducibility and specificity) may have a material adverse
 effect on our business and operations.

The success of Life Sciences is affected by its ability to maintain its intellectual property rights. If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, if
 third parties infringe on our intellectual property rights, or if we are involved in disputes to determine the scope and validity of others proprietary rights, we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our
 rights.

Intellectual property rights heavily influence product development and differentiation. We own several patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property and licenses to intellectual
 property owned by others, which together are important to our business operations. However, the intellectual property rights we obtain are not always sufficiently broad and do not always guarantee a significant competitive advantage, and
 patents may not be issued for pending or future patent applications owned, submitted by, or licensed to us. Despite the steps that we and our licensors have taken to maintain and protect our intellectual property, we cannot fully prevent such
 intellectual property from being challenged, invalidated, circumvented, designed-around or becoming subject to compulsory licensing. Sometimes, enforcement may not be available to us because a third-party may have a dominant intellectual
 property position or for other business reasons.

We also rely on nondisclosure and noncompetition agreements with employees, consultants and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. There can be no guarantee that these
 agreements sufficiently protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights and will not be breached, that we will have sufficient remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary
 information, or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or other proprietary rights.

We may also be sued by third parties alleging that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. Such lawsuits are expensive, time-consuming and divert management s focus away from other business
 concerns. If we are found to be infringing the intellectual property of others, we could be required to cease certain activities, alter our products or processes, or pay licensing fees, any of which could cause unexpected costs and delays that
 may materially adversely affect us. If we are unable to obtain a required license on acceptable terms, or if we are unable to design around any third-party patent, we may be unable to sell some of our products and services, which could reduce
 revenue. Additionally, if we do not prevail in such lawsuits, a court may find damages or award other remedies in favor of the opposing party, which may materially adversely affect our earnings.

The biomedical and life sciences industries that we serve are under constant pressures to increase the predictability of or reduce healthcare costs, all of which may
 materially adversely affect our business and financial results due to our role in the healthcare supply chain.

Our Life Sciences products are sold primarily to research scientists at biomedical and life sciences companies and at academic research institutions. Development spending by our customers and the availability of
 government research funding can fluctuate due to changes in available resources, mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, spending priorities, general economic conditions and institutional and governmental budgetary policies.
 Efforts to reduce or increase the predictability of healthcare costs may impact all stages of the healthcare supply chain, including the acquisition of antibodies, diagnostic reagents, diagnostic kits and other immunoreagents for biomedical
 research and antibody manufacturing. In addition, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers.
 Failure to anticipate and respond to competitors actions may materially adversely affect the future sales and earnings of Life Sciences and, therefore, Janel.

Risk Factors Related To Janel s Manufacturing Business 

Any decrease in the availability, or increase in the cost, of raw materials could materially affect Indco s revenue and earnings.

The availability of certain critical raw materials such as motors, gear drivers, motor controls, standard hardware products, castings and steel bars, plates and shafts are subject to factors that are not within
 Indco s control. In some cases, these critical raw materials are purchased from suppliers operating in countries that may be subject to unstable political and economic conditions, or there may be other supply chain issues related to the
 procurement of such raw materials, including as a result of international conflicts, or climate change.

While Indco has historically been able to source its raw materials from an assortment of suppliers, at any given time, Indco may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of critical raw materials on a timely basis,
 at prices and other terms acceptable to it, or at all. If Indco is unable to obtain adequate and timely deliveries of required raw materials, it may be unable to timely manufacture sufficient quantities of products. This could cause Indco to
 lose sales, incur additional costs, delay new product introductions or suffer harm to Indco s reputation.

17 

Table of Contents 

If suppliers increase the price of critical raw materials or are unwilling or unable to meet Indco s demand, it may not have alternative sources of supply. In addition, costs of certain critical raw materials
 have been volatile due to factors beyond Indco s control. Raw material costs are included in Indco s contracts with customers, but in some cases Indco is exposed to changes in raw material costs from the time purchase orders are placed to when
 it purchases the raw materials for production. Changes in business conditions may have a material adverse effect on Indco s ability to recover rapid increases in raw material costs and may materially adversely affect Indco s, and, therefore,
 Janel s, results of operations.

The extensive environmental, health and safety regulatory regimes applicable to Indco s operations create potential exposure to significant liabilities.

The nature of Indco s manufacturing business subjects its operations to numerous and varied federal, state, local and international laws and regulations relating to pollution, protection of public health and the
 environment, natural resource damages and occupational safety and health. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or with the permits required for Indco s operations, could result in fines or civil or criminal sanctions, third-party
 claims for property damage or personal injury and investigation and cleanup costs. Potentially significant expenditures could be required in order to comply with new environmental laws or requirements that may be adopted or imposed in the
 future. Indco has used, and currently uses, certain substances that are considered hazardous, extremely hazardous or toxic under worker safety and health laws and regulations. Although Indco implements controls and procedures designed to reduce
 the continuing risk of adverse impacts and environmental, health and safety issues, Indco could incur substantial cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, and third-party property damage or personal injury claims as a result of
 violations, non-compliance or liabilities under these regulatory regimes.

As a manufacturing business, Indco also must comply with federal and state environmental laws and regulations that relate to the manner in which Indco stores and disposes of materials and the related reports that
 Indco is required to file. Indco cannot ensure that it will not incur additional costs to maintain compliance with environmental laws and regulations or that it will not incur significant penalties for failure to be in compliance.

Indco relies on a single location to manufacture its products.

Indco s business operates out of a single location in New Albany, Indiana. Indco employs lean manufacturing techniques and, therefore, carries little inventory. Indco could experience prolonged periods of reduced
 production due to unforeseen catastrophic events occurring in or around its facility in Indiana. As a result, Indco may be unable to shift manufacturing capabilities to alternate locations, accept materials from suppliers, meet customer
 shipment needs or address other severe consequences that may be encountered, and Indco may suffer damage to its reputation. Indco s, and, therefore, Janel s, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected
 were such events to occur.

Risk Factors Related To Ownership of Janel s Common Stock 

A small number of Janel s stockholders have a controlling influence over Janel.

A small number of Janel s stockholders control the vote of approximately 6 7.3 o f the outstanding shares of Janel s common stock as of September 30, 2023, which includes
 Janel common stock such persons can acquire through the exercise of vested options granted to them. As a result, these stockholders could control the election of Janel s directors and, therefore, have the ability to control the affairs of
 Janel. Furthermore, one particular investor in the Company has the right to appoint 50 of the members of Janel s board of directors.

As a result, these few stockholders have controlling influence over, among other things, the ability to amend Janel s certificate of incorporation and bylaws or effect or preclude fundamental corporate
 transactions involving Janel, including the acceptance or rejection of any proposals relating to a merger of Janel or an acquisition of Janel by another entity. The interests of these officers, directors and stockholders may conflict with those
 of other stockholders. This concentration of ownership may also delay, deter or prevent a change in control of Janel, and some transactions may be more difficult or impossible without the support of these parties.

It is unlikely that Janel will issue dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future.

Janel has never declared nor paid cash dividends on its common stock, and it does not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends in the future will be at the discretion of Janel s
 board of directors.

18 

Table of Contents 

Janel s stock price is subject to volatility.

Janel s common stock trades on the Pink tier of the OTC market under the symbol JANL. The market price of Janel s common stock has been subject to significant fluctuations. There is an absence of a true market
 for Janel shares and thus a valid valuation is not readily maintained. This result is caused in part by the concentrated holdings of Janel, which has led to abnormal price volatility. Such fluctuations as well as economic conditions generally
 may adversely affect the market price of Janel s common stock.

Our common stock is not as frequently traded as compared to the volume of trading activity associated with larger companies whose shares trade on the larger national exchanges. Because of this limited liquidity,
 stockholders may be unable to sell their shares at the prices or volumes they desire. As a result, the trading price of our shares may occasionally fluctuate drastically. The trading price may be affected by a number of factors including events
 described in the risk factors set forth in this report as well as our operating results, financial condition, announcements, general conditions in the industry and the financial markets and other events or factors. In recent years, broad stock
 market indices, in general, and smaller capitalization companies, in particular, have experienced substantial price fluctuations. In a volatile market, we may experience wide fluctuations in the market price of our common stock. These
 fluctuations may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock.

We have issued, and may continue to issue, shares of preferred stock with greater rights than our common stock.

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms for those shares without the approval of our stockholders. As of
 September 30, 2023, for example, we had 11,368 shares of Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock outstanding. Any such preferred stock we may issue in the future could rank ahead of our common stock with respect to certain rights or obligations,
 including in terms of dividends and liquidation rights.

Janel has no assurance of a continued public trading market.

Janel s common stock is quoted in the over-the-counter market on the Pink tier of the OTC market and, to the extent the market price of our common stock falls below 5.00 per share, may be subject to the
 low-priced security or so-called penny stock rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities. For any transaction involving a penny stock, the rules require, among other things, the
 delivery, prior to the transaction, of a disclosure schedule required by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and
 current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stocks held in the customer s account. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of
 trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, to the extent we are subject to the penny stock rules, such rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities.
 As a result, characterization as a penny stock can discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of our common stock.

Janel incurs significant costs to comply with the laws and regulations affecting public companies, which could harm its business and results of operations.

Janel is subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes- Oxley Act ), and other
 applicable securities rules and regulations. These rules and regulations have increased, and will continue to increase, Janel s legal, accounting and financial compliance costs and have made, and will continue to make, some activities more
 time-consuming and costly. For example, these rules and regulations could make it more difficult and more costly for Janel to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and Janel may be required to accept reduced policy limits and
 coverage or to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage.

These rules and regulations could also make it more difficult for Janel to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on its board of directors or its board committees or as executive officers. Janel s
 management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm Janel s business and operating results.

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

Not applicable.

ITEM 1C. 

CYBERSECURITY

Not applicable.

19 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES

Janel s executive offices are located in approximately 3,300 square feet of leased space in New York, New York. The lease term ends September 1, 2025.

As of September 30, 2023, Logistics leased 6,900 square feet of office space in Garden City, New York. This location serves as the executive offices of the Logistics segment. The lease term
 ends March 31, 2025.

As of September 30, 2023, Logistics leased twenty-five additional office spaces, some of which are on a month-to-month basis, in sixteen states located in the United States. Lease terms for
 these locations expire at various dates through October 31, 2029.

As of September 30, 2023, Indco owned an approximately 12,600 square-foot manufacturing facility on a 1.2-acre parcel of land in New Albany, Indiana.

As of September 30, 2023, Life Sciences owned an approximately 25,000 square-foot manufacturing facility on a 40-acre parcel of land in Davis, California. The Life Sciences segment also leases
 three other offices in the United States. Lease terms for these locations expire at various dates through February 28, 2034. 

The Company believes that its owned and leased properties are adequate to meet its occupancy needs in the foreseeable future.

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Janel is occasionally subject to claims and lawsuits that typically arise in the normal course of business. While the outcome of these claims cannot be predicted with certainty, management does
 not believe that the outcome of any of these legal matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. The information otherwise called for by this item is incorporated
 herein by reference to Note 19, Risks and Uncertainties, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

20 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

(in thousands, except share and per share data)

Janel Corporation s Common Stock is traded on the Pink tier of the OTC market under the symbol JANL. 

The following table sets forth the high and low bid prices for the common stock for each full quarterly period during the fiscal years indicated. The prices reflect the high and low bid prices
 as available through the Pink tier of the OTC market and represent prices between dealers. They do not reflect retailer markups, markdowns or commissions and may not represent actual transactions.

Fiscal Year 2023

Fiscal Year 2022

Fiscal Quarter

High

Low

High

Low

First Quarter, ended December 31,

49.00

36.00

29.00

15.52

Second Quarter, ended March 31,

39.00

28.00

52.00

16.75

Third Quarter, ended June 30,

34.00

25.00

47.00

25.00

Fourth Quarter, ended September 30,

28.25

21.00

57.11

28.00

On September 30, 2023, the Company had 59 holders of its shares of common stock. This amount
 does not include street name holders or beneficial holders of our common stock, whose holders of record are banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 

The closing price of the common stock on September 30, 2023 was 28.25 per share.

Common Stock Dividends

We have not declared, and currently do not plan to declare in the foreseeable future, dividends on our common stock.

Common Stock

On August 10, 2022, the Company issued 88,888 shares of its Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, at a purchase price of 45 per share (the closing sale price per share of Common Stock on
 August 9, 2022) as reported on the Pink tier of the OTC market, or an aggregate purchase price of 4,000. The Shares were sold to accredited investors in a private placement in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section
 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock Series C Stock 

On March 31, 2022, the Company purchased 4,687 shares of the Series C Stock from two holders at a purchase price of 500 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends, or an aggregate of 3,000,
 and exchanged 4,905 shares of Series C Stock plus accrued and unpaid dividends from one holder, for the issuance of 65,205 shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share valued at 47.00 per share of Common Stock (the closing
 price for the Common Stock on March 30, 2022), or a total value of 3,065. The Company had 11,368 shares of Series C Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2023.

ITEM 6. 

RESERVED

21 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Our discussions below in this Item 7 should be read along with Janel s audited financial statements and related notes thereto as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 and for each of the two years in
 the period ended September 30, 2023 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

INTRODUCTION 

Janel is a holding company with subsidiaries in three business segments: Logistics, Life Sciences and Manufacturing. The Company strives to create shareholder value primarily through three
 strategic priorities: supporting its businesses efforts to make investments and to build long-term profits, allocating Janel s capital at higher risk-adjusted rates of return and attracting and retaining exceptional talent. Management at the
 holding company level focuses on significant capital allocation decisions and corporate governance. Janel expects to grow through its subsidiaries organic growth and by completing acquisitions. We plan to either acquire businesses within our
 existing segments or expand our portfolio into new strategic segments. Our acquisition strategy focuses on reasonably-priced companies with strong and capable management teams, attractive existing business economics and stable and predictable
 earnings power.

Year Ended September 30, 2023 Acquisitions 

On May 22, 2023, the Company acquired all the rights, title and interests to a royalty agreement for certain antibody products, which we include in our Life Sciences segment.

On March 2, 2023, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired all of the outstanding stock of Stephen Hall, PhD Ltd., which we include in our Life Sciences segment.

On November 1, 2022, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired all of the outstanding stock of ImmunoBioScience Corporation, which we include in our Life Sciences
 segment.

Year Ended September 30, 2022 Acquisitions 

On August 15, 2022, the Company completed a business combination whereby it acquired all of the membership interests of ECM Biosciences LLC, which we include in our Life Sciences segment.

Investment in Marketable Securities - Rubicon 

On August 19, 2022, the Company acquired 1,108,000 shares of the common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of Rubicon Technology, Inc. Rubicon ), at a price per share of 20.00, in a cash
 tender offer made pursuant to the Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, between the Company and Rubicon (the Rubicon Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Rubicon Purchase Agreement, the acquired shares represented
 45.0 of Rubicon s issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of August 3, 2022, as reported in Rubicon s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022. The Company owned
 approximately 46.6 of Rubicon s issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of September 30, 2023.

Results of Operations Janel Corporation 

Our results of operations and period-over-period changes are discussed in the following section. The tables and discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated
 Financial Statements and the notes thereto appearing in Item 8.

Refer to Item 7. Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in ou r Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022 , filed on December 9, 2022,
 for a comparison of fiscal year 2022 results of operation s to the fiscal year 2021 results of operations, which specific discussion is incorporated herein by reference. 

Our condensed consolidated results of operations are as follows:

22 

Table of Contents 

Financial Summary

Fiscal years ended September 30,

(in thousands)

2023

2022

Revenue

186,449

316,863

Forwarding expenses and cost of revenues

130,777

250,666

Gross profit

55,672

66,197

Operating expenses

53,073

56,699

Income from operations

2,599

9,498

Net income (loss)

723

(2,138

Adjusted operating income (1)

5,353

12,797

Consolidated revenues for the year ended September 30, 2023 were 186,449, or 41.2 lower than fiscal 2022. Revenues decreased primarily due to lower freight prices in our Logistics segment as
 a result of lower freight demand relative to improved global transportation capacity. Income from operations for fiscal 2023 was 2,599 compared to income from operations of 9,498 for fiscal 2022, a decrease of 6,899, largely as a result of
 lower profits across our business segments, especially at our Logistics segment, which benefited from unusually high demand in the prior fiscal year. Adjusted operating income for fiscal 2023 decreased to 5,353 versus 12,797 in the prior fiscal
 year primarily due to an overall decrease in profits at our business segments.

The Company s net income for the year ended September 30, 2023 totaled 723 or 0.36 per diluted share, compared to net loss of 2,138) or 2.07) per diluted share for the year ended
 September 30, 2022. The increase in net income was largely due to a smaller non-cash mark-to-market write down of an equity investment, a change in fair value of an earnout and an income tax benefit, partially offset by lower profits in our
 business segments and higher interest expense.

(1) The following table sets forth a reconciliation of income from operations to adjusted operating income:

Adjusted Operating Income

Fiscal years ended September 30,

(in thousands)

2023

2022

Income from operations

2,599

9,498

Amortization of intangible assets

2,098

1,975

Stock-based compensation

231

832

Cost recognized on sale of acquired inventory

425

492

Adjusted operating income

5,353

12,797

23 

Table of Contents 

BUSINESS PERFORMANCE 

Results of Operations Logistics 

Our Logistics business helps its clients move and manage freight efficiently to reduce inventories and to increase supply chain speed and reliability. Key services include arrangement of freight forwarding by air,
 ocean and ground, customs entry filing, warehousing, cargo insurance procurement, logistics planning, product repacking and online shipment tracking.

Financial Summary

Fiscal years ended September 30,

(in thousands)

2023

2022

Revenue

166,052

295,343

Forwarding expense

123,938

242,946

Gross profit

42,114

52,397

Gross profit margin

25.4

17.7

Selling, general and administrative expenses

37,310

40,075

Income from operations

4,804

12,322

Fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 

Revenue

Total revenue in fiscal 2023 was 166,052 as compared to 295,343 in fiscal 2022, a decrease of 129,291 or 43.8 . Revenues decreased primarily due to lower freight prices as a result of lower
 freight demand relative to improved global transportation capacity. Lower prices for ocean, air and trucking services led to a decrease in both gross revenue and forwarding expenses. Compared to fiscal 2022, during fiscal 2023, our volume, as
 measured in ocean freight by twenty-foot equivalent units, fell 25 , air freight volume as measured by metric tons fell 25 and customs entries fell 16 .

Gross Profit

Gross profit in fiscal 2023 was 42,114, a decrease of 10,283, or 19.6 , as compared to 52,397 in fiscal 2022. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue increased to 25.4 compared to 17.7 for
 the prior fiscal year, primarily because gross profit declined at a slower rate compared with gross revenue, which declined more significantly due to lower freight prices.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2023 were 37,310 as compared to 40,075 in fiscal 2022. The decrease of 2,765, or 6.9 , was mainly due to lower personnel expenses and a
 recovery of previously expensed bad debt. As a percentage of gross revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses were 22.5 and 13.6 for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. The increase in selling, general and administrative
 expenses as a percentage of revenue largely reflected the decrease in transportation rates and its impact on revenue.

Income from Operations

Income from operations decreased to 4,804 in fiscal 2023 compared to 12,322 in fiscal 2022. Income from operations decreased as a result of lower transportation volume and prices partially
 offset by lower personnel expense. Operating margin as a percentage of gross profit was 11.4 in fiscal 2023 compared to 23.5 in fiscal 2022, largely due to lower gross profits.

24 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations - Life Sciences 

The Company s Life Sciences segment manufactures and distributes high-quality monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies, diagnostic reagents and other immunoreagents for biomedical research and provides antibody
 manufacturing for academic and industry research scientists. Our Life Sciences business also produces products for other life science companies on an OEM basis.

Financial Summary

Fiscal years ended September 30,

(in thousands)

2023

2022

Revenue

11,059

11,625

Cost of sales

1,951

2,441

Cost recognized upon sale of acquired inventory

425

492

Gross profit

8,683

8,692

Gross profit margin

78.5

74.8

Selling, general and administrative expenses

6,149

5,421

Income from operations

2,534

3,271

Fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 

Revenue

Total revenue was 11,059 in fiscal 2023 compared with 11,625 in fiscal 2022. Revenue decreased 4.9 or 566 primarily related to lower demand for diagnostic reagents, partially offset by
 current year acquisitions. Organic growth excluding acquisition revenue declined 1,408, or 12.1 as COVID-19 pandemic-related revenue declined in fiscal 2023.

Gross Profit

Gross profit was 8,683 and 8,692 for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively, relatively consistent with prior year. In the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Life Sciences
 segment had a gross profit margin of 78.5 and 74.8 , respectively. The increase in gross profit margin resulted from an improvement in product mix.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Life Sciences segment were 6,149 and 5,421 for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. The year-over-year increase was due to additional
 expenses from acquired businesses. As a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses were 55.6 and 46.6 for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively.

Income from Operations

The Life Sciences business earned 2,534 and 3,271 in income from operations for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. The decrease in income from operations was primarily due to lower demand
 for diagnostic reagents and additional expenses from acquired businesses. As a result of these factors, income from operations as a percentage of revenue declined from 28.1 in fiscal year 2022 to 22.9 in fiscal year 2023.

25 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations - Manufacturing 

The Company s Manufacturing segment reflects its majority-owned Indco subsidiary, which manufactures and distributes industrial mixing equipment.

Financial Summary

Fiscal years ended September 30,

(in thousands)

2023

2022

Revenue

9,338

9,895

Cost of sales

4,463

4,787

Gross profit

4,875

5,108

Gross profit margin

52.2

51.6

Selling, general and administrative expenses

2,978

3,095

Income from operations

1,897

2,013

Fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 

Revenue

Total revenue was 9,338 in fiscal 2023 compared with 9,895 in fiscal 2022, a decrease of 5.6 . The revenue decline largely reflected a decrease in volume across the business, offset in part
 by higher product pricing.

Gross Profit

Gross profit was 4,875 and 5,108 for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. The year-over-year decline in gross profit reflected a decrease in sales volume. Gross profit margin for the
 Manufacturing segment during fiscal 2023 was 52.2 , as compared to 51.6 , in fiscal 2022. The increase in gross profit margin was generally due to a favorable product mix shift.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Manufacturing segment were 2,978 and 3,095 for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively, a decrease of 117, or 3.8 . As a percentage of
 gross revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses were 31.9 and 31.3 for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively, consistent with prior year.

Income from Operations

Income from operations for fiscal 2023 was 1,897 compared to 2,013 in fiscal 2022, representing a 5.8 decrease compared to the prior fiscal year and consistent with the decline in revenue.

26 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations Corporate and Other 

Below is a reconciliation of income from operating segments to net (loss) available to common stockholders:

Years Ended

 September 30,

2023

2022

(In thousands)

Total income from operating segments

9,235

17,606

Corporate expenses

(4,331

(5,342

Amortization expense

(2,098

(1,976

Stock-based compensation

(207

(790

Total Corporate expenses

(6,636

(8,108

Interest expense

(1,998

(1,276

Change in fair value of mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest

(135

411

Fair value adjustments to Rubicon investment (net of dividends)

(798

(7,601

Change in fair value of earnout

857

(980

Net income before taxes

525

52

Income tax benefit (expense)

198

(2,190

Net Income (loss)

723

(2,138

Preferred stock dividends

(284

(586

Non-controlling interest dividends

(404

Net income (loss) Available to Common Stockholders

439

(3,128

Total Corporate Expenses

Corporate expenses, which include amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation and merger and acquisition expenses, decreased by 1,472 to 6,636, or 18.2 , in
 fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. The decrease was due primarily to lower stock-based compensation expense and lower accounting and merger and acquisition related professional expense, offset in part by current year increases in
 amortization of intangible expenses. We incur merger and acquisition deal-related expenses and intangible amortization at the Corporate level rather than at the segment level. 

Interest Expense

Interest expense for the consolidated company increased 722, or 56.6 , to 1,998 in fiscal 2023 from 1,276 in fiscal 2022. The increase was primarily due to higher interest rates, partially
 offset by lower average debt outstanding.

Income Tax Expense

On a consolidated basis, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of 198 in fiscal 2023, as compared to an income tax expense of 2,190) in fiscal 2022. The decrease in income tax expense
 was primarily due to a decrease in pretax income.

Preferred Stock Dividends

Preferred stock dividends include the Company s Series C Stock and dividends accrued but not paid. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, preferred stock dividends were 284
 and 586, respectively. Preferred stock dividends for fiscal 2023 decreased 302, or 51.5 , compared to fiscal 2022 as a result of the Company retiring 6,000 of Series C Preferred Stock on March 31, 2022 and due to a decrease in the annual
 dividend rate from 9 to 5 . Dividends accrued but not paid on the Company s Series C Stock were 2,029 and 1,745 as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Net Income (loss)

Net income (loss) was 723, or 0.60 per diluted share, for fiscal 2023 and 2,138), or 2.07) per diluted share, for fiscal year 2022. The increase in net income was primarily due to a
 smaller non-cash mark-to-market write-down of an equity investment, a change in fair value of an earnout, lower stock-based compensation and an income tax benefit offset by lower profits in our business segments and higher interest expense.

27 

Table of Contents 

Net income (loss) Available to Common Stockholders

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders was 439 or 0.36 per diluted share for fiscal 2023 and 3,128) or 3.03) per diluted share for fiscal 2022. The increase in net income
 available to common stockholders was largely due to a smaller non-cash mark-to-market write-down of an equity investment, a change in fair value of an earnout, lower stock-based compensation and an income tax benefit offset by lower profits in
 our business segments and higher interest expense as well as lower preferred stock dividends and the absence of dividends to non-controlling shareholders.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

General 

Our ability to satisfy liquidity requirements including satisfying debt obligations and funding working capital, day-to-day operating expenses and capital expenditures depends
 upon future performance , which is subject to general economic conditions, competition and other factors, some of which are beyond Janel s control. Our Logistics segment depends on commercial credit
 facilities to fund day-to-day operations, as there is a difference between the timing of collection cycles and the timing of payments to vendors. 

As a customs broker, our Logistics segment makes significant cash advances for a select group of our credit-worthy customers. These cash advances are for customer obligations, such as the
 payment of duties and taxes to customs authorities primarily in the United States. Increases in duty rates could result in increases in the amounts we advance on behalf of our customers. Cash advances are a pass through and are not recorded as
 a component of revenue or expense. The billings of such advances to customers are accounted for as a direct increase in accounts receivable from the customer and a corresponding increase in accounts payable to governmental customs authorities.
 These pass through billings can influence our traditional credit collection metrics. For customers that meet certain criteria, we have agreed to extend payment terms beyond our customary terms. Management believes that it has established
 effective credit control procedures and has historically experienced relatively insignificant collection problems.

Janel s cash flow performance for the 2023 fiscal year may not necessarily be indicative of future cash flow performance.

As of September 30, 2023, and compared with the prior fiscal year, the Company s cash and cash equivalents decreased by 4,130, or 62.7 , to 2,461 from 6,591 as of September 30, 2022. During
 the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, Janel s net working capital deficiency (current assets less current liabilities) decreased by 6,407, from 13,143) at September 30, 2022 to 19,550) at September 30, 2023.

Cash flows from operating activities

Net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 was 11,388 and 12,107, respectively. The decrease in cash provided by operations for the year ended September 30, 2023 was driven principally by lower net income, deferred income tax provision, change in fair value of an earnout and an increase in prepaid expenses,
 partially offset by the timing of cash collections for accounts receivables and cash payments on accounts payable primarily in our Logistics segment for the year ended September 30, 2023. 

Cash flows from investing activities

Net cash used in investing activities, mainly for the acquisition of subsidiaries, was 6,500 for fiscal 2023 and 11,469 for fiscal 2022. Net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2023
 related to the two acquisitions in our Life Sciences segment and earnout payments the former owners of ELFS. The fiscal 2022 amount was associated with the Rubicon investment (net of dividend) and one Life Sciences acquisition. The Company also
 used 360 for the acquisition of property and equipment for the year ended September 30, 2023 compared to 551 for the year ended September 30, 2022.

Cash flows from financing activities

Net cash (used in) financing activities was 9,018) for fiscal 2023 and 281) for fiscal 2022. Net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2023 primarily included repayment of our term
 loan and line of credit. Net cash provided by financing activities in fiscal year 2022 primarily included proceeds from an increase in our amended term loan and proceeds from our private placement offering, offset in part by repayments on our
 line of credit and repurchase of Series C Preferred Stock.

28 

Table of Contents 

Credit Facilities 

Logistics

Santander Bank Facility

The wholly-owned subsidiaries that comprise the Company s Logistics segment (collectively, the Janel Group Borrowers ), with the Company as a guarantor, have a Loan and Security Agreement
 (as amended, the Santander Loan Agreement with Santander with respect to a revolving line of credit facility (the Santander Facility ). The Santander Loan Agreement was amended on March 31, 2022 to provide for, among other changes, the
 following: (i) the maximum revolving facility amount available was increased from 30,000 to 31,500 (limited to 85 of the borrowers eligible accounts receivable borrowing base and reserves, subject to adjustments set forth in the Santander
 Loan Agreement) (ii) the LIBOR basis on which interest under the Santander Loan Agreement was calculated under certain circumstances was changed to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR and interest on the Santander Facility accrues at
 an annual rate equal to the one-month SOFR plus 2.75 ; (iii) a one-time increase from 1,000 to 3,000 in the amount the Company was permitted to distribute to holders of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock if specified conditions are met 
 and (iv) the amount of indebtedness of the Company s Antibodies Incorporated subsidiary that the Company was permitted to guaranty was increased from 2,920 to 5,000.

On July 13, 2022, the Santander Loan Agreement was further amended by a Consent, Waiver and Second Amendment (the Second Santander Amendment to (i) increase the maximum revolving facility
 amount available to 35,000 (limited to 85 of the Janel Group Borrowers eligible accounts receivable borrowing base and reserves, subject to adjustments set forth in the Santander Loan Agreement) and (ii) provide for a new bridge term loan to
 the Company in the principal amount of up to 12,000 (the Bridge Facility to be funded in connection with the acquisition (the Rubicon Transaction )by the Company of up to 45 of the outstanding shares of Rubicon Technology, Inc.
 Rubicon ). The Bridge Facility was drawn on August 18, 2022 and matured on the earlier to occur of (i) twenty (20) business days following the funding of the Bridge Facility and (ii) the date of funding of the dividend to be paid by Rubicon
 in connection with the Rubicon Transaction. The Company repaid the Bridge Facility in full on August 30, 2022. The Second Santander Amendment also contained a one-time waiver and consent to (a) the consummation of the Rubicon Transaction, and
 (b) a dividend of 2,500 to be paid by Janel Group, Inc., (the Janel Group to the Company.

On January 30, 2023, the Santander Loan Agreement was further amended by the Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the Third Santander Amendment ). As
 amended by the terms of the Third Santander Amendment, the percentage of the Borrowers eligible accounts receivable used to calculate the borrowing base under the Loan Agreement was increased from 85 to 90 for Domestic Insured Accounts (as
 defined in the Amendment), subject to adjustments set forth in the Loan Agreement.

On April 25, 2023, in connection with an amendment to the Credit Agreement entered into with First Merchants Bank First Merchant as described further below, we entered into the Fourth
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the Fourth Santander Amendment ). The Fourth Santander Amendment (i) included modifications to address the amendments made to the First Merchants Credit Facilities (as defined
 below) and the consolidation of the debt thereunder and (ii) terminated the subordination agreement relating to the Company s guarantee of the First Merchant s Credit Facilities.

On August 22, 2023, we entered into the Fifth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the Fifth Santander Amendment ). The Fifth Santander Amendment permitted
 certain unsecured guaranties by the Company in the ordinary course of business guarantying obligations of subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed 4,000 and related modifications to certain negative covenants.

The Santander Loan Agreement matures on September 21, 2026. Interest accrues on the Santander Facility at an annual rate equal to the one-month SOFR plus 2.75 . The Janel Group Borrowers 
 obligations under the Santander Facility are secured by all of the assets of the Janel Group Borrowers, while the Santander Loan Agreement contains customary terms and covenants. As a result of its terms, the Santander Facility is classified as
 a current liability on the consolidated balance sheet.

At September 30, 2023, outstanding borrowings under the Santander Facility were 18,759, representing 53.6 of the 35,000 available thereunder, and interest was accruing at an effective
 interest rate of 7.60 .

At September 30, 2022, outstanding borrowings under the Santander Facility were 26,396, representing 75.4 of the 35,000 available thereunder, and interest was accruing at an effective
 interest rate of 5.79 .

The Company was in compliance with the financial covenants defined in the Santander Loan Agreement at both September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022.

29 

Table of Contents 

Working Capital Requirements

Through September 30, 2023, the Logistics segment s cash needs were met by the Santander Facility and cash on hand. As of September 30, 2023, the Logistics segment had, subject to collateral
 availability, 1,622 available for future borrowings under its 35,000 Santander Facility and 906 in cash.

The Company believes that its current financial resources will be sufficient to finance the operations and obligations (current and long-term liabilities) of the Logistics segment for the
 short- and long-term. However, the actual working capital needs of the Logistics segment will depend upon numerous factors, including operating results; the costs associated with growing the Logistics segment, either organically or through
 acquisitions; competition and availability under the Santander Facility, none of which can be predicted with certainty. If cash flow and available credit are not sufficient to fund working capital, the operations of the Logistics segment will be
 materially negatively impacted.

Life Sciences and Manufacturing

First Merchants Bank Credit Facility

On February 29, 2016, Indco entered into a Credit Agreement (as amended, the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement with First Merchants.

On August 1, 2022, Indco and First Merchants entered into Amendment No. 3 to the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement, modifying the terms of Indco s credit facilities. Under the revised
 terms, the credit facilities consisted of a 5,500 term loan, a 1,000 (limited to the borrowing base and reserves) revolving loan, and the continuation of a mortgage loan in the original principal amount of 680 (collectively, the Prior First
 Merchants Facility ). Interest accrued on the term loan at an annual rate equal to one-month adjusted term SOFR plus either 2.75 (if Indco s total funded debt to EBITDA ratio was less than 2:1), or 3.5 (if Indco s total funded debt to EBITDA
 ratio was greater than or equal to 2:1). Interest accrued on the revolving loan at an annual rate equal to one-month adjusted term SOFR plus 2.75 . Interest accrued on the mortgage loan at an annual rate of 4.19 . Indco s obligations under the
 Prior First Merchants Credit Facility were secured by all of Indco s real property and other assets, and are guaranteed by Janel, and Janel s guarantee of Indco s obligations was secured by a pledge of Janel s Indco shares.

On April 25, 2023, Indco and certain other Subsidiaries of the Company that are part of the Life Science and Manufacturing segments (together with Indco, the Borrowers and each, a
 Borrower ), entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with First Merchants. The Credit Agreement constitutes an amendment and restatement of the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement. The credit facilities provided under the
 Credit Agreement (the First Merchants Credit Facilities consist of a 3,000 revolving loan (limited to the borrowing base and reserves), a 5,000 acquisition loan, a 6,905 Term A loan and a 620 Term B loan as a continuation of the mortgage
 loan under the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement. Interest accrues on the outstanding revolving loan, Term A loan and acquisition loan at an annual rate equal to one-month adjusted term SOFR plus either (i) 2.75 (if the Borrowers total
 funded debt to EBITDA ratio is less or equal to 1.75:1) or (ii) 3.50 (if the Borrowers total funded debt to EBITDA ratio is greater than to 1.75:1). Interest accrues on the Term B loan at an annual rate of 4.19 . The Borrowers obligations
 under the First Merchants Credit Facilities are secured by all of the Borrowers real property and other assets, and are guaranteed by the Company, and the Company s guarantee of the Borrowers obligations is secured by a pledge of the Company s
 equity interests in certain of the Borrowers. The revolving loan portion will expire on August 1, 2027, the Term A loan portion will mature on April 25, 2033, the Term B loan portion will mature on July 1, 2025 and the acquisition loan will
 permit multiple draws until October 25, 2024, at which point the outstanding principal amount will amortize, with all remaining amounts due at maturity of the acquisition loan on April 25, 2029; each of the foregoing maturities, subject to
 earlier termination as provided in the Credit Agreement and unless renewed or extended.

As of September 30, 2023, there were 500 of outstanding borrowings under the acquisition loan, 450 of outstanding borrowings under the revolving loan, 6,235 of outstanding borrowings under
 the Term A loan and 610 of outstanding borrowings under the Term B loan, with interest accruing on the acquisition loan and revolving loan at an effective interest rate of 8.18 and on the Term A loan and Term B loan at an effective interest
 rate of 8.18 and 4.19 , respectively.

As of September 30, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving loan under the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement, 5,420 of borrowings under the term loan under the
 Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement, and 631 of borrowings under the mortgage loan under the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement with interest accruing on such term loan and mortgage loan at an effective interest rate of 6.63 and 4.19 ,
 respectively.

The Company was in compliance with the financial covenants defined in the First Merchants Credit Agreement at September 30, 2023 and the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement at September 30,
 2022.

30 

Table of Contents 

Working Capital Requirements

Life Sciences and Manufacturing s cash needs are currently met by the Term A loan, Term B loan, revolving loan and acquisition loan under the First Merchants Credit Facilities and cash on hand.
 As of September 30, 2023, Life Sciences and Manufacturing had 2,550 available under its 3,000 revolving loan and had 4,500 available under its 5,000 acquisition loan subject to collateral availability and 1,101 and 266 in cash,
 respectively. The Company believes that the current financial resources will be sufficient to finance the Life Sciences and Manufacturing segment s operations and obligations (current and long-term liabilities) for the long and short- term.
 However, actual working capital needs will depend upon numerous factors, including operating results; the cost associated with growing the Life Sciences and Manufacturing segments, either organically or through acquisitions; competition; and
 availability under the revolving credit facility, none of which can be predicted with certainty. If cash flow and available credit are not sufficient to fund working capital, Life Sciences and Manufacturing s operations will be materially
 negatively impacted.

Life Sciences

First Northern Bank of Dixon

Antibodies Incorporated Antibodies ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Business Loan Agreement (as amended, the First Northern Loan Agreement with First Northern
 Bank of Dixon First Northern on June 21, 2018. The First Northern Loan Agreement provided for a 2,235 term loan (the First Northern Term Loan and a 750 revolving credit facility (the First Northern Revolving Loan ).

Antibodies also entered into two separate business loan agreements with First Northern: a 125 term loan in connection with a potential expansion of solar generation capacity on the Antibodies
 property (the First Northern Solar Loan on November 18, 2019 and a 60 term loan in connection with a potential expansion of generator capacity on the Antibodies property (the First Northern Generator Loan on June 19, 2020.

On April 25, 2023, each of the First Northern Term Loan, the First Northern Revolving Loan, the First Northern Solar Loan and the First Northern Generator Loan was paid in full with the
 proceeds provided by the First Merchants Credit Facilities and the First Merchants Loan Agreement. In connection with the repayment, each business loan agreement governing such First Northern loans was terminated and all liens granted to First
 Northern in connection with the First Northern Loan Agreement and such business loan agreements on any property of Antibodies were released. Antibodies has no further obligations owing to First Northern in connection with the First Northern Loan
 Agreement and such business loan agreements.

As of September 30, 2022, the total amount outstanding under the First Northern Term Loan was 2,084, of which 2,027 is included in long-term debt and 57 is included in current portion of
 long-term debt, with interest accruing at an effective interest rate of 4.18 .

As of September 30, 2022, the total amount outstanding under the First Northern Solar Loan was 23, of which 15 is included in long-term debt and 8 is included in current portion of long-term
 debt, with interest accruing at an effective interest rate of 4.43 .

As of September 30, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings under the First Northern Revolving Loan.

The Company was in compliance with the financial covenants defined in the First Northern Loan Agreement at April 25, 2023.

CURRENT OUTLOOK 

The results of operations in the Logistics, Life Sciences and Manufacturing segments are affected by the general economic cycle, particularly as it influences global trade levels and
 specifically the import and export activities of our Logistics segment s various current and prospective customers. Historically, the Company s annual results of operations have been subject to seasonal trends which have been the result of, or
 influenced by, numerous factors including climate, national holidays, consumer demand, economic conditions, the growth and diversification of the segment s international network and service offerings and other similar and subtle forces.

31 

Table of Contents 

The Company cannot accurately forecast many of these factors, nor can it estimate accurately the relative influence of any particular factor and, as a result, there can be no assurance that
 historical patterns, if any, will continue in future periods.

The Company s subsidiaries are implementing business strategies to grow revenue and profitability for fiscal 2024 and beyond. Our Logistics strategy calls for additional branch offices,
 introduction of new revenue streams for existing locations, sales force expansion, additional acquisitions and a continued focus on implementing lean methodologies to contain operating expenses.

Our Life Sciences and Manufacturing segments expect to introduce new product lines and wider distribution and promotion of their products with internet sales efforts. In addition to supporting
 its subsidiaries growth plans, the Company may seek to grow by entering new business segments through acquisition.

Certain elements of the Company s profitability and growth strategy, including proposals for acquisition and accelerating revenue growth, are contingent upon the availability of adequate
 financing on terms acceptable to the Company.

Without adequate equity and/or debt financing, the implementation of significant aspects of the Company s strategic growth plan may be deferred beyond the originally anticipated timing, and the
 Company s operations may be materially negatively impacted.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Our accounting policies are described in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, included herein, which contains a summary of the significant accounting policies and methods used
 in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Our financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ), which require us to make estimates and assumptions that
 affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the year. Actual results could differ from
 those estimates. We consider the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing our financial statements and the uncertainties that could impact our results of operations, financial
 condition and cash flows.

Business Combinations and Related Acquired Intangible Assets and Goodwill . We record all tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 in a business combination at fair value as of the acquisition date in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805 Business Combinations. Acquisition date fair value represents the price that would be received to sell an asset or
 paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants as measured on the acquisition date. The valuations are based on information that existed as of the acquisition date. During the measurement period, which shall
 not exceed one year from the acquisition date, we may adjust provisional amounts recorded for assets acquired and liabilities assumed to reflect new information that we have subsequently obtained regarding facts and circumstances that existed as
 of the acquisition date. Such fair value assessments require judgments and estimates, which may cause final amounts to differ materially from original estimates.

As part of acquisitions of businesses, we acquired certain identifiable intangible assets, which are valued as of the acquisition date using a discounted cash flow DCF model. Key
 assumptions in the DCF model include (i) future revenues, (ii) earnings before interest, taxes depreciation and amortization EBITDA and (iii) the weighted average cost of capital discount rate. Estimated future revenues include assumptions
 about our ability to renew contracts in a competitive bidding process. A decrease in revenues or gross and EBITDA margins may adversely affect the value of identifiable intangible assets. The discount rate focuses on rates of return for equity
 and debt and is calculated using public information from selected guideline companies. The magnitude of the discount rate reflects the perceived risk of an investment. A change in the estimated risk of the acquired company cash flows would change
 the discount rate, which in turn could significantly affect the valuation of acquired identifiable intangible assets.

The excess amount of the aggregated purchase consideration paid over the fair value of the net of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is
 evaluated for impairment annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change, such as material deterioration in performance that would indicate an impairment may exist. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we changed
 the date of our annual impairment test of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets from September 30 to July 1. When evaluating goodwill for impairment, we may first perform a qualitative assessment
 step zero of the impairment test) to determine whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit is impaired. If we decide not to perform a qualitative assessment, or if we determine that it is more likely than not the carrying amount
 of a reporting unit exceeds its the fair value, then we perform a quantitative assessment step one of the impairment test) and calculate the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the
 estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recorded to reduce the carrying amount to its estimated fair value. The decision to perform a qualitative impairment assessment in a given year is influenced by a number of factors, including
 the significance of the excess of the reporting units estimated fair value over carrying amount at the last quantitative assessment date, the amount of time in between quantitative fair value assessments and the date of our acquisitions. 

32 

Table of Contents 

No indicators of impairment were identified from the date of our annual impairment test through September 30, 2023.

A qualitative assessment is performed for intangibles and long-lived assets to determine if there are any indicators that the carrying amount might not be recovered. A quantitative analysis may
 be performed in order to test the intangibles and long-lived assets for impairment. If a quantitative analysis is necessary, an income approach, specifically a relief from royalty method, is used to estimate the fair value of the intangibles and
 long-lived assets. Principal factors used in the relief from royalty method that require judgment are projected net sales, discount rates, royalty rates and terminal growth assumptions.

The estimated fair value of each intangible and long-lived assets is compared to its carrying amount to determine if impairment exists. If the carrying amount of a intangibles and long-lived
 assets exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recorded to reduce the carrying amount of the intangibles and long-lived assets. No indicators of impairment of our intangibles and long-lived assets were identified from the
 date of our annual impairment test through September 30, 2023.

RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 

The recent accounting standards is discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report.

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 

While we prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we also utilize and present certain financial measures, in particular adjusted operating income, which is not based on or
 included in U.S. GAAP (we refer to these as non-GAAP financial measures ).

Organic Growth

Our non-GAAP financial measure of organic growth represents revenue growth excluding revenue from acquisitions within the preceding 12 months. The organic growth presentation provides useful
 period-to-period comparison of revenue results as it excludes revenue from acquisitions that would not be included in the comparable prior period.

Adjusted Operating Income

As a result of our acquisition strategy, our net income includes material non-cash charges relating to the amortization of customer-related intangible assets in the ordinary course of business
 as well as other intangible assets acquired in our acquisitions. Although these charges may increase as we complete more acquisitions, we believe we will be growing the value of our intangible assets such as customer relationships. Because these
 charges are not indicative of our operations, we believe that adjusted operating income is a useful financial measure for investors because it eliminates the effect of these non-cash costs and provides an important metric for our business that is
 more representative of the actual results of our operations.

Adjusted operating income (which excludes the non-cash impact of amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation and cost recognized on the sale of acquired inventory valuation) is
 used by management as a supplemental performance measure to assess our business s ability to generate cash and economic returns.

Adjusted operating income is a non-GAAP measure of income and does not include the effects of preferred stock dividends, interest and taxes.

We believe that organic growth and adjusted operating income provide useful information in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as management. However, organic
 growth and adjusted operating income are not financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as a substitute for total revenue, operating income or any other operating performance measures calculated in
 accordance with U.S. GAAP. Using these non-GAAP financial measures to analyze our business has material limitations because the calculations are based on the subjective determination of management regarding the nature and classification of events
 and circumstances that users of the financial statements may find significant.

In addition, although other companies in our industry may report measures titled organic growth, adjusted operating income or similar measures, such non-GAAP financial measures may be
 calculated differently from how we calculate our non-GAAP financial measures, which reduces their overall usefulness as comparative measures. Because of these limitations, you should consider organic growth and adjusted operating income alongside
 other financial performance measures, including total revenue, operating income and our other financial results presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

33 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

Consistent with the rules applicable to smaller reporting companies , we have omitted the information required by Item 7A.

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The financial statements and supplementary data required by this Item 8 are included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and set forth in the pages indicated in Item 15(a) of
 this Annual Report and are incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES

None.

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Janel maintains a system of disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to provide reasonable assurance that information, which is required to be disclosed in the reports that it files
 or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and is accumulated and communicated to management, including its Chief Executive Officer and
 Principal Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. The
 Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2023,
 and based on their evaluation, has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule
 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer and effected by our board of directors, management and other
 personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: (i)
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
 preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company and (iii) provide reasonable
 assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
 financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
 of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, we have performed an evaluation of the effectiveness
 of our internal control over financial reporting under the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Commission. Based on this
 assessment, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2023.

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
 subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption provided to issuers that are neither large accelerated filers nor accelerated filers under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
 Protection Act.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
 materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

34 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION

None.

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

PART III 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Directors and Executive Officers 

The current executive officers and directors of the Company are as follows:

Name

Age

Position

Darren C. Seirer

49

Board Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

John Eidinger

43

Board Vice Chairman

Gerard van Kesteren

74

Director, Chair of Audit Committee

Karen Miller Ryan

59

Director, Chair of Compensation Committee

Gregory J. Melsen

71

Director, Chair of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

John J. Gonzalez, II

73

Director, Senior Advisor for Mergers and Acquisitions

Gregory B. Graves

63

Director

Vincent A. Verde

61

Principal Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

Darren C. Seirer has served as Board Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January 1, 2023. Mr. Seirer has been a
 private investor since 2019 and he has served as an advisor to the Company since 2021. Mr. Seirer was previously at Select Equity Group, L.P. from 1993 to 2019. Mr. Seirer has served as a director of Rubicon Technology, an investment of the
 Company. Mr. Seirer is well-qualified to serve as a member of the Company s board of directors based on his extensive experience in financial services and mergers and acquisitions.

John Eidinger has served as Vice Chairman of the Board since January 1, 2023. Since 2019, Mr. Eidinger has advised and assisted the Company in business
 development. Previously, Mr. Eidinger was a private investor. From 2011 until 2017, Mr. Eidinger was an associate portfolio manager from Select Equity Group, L.P. Mr. Eidinger is well-qualified to serve as a member of the Company s board of
 directors based on his extensive experience in financial services and mergers and acquisitions.

Gerard van Kesteren has served as a Director of Janel since November 2015. From 1999 until 2014, Mr. van Kesteren served as the Chief Financial Officer
 of Kuehne + Nagel Group, an international freight forwarder and leading global provider of innovative and fully integrated supply chain solutions. Mr. van Kesteren has served as a director of Raben Group NV (Netherlands) and Planzer Holding AG
 (Switzerland) since 2015, and CTP NV (Netherlands) since 2021 and Deufol SE (Germany) since 2022. Mr. van Kesteren is well-qualified to serve as a member of the Company s board of directors based on his extensive experience in the freight
 forwarding and logistics industry. Mr. van Kesteren serves as the chair of the Audit Committee.

John J. Gonzalez, II has served as a Director of Janel since June 2016. Prior to that, he was a Senior Managing Director of Janel Group, following the
 August 2014 purchase by the Company of Alpha International and President Container Lines Alpha/PCL ), which he co-founded in 1979. Mr. Gonzalez has been involved in the transportation business since 1969. Mr. Gonzalez is well-qualified to serve
 as a member of the Company s board of directors based on his extensive experience in the freight forwarding and logistics industry and also serves as a senior advisor to the Company.

Gregory J. Melsen has served as a Director of Janel since January 2018. Mr. Melsen has over 45 years of business experience, primarily in the
 accounting and finance areas. He has served as Chief Financial Officer at a number of companies including Techne Corporation (now Bio-Techne Corporation), a holding company for biotechnology and clinic diagnostic brands. He also has 19 years of
 public accounting experience, including nine years as partner at Deloitte. Mr. Melsen is well-qualified to serve as a member of the Company s board of directors based on his extensive experience in accounting and finance. Mr. Melsen serves as
 Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

Karen Miller Ryan , also known professionally as Karen Padgett, has served as a Director of Janel since October 2021. Prior to that, she served as Vice
 President of Global Marketing and Vice President of the Antibody Business Unit of Bio-Techne, a public global life science business from 2014 until 2019. From 1996 until 2014, Ms. Miller Ryan was the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Novus
 Biologicals, a private research reagent company, which she successfully grew until its sale to Bio-Techne. Ms. Miller Ryan is well qualified to serve as a member of the Company s board of directors based on her extensive life science and
 executive leadership experience. Ms. Miller Ryan serves as chair of the Compensation Committee.

35 

Table of Contents 

Gregory B. Graves, has served as a Director of Janel since May 31, 2023. Mr. Graves served as Executive Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Entegris, Inc. Entegris ), a company focused on specialty chemicals and advanced materials solutions, from July 2008 to May 15, 2023. Mr. Graves has
 served as a director of Laird Superfood, Inc. (a plant-based food company) since September 2018, and was a member of the board of directors of Plug Power Inc. (an energy solutions provider) from May 2017 to June 2019. In 2022, Mr. Graves joined
 the board of directors of Skywater Technologies, Inc., a semiconductor manufacturer. Mr. Graves is well-qualified to serve as a member of the Company s board of directors based on his extensive experience in accounting and finance. 

Vincent A. Verde is Principal Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company and has served in such capacities since May 2018. From February
 2018 to May 2018, Mr. Verde served as Controller of the Company. From January 2018 to February 2018, Mr. Verde served as a consultant for the Company. Prior to joining the Company, from December 2016 to February 2017, Mr. Verde served as a
 consultant for Xylem Inc., a publicly traded manufacturer and servicer of engineered solutions. Mr. Verde served from November 2014 to November 2016 as Subsidiary Controller for Teledyne Bolt, Inc., a developer, manufacturer and distributor of
 marine seismic data acquisition equipment and underwater remotely operated robotic vehicles and subsidiary of Teledyne Technologies Inc. Teledyne ). From January 2012 to November 2014, Mr. Verde served as Vice President and Corporate Controller
 for Bolt Technology Corporation, a then-publicly traded manufacturer and distributor of geophysical equipment and industrial clutches, which was acquired by Teledyne in November 2014. Mr. Verde has 17 years of public accounting experience,
 including eight years as Audit manager at Deloitte.

Directors hold office for a one-year term until they are re-elected, or their successors have been duly elected and qualified. The executive officers are elected by the Board of Directors on an
 annual basis and serve under the direction of the Board. Executive officers devote all of their business time to the Company s affairs.

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of its Class A common stock to file reports of ownership
 and changes in ownership with the SEC and to furnish the Company with copies of all such reports they file.

Based on the Company s review of the copies of such forms received by it, or written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that none of its
 directors, executive officers or persons who beneficially own more than 10 of the Company s common stock failed to comply with Section 16(a) reporting requirements during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 .

Board of Directors 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, the board of directors met eleven times. No incumbent director attended fewer than 75 of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the
 board of directors of the Company and the total number of meetings held by all board committees in which that director served.

Committees.

The Company s Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each committee operates under a charter that
 has been approved by the Company s board of directors and is available on its website located at www.janelcorp.com .

Audit Committee.

The Company s audit committee Audit Committee oversees its corporate accounting and financial reporting process. The Audit Committee consists of Mr. van Kesteren as the chair, Mr. Gonzalez,
 Mr. Melsen, Mr. Graves and Ms. Miller Ryan. The Audit Committee met four times during fiscal 2023. The Audit Committee has the following responsibilities, among others, as set forth in the Audit Committee charter:

36 

Table of Contents 

reviewing and assessing the effectiveness of external auditors, their independence from Janel and any additional assignments they may be given, as well as reviewing their appointment, termination and
 remuneration 

reviewing and assessing the scope and plan of the audit, the examination process, audit results and reports, as well as whether auditor recommendations have been implemented by management 

recommending the approval of the annual internal audit report, including the responses of management thereto 

assessing management s established risk assessment and any proposed measures to reduce risk 

assessing the Company s efforts and policies of compliance with relevant laws and regulations 

reviewing, in tandem with external auditors, as well as the Chief Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer, whether accounting principles and the financial control mechanisms of Janel and its
 subsidiaries are appropriate in view of Janel s size and complexity and

reviewing annual and interim statutory and consolidated financial statements intended for publication and recommending such financial statements to the board of directors.

The board of directors of the Company has determined that Messrs. Gonzalez, Graves, Melsen and van Kesteren and Ms. Miller Ryan meet the definition of independent directors under
 the Company s criteria. The board of directors of the Company has also determined that Ms. Miller Ryan, Mr. Graves and Mr. Melsen meet the Company s independence criteria for audit committee membership, which is based on the Nasdaq rules
 regarding audit committee independence. The board of directors of the Company, however, has determined that Mr. van Kesteren does not meet the Company s independence criteria for audit committee membership, as he received an annual 40,000
 consulting fee during the fiscal year 2023 for services rendered to the Company s Logistics segment. The board of directors of the Company has also determined that Mr. Gonzalez does not meet the Company s independence criteria for audit
 committee membership, as he received an annual 90,000 consulting fee and cost of health insurance of 19,000 during the fiscal year 2023 for services rendered to the Company s Logistics segment. The Company s board of directors designated
 Gerard van Kesteren as an audit committee financial expert considering his experience as Chief Financial Officer of Kuehne + Nagel Group. The Company s board of directors has determined each of Messrs. Graves, Melsen and van Kesteren to
 be an audit committee financial expert based on their respective experiences.

Compensation Committee

The Company s compensation committee (the Compensation Committee formulates, reviews and recommends compensation policies that are consistent with Janel s established compensation philosophy
 and that will enable it to attract and retain high-quality leadership.

The Compensation Committee met four times during fiscal 2023. The Compensation Committee has the following responsibilities, among others, as set forth in the Compensation Committee s charter:

reviewing and approving the Company s general compensation philosophy and objectives 

reviewing and approving the corporate goals and individual objectives relevant to the compensation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and evaluating the performance of the Chief Executive Officer
 considering these objectives 

approving base salary amounts, incentive and bonus compensation amounts and individual stock and/or option grants and awards for the Chief Executive Officer and, based on the recommendation of the Chief
 Executive Officer, all corporate officers at or above the Vice President level 

reviewing all forms of compensation for the Company s senior management, including the form and amount of current salary, deferred salary, cash and non-cash benefits, and all compensation plans 

reviewing the Company s severance or similar termination payments and administering the Company s stock option and other incentive compensation plans and programs 

amending or modifying, where appropriate, the provisions of any compensation or benefit plan that does not require stockholder approval 

preparing and approving reports to stockholders on compensation matters which are required by the SEC and other government bodies 

performing an annual performance appraisal for members of the Company s senior management designated by the board of directors 

establishing levels of director compensation to include marketplace reviews of retainers, meeting fees, stock plans and other similar components of compensation and

annually reviewing succession plans for key positions within the Company.

The Company s Compensation Committee consists of Ms. Miller Ryan as the chair and Messrs. Gonzalez, Graves, Melsen and van Kesteren. The Company s board of directors has determined that Ms.
 Miller Ryan and Messrs. Gonzalez, Graves, Melsen and van Kesteren are independent members of the Compensation Committee.

37 

Table of Contents 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

The Company s nominating and corporate governance committee (the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for developing and implementing policies and procedures that are
 intended to assure that Janel s board of directors and the boards of directors (or equivalent) of its subsidiaries will be appropriately constituted and organized to meet its fiduciary obligations to the Company and its stockholders on an ongoing
 basis. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee met four times during fiscal 2023. Among other matters, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for the following, as set forth in the Nominating and Corporate
 Governance Committee s charter:

making recommendations to Janel s board of directors regarding matters and practices concerning the board, its committees and individual directors, as well as matters and practices of the boards, committees
 and individual directors of each of Janel s subsidiaries 

periodically evaluating the size, composition and governance structure of Janel s board of directors and its committees and the boards and committees of Janel s subsidiaries and determining the future
 requirements of each such body 

periodically making recommendations concerning the qualifications, criteria, compensation and retirement age of members of Janel s board of directors and the boards of its subsidiaries, which
 recommendations, upon approval by Janel s board of directors, shall be incorporated in Janel s Corporate Governance Guidelines 

recommending nominees for election to Janel s board of directors and the boards of its subsidiaries and establishing and administering a board evaluation process and

reviewing timely nominations by stockholders for the election of individuals to Janel s board of directors and ensure that such stockholders are advised of any action taken by the board of directors with
 respect thereto.

The Company s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of the Company s full board of directors. Mr. Melsen serves as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
 Committee.

Independence of Directors

The Company is not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the board of
 directors be independent and, as a result, is not at this time required to have a board of directors comprised of a majority of independent directors. Pursuant to Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K, however, Janel must disclose each director that is
 independent under the independence standards of either the New York Stock Exchange or Nasdaq, as selected by Janel. The Company has elected to use the independence standards prescribed under Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2), which defines an independent
 director as a person who does not have any relationship with the Company which, in the opinion of the Company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.
 Based on the applicable criteria, the Company s board of directors has determined that Messrs. Seirer and Eidinger are not independent by virtue of the fact that they are Executive Officers of the Company.

The board of directors has determined that Messrs. Gonzalez, Graves, Melsen, and van Kesteren and Ms. Miller Ryan are independent directors.

Director Compensation

The following table summarizes the compensation paid to the Company s non-executive directors for their services during the Company s fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 (actual dollar
 amounts):

Name

Fees Earned or

 Paid in Cash (1) 

Option

 Awards (2) 

All Other

 Compensation

Total

Gerard van Kesteren

50,000

103,100

40,000

(3) 

193,100

Karen Miller Ryan

50,000

103,100

153,100

Gregory J. Melsen

50,000

103,100

153,100

John J. Gonzalez

40,000

103,100

109,000

(4) 

252,100

Gregory B. Graves

13,333

(5) 

13,333

Brendan Killackey (6) 

447,885

447,885

(1) 

Compensation is paid on a monthly basis.

(2) 

The aggregate number of options outstanding as of September 30, 2023, for each director was as follows: Gerard van Kesteren 7,499, John J. Gonzalez II 7,499, Gregory J. Melsen 14,375, and Karen Miller
 Ryan 5,000.

(3) 

Represents compensation paid to Mr. van Kesteren in connection with his consulting arrangement.

(4) 

Represents compensation paid to Mr. Gonzalez in connection with his consulting arrangement and payment of medical insurance premiums.

(5) 

Represents compensation paid to Mr. Graves in connection with his board of directors fee since being appointed effective May 31, 2023.

(6) 

Director through January 1, 2023.Directors who also serve as executive officers of the Company do not receive additional compensation for their board service.

38 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the Company s non-employee director compensation policy, for the fiscal year 2023 non-employee directors received a retainer at an annual rate of 40,000, payable on a monthly
 basis, and 2,500 options, pursuant to the Amended and Restated Janel Corporation 2017 Equity Incentive Plan or such other equity plan that the Company may adopt from time to time. Directors who also serve as executive officers of the Company do
 not receive additional compensation for their board service.

Committee chairs receive an additional retainer at an annual rate of 10,000. According to the non-employee director compensation policy, non-employee directors will be reimbursed for their
 reasonable travel and other expenses incurred to attend board of directors or board committee meetings.

Employment Arrangements

The Company has no active employment agreements with any of its officers or directors.

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

The Company has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, including a whistleblower policy, that applies to all of its employees, including executive officers and directors. The code of
 business conduct and ethics, including our whistleblower policy, is available on the Company s website at www.janelcorp.com . The Company intends to disclose, if required, any future amendments to, or waivers from, the code of business
 conduct and ethics within four business days of the waiver or amendment through a website posting or by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC.

Corporate Governance Guidelines

The Company s board of directors has adopted corporate governance guidelines that serve as a flexible framework within which its board of directors and its committees operate. These guidelines
 cover a number of areas, including the size and composition of the board of directors, director selection criteria and qualifications, the agenda for board meetings, board member access to management and independent advisors, director
 compensation, director orientation and continuing education and annual board and committee self-evaluations. A copy of the corporate governance guidelines is available on the Company s website at www.janelcorp.com .

Communications with the Board

Any stockholder desiring to contact the board, or any specific director(s), may send written communications to: Board of Directors (Attention: (Name(s) of director(s), as applicable)), c/o the
 Company s Secretary, 80 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011. Any proper communication so received will be processed by the Secretary. If it is unclear from the communication received whether it was intended or appropriate for the board, the
 Secretary will (subject to any applicable regulatory requirements) use his or her judgment to determine whether such communication should be conveyed to the board of directors or, as appropriate, to the member(s) of the board of directors named
 in the communication.

Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight

While the board of directors believes that there are various structures that can provide successful leadership to the Company, the Company s executive functions are carried out by Mr. Seirer,
 the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, who also serves as chair of the Company s board of directors and, together with the other directors, brings experience, oversight and expertise to the management of the Company.

The board of directors believes that, due to the small size of the Company, this leadership structure best serves the Company and its stockholders. Management is responsible for the day-to-day
 management of risks the Company faces, while the board of directors has collective responsibility for the oversight of risk management. In its risk oversight role, the board of directors has the responsibility to satisfy itself that the risk
 management processes designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. To do this, management discusses with the board of directors the risks facing the Company and its strategy for managing them.

39 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Introduction

(actual dollar amounts)

The following table provides summary information concerning compensation paid or accrued by us to our Chief Executive Officer and President, Vice Chairman, our former Chief Executive Officer
 and President, and our Principal Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. We refer to these individuals collectively as the named executive officers .

Summary Compensation Table

The following table sets forth information regarding the total compensation awarded to, paid to or earned by the named executive officers as compensation for their services in all capacities
 during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 (actual dollar amounts):

Name and Principal Position

Year

Base

 Salary )

Bonus )

All Other

 Comp. )

Total )

Darren C. Seirer, Chief Executive Officer and President

2023

100,000

751

(1) 

100,751

Dominique Schulte, Chief Executive Officer and President

2023

100,000

24,821

(2) 

124,821

2022 

50,000

16,478

66,478

John Eidinger, Vice Chairman

2023

144,000

144,000

Vincent A. Verde, Principal Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

2023

215,000

208,355

35,494

(3) 

458,849

2022 

215,000

80,936

27,606

323,542

(1) 

Amounts reported under all other compensation for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 include 751 of 401(k) contributions paid on behalf of Mr. Seirer for the fiscal year ended 2023.

(2) 

Ms. Schulte served as Chief Executive Officer and President and as a Director through January 1, 2023. Amounts reported under all other compensation for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, include
 23,319 of medical insurance premiums and 1,502 of 401(k) contributions paid for the fiscal year ended 2023.

(3) 

Amounts reported under the Bonus column for fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 include a discretionary bonus 177,778 related to fiscal year 2022 performance. Amounts reported under all other
 compensation for fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 include 27,740 of medical insurance premiums and 7,754 of 401(k) contributions paid on behalf of Mr. Verde for the fiscal year ended 2023.

Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards

While the Company has adopted the Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan pursuant to which certain stock awards may be granted to the Company s directors, officers, employees and
 consultants, our current intent is to utilize this plan only to make annual equity awards to the Company s non-employee directors.

Savings and Stock Option Plans

401(k) and Profit-Sharing Plan

(actual dollar amounts)

The Company maintains a qualified retirement plan, commonly referred to as a 401(k) plan covering substantially all full-time employees under each segment.

The Janel Corporation 401(k) Plan allows for employee salary deferrals including Roth 401(k) deferrals, employer matching contributions, employer profit sharing contributions and employee
 rollovers. The Janel Corporation 401(k) Plan provides for participant contributions of up to 50 of annual compensation (not to exceed the IRS limit), as defined by the plan. The Company contributes an amount equal to 50 of the participant s
 first 6 of contributions.

The combined expenses charged to operations for contributions made to the plans for the benefit of the employees for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 were approximately
 535,200 and 379,000, respectively.

The administrative expense charged to operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 aggregated approximately 65,600 and 64,000, respectively.

40 

Table of Contents 

Equity Plans

On October 30, 2013, the Board of Directors adopted Janel s 2013 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the 2013 Option Plan providing for options to purchase up to 100,000 shares of common stock
 for issuance to directors, officers, employees of and consultants to the Company and its subsidiaries. The exercise price and other terms of any nonqualified option granted under the 2013 Option Plan is determined by the Compensation Committee of
 the board of directors.

On September 21, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the Amended and Restated 2017 Janel Corporation Equity Incentive Plan (the Amended and Restated Plan ), which amended and
 restated the prior 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as previously amended, and pursuant to which non-statutory stock options, restricted stock awards and stock appreciation rights with respect to up to 200,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock, par
 value .001 per share, may be granted to employees, directors and consultants to the Company and its subsidiaries. Participants and all terms of any grant under the Amended and Restated Plan are in the discretion of the Company s Compensation
 Committee.

Outstanding Equity Awards at September 30, 2023

None of our named executive officers had any outstanding stock awards at September 30, 2023.

41 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The following tables set forth information concerning beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2023. For purposes of calculating beneficial ownership, Rule
 13d-3 of the Exchange Act requires inclusion of shares of common stock that may be acquired within sixty days of the stated date. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to a table, beneficial ownership of shares represents sole voting and
 investment power with respect to those shares.

Certain Beneficial Owners

The following table reflects the names and addresses of the only persons or entities known to the Company to be the beneficial owners of 5 or more of the outstanding shares of the Company s
 common stock as of September 30, 2023.

Name and address of Beneficial Owner (1)

Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned

Percent

 of Class

Oaxaca Group L.L.C. (2)

485,302

40.9

John Eidinger

186,704

15.7

John J. Gonzalez, II (3)

108,236

9.1

van Kesteren Foundation (4)

81,915

6.9

(1) 

The address of each person and entity included in this table is 80 Eighth Avenue, New York, NY 10011, except for the van Kesteren Foundation which is Seestrasse 39, 8846 Willerzell,
 Switzerland . 

(2) 

These shares are held by Oaxaca Group L.L.C. Ms. Schulte is the sole member of Oaxaca Group L.L.C. and, therefore, shares beneficial ownership of the shares.

(3) 

Includes 1,666 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options that may be exercised within 60 days of September 30, 2023.

(4) 

Mr. van Kesteren, a director of the Company, and his wife are members of the board of directors of the van Kesteren Foundation. Mr. van Kesteren disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of the
 Company s common stock held by the van Kesteren Foundation.

Directors and Executive Officers

The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock as of September 30, 2023 by each named executive officer , each current
 director and each nominee for election as a director and all directors and executive officers of the Company as a group. An asterisk ) indicates ownership of less than 1 .

Name of Beneficial Owner

Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned

Percent

 of Class

Dominique Schulte (1)

485,302

40.9

John Eidinger

186,704

15.7

John J. Gonzalez, II (2)

108,236

9.1

Gerard van Kesteren (2)

19,166

1.6

Gregory J. Melsen (2)

11,042

Karen Miller Ryan (3)

6,111

Gregory B. Graves

1,200

Vincent A. Verde

665

Darren C. Seirer (4)

All directors and executive officers as a group

333,124

26.4

(1) 

These shares are held by Oaxaca Group L.L.C. Ms. Schulte is the sole member of Oaxaca Group L.L.C. and, therefore, shares beneficial ownership of the shares.

(2) 

Includes 1,666 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options that may be exercised within 60 days of September 30, 2023.

(3) 

Includes 833 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options that may be exercised within 60 days of September 30, 2023.

(4) 

Does not include shares beneficially owned by Dominique Schulte, Mr. Seirer s spouse, which are referenced above and for which Mr. Seirer disclaims beneficial ownership.

42 

Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plan Information

The following table provides information, as of September 30, 2023, with respect to all compensation arrangements maintained by the Company under which shares of common stock may be issued:

Column A

Column B

Column C

Plan Category: Equity Compensation plans not approved by security holders:

Number of securities

 to be issued,

 upon exercise of

 outstanding options

Weighted-average

 exercise price of

 outstanding options

Number of securities

 remaining available

 for future issuance

 under equity

 compensation plans

2013 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (1) 

6,621

5.49

35,701

Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (2) 

34,372

25.81

69,753

Total

40,993

22.53

105,454

(1) 

On October 30, 2013, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the Company s 2013 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan providing for options to purchase up to 100,000 shares of common stock for issuance to
 directors, officers, employees of and consultants to the Company and its subsidiaries. The exercise price and other terms of any nonqualified option granted under the 2013 Option Plan is determined by the Compensation Committee of the
 board of directors.

(2) 

On September 21, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the Amended and Restated 2017 Janel Corporation Equity Incentive Plan pursuant to which non-statutory stock options, restricted stock
 awards and stock appreciation rights with respect to up to 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock may be granted to employees, directors and consultants to the Company and its subsidiaries. Participants and all terms of any grant
 under the Amended and Restated Plan are in the discretion of the Compensation Committee.

43 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Related Party Transactions

(actual dollar amounts)

We are not aware of any transactions since October 1, 2022 or any proposed transactions in which the Company was a party where the amount involved exceeded the lesser of 1 of the average of
 the Company s total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and 120,000, and in which a director, executive officer, holder of more than 5 of our common stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing
 persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

(actual dollar amounts)

The following reflects the fees of Prager Metis CPAs, LLC, the Company s sole independent public accountant, for the audit of our financial statements for the fiscal years ended September 30,
 2023 and 2022, and fees billed for other services provided by Prager Metis during those periods.

Year End September 30,

Fee Category

2023

2022

Audit Fees

338,750

377,050

Audit-Related Fees

50,195

92,000

Tax Fees

55,495

71,768

Total Fees

444,440

540,818

Audit Fees

Audit fees include fees paid and accrued for professional services rendered by Prager Metis CPA s for 2023 and 2022, fees for the audits of our financial statements included in our Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for 2023 and 2022, and reviews of the financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Audit fees also include comfort letter fees for 2022.

Audit-Related Fees

Audit-related services fees include fees paid and accrued for transaction related audit services and agreed upon procedures.

Tax Fees

Tax fees include fees paid and accrued for corporate tax compliance, counsel and advisory services.

Approval of Independent Auditor Services and Fees

The Audit Committee reviews all fees charged by the Company s independent auditors and actively monitors the relationship between audit and non-audit services provided. The Audit Committee
 must pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by the Company s independent auditors and fees charged.

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a) 

Documents filed as part of this report

(1) 

Financial Statements.

The Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of this report are listed on the Table of Contents to Consolidated Financial Statements.

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, are not required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.

44 

Table of Contents 

(b) 

Exhibits

Exhibit

 No.

Description

2.1 

Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, between Janel Corporation and Rubicon Technology, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed July 5, 2022)

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation of Wine Systems Design, Inc. (predecessor name) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3A to Wine Systems Design, Inc. (predecessor name) Registration
 Statement on Form SB-2 filed May 10, 2001)

3.2 

Amended and Restated By-Laws of Janel Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2013)

3.3 

Certificate of Designations of Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 29, 2014)

3.4 

Certificate of Change filed Pursuant to NRS 78.209 for Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 21, 2015)

3.5 

Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 21, 2015)

3.6 

Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series pursuant to NRS 78.1955 for Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 25, 2016)

3.7 

Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series pursuant to NRS 78.1955 for Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to
 the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017)

3.8 

Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series pursuant to NRS 78.1955 for Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed October 17, 2017)

3.9 

Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series pursuant to NRS 78.1955 for Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2021) 

3.10 

Certificate, Amendment or Withdrawal of Designation pursuant to NRS 78.1955 with respect to Series C Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2022)

4.1 

Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 filed December 9,
 2022)

10.1 

Janel World Trade, Ltd. 2013 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 1, 2013)

10.2 

Credit Agreement, effective as of February 29, 2016, by and between Indco, Inc. and First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed March 25, 2016)

10.3 

Security Agreement, effective as of February 29, 2016, made by Indco and the Company, Inc. for the benefit of First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 25, 2016)

10.4 

Continuing Guaranty Agreement, effective as of February 29, 2016, made by Janel Corporation for the benefit of First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 25, 2016)

10.5 

Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Janel Corporation and Gerard van Kesteren dated May 12, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed September 5, 2017)

10.6 

Business Loan Agreement, dated June 14, 2018, by and between AB Merger Sub, Inc. and First Northern Bank of Dixon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed June 27, 2018)

10.7 

Promissory Note, dated June 14, 2018, made by AB Merger Sub, Inc. payable to First Northern Bank of Dixon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed June 27, 2018)

10.8 

Deed of Trust, dated June 14, 2018, by Antibodies Incorporated, as Trustor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 27, 2018)

10.9 

Commercial Guaranty, dated June 14, 2018, from Janel Corporation (as Guarantor) to First Northern Bank of Dixon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed June 27, 2018)

10.10 

Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, effective as of August 30, 2019, by and between Indco, Inc. and First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2019)

10.11 

Term Loan Promissory Note, effective as of August 30, 2019, made by Indco, Inc. payable to First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2019)

10.12 

Revolving Loan Promissory Note, effective as of August 30, 2019, made by Indco, Inc. payable to First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2019)

45 

Table of Contents 

10.13 

Pledge Agreement, effective as of August 30, 2019, by Janel Corporation to First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on September 6, 2019)

10.14 

Consulting Agreement, dated February 26, 2017, between Janel Corporation and John J. Gonzalez, II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the Company s Form 10-K for the year
 ended September 30, 2018, filed on July 26, 2019)

10.15 

Consulting Agreement, dated September 28, 2016, between Janel Corporation and Gerard van Kesteren (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of the Company s Form 10-K for the year
 ended September 30, 2018, filed on July 26, 2019)

10.16 

Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement effective as of July 1, 2020, by and between Indco Inc. and First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 of the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020)

10.17 

Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, by and among Santander Bank, N.A., as lender, and Janel Group, Inc., Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC, a Texas limited
 liability company, and ELFS Brokerage, LLC (collectively as borrowers) and Janel Corporation and Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company, as loan party obligors dated September 21, 2021
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021)

10.18 

First Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement between (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
 ended March 31, 2022)

10.19 

Consent, Waiver and Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2022, by and among Santander Bank, N.A., Janel Group, Inc., Expedited Logistics and
 Freight Services, LLC, ELFS Brokerage LLC, Janel Corporation and Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 13, 2022)

10.20 

Form letter purchase agreement, dated March 31, 2022, between the Company and holders of Series C Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022)

10.21 

Amended and Restated 2017 Janel Corporation Equity Incentive Plan dated September 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021)

10.22 

Subscription Agreement for sale of Series C Preferred Stock dated as of September 30, 2021 between Janel Corporation and Oaxaca Group LLC (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2021) 

10.23 

Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement effective as of August 1, 2022 entered into by and among Indco, Inc. , and First Merchants Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022) 

10.24 

Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, by and among Santander Bank, N.A., as lender, and Janel Group, Inc., Expedited Logistics and
 Freight Services, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, and ELFS Brokerage, LLC (collectively as borrowers) and Janel Corporation and Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company, as loan party
 obligors dated January 30, 2023 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022) 

10.25 

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among Indco, Inc., Antibodies Incorporated, Aves Labs, Inc., Phosphosolutions
 LLC, Immunochemistry Technologies LLC, ECM Biosciences, LLC, Stephen Hall PhD LTD, Immunobioscience Corp., (collectively as borrowers), and each individually, a Borrower ), and First Merchants Bank dated April 25, 2023 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023). 

10.26 

Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, by and among Santander Bank, N.A., as lender, and Janel Group, Inc., Expedited Logistics and
 Freight Services, LLC, and ELFS Brokerage, LLC (collectively as borrowers) and Janel Corporation and Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC, as loan party obligors dated April 25, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of
 the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023). 

10.27 

Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, by and among Santander Bank, N.A., as lender, and Janel Group, Inc., Expedited Logistics and Freight
 Services, LLC, and ELFS Brokerage, LLC (collectively as borrowers) and Janel Corporation and Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC, as loan party obligors dated August 22, 2023 filed herewith ). 

21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith)

23.1 

Consent of Prager Metis CPAs, LLC (filed herewith)

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer (filed herewith)

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer (filed herewith)

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer (furnished herewith)

46 

Table of Contents 

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer (furnished herewith)

101

Interactive data files providing financial information from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 in Inline XBRL (eXtensible
 Business Reporting Language) pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2023 and
 2022, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, and (v) Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements (filed herewith)

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in the Interactive Data Files submitted as Exhibit 101) (filed herewith)

Represents management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement in which directors and/or executive officers are entitled to participate.

Schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Registration S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules to the SEC upon request

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements
 or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant
 agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

47 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Janel Corporation has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereto duly authorized.

JANEL CORPORATION

 (Registrant)

Date: December 8, 2023

By:

/s/ Darren C. Seirer

Darren C. Seirer

Director, Board Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)

Date: December 8, 2023

By:

/s/ Vincent A. Verde

Vincent A. Verde

Principal Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the
 dates indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Darren C. Seirer

Director, Board Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

December 8, 2023

Darren C. Seirer 

/s/ John Eidinger

Director, Board Vice Chairman

December 8, 2023

John Eidinger

/s/ Vincent A. Verde

Principal Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

December 8, 2023

Vincent A. Verde

/s/ John J. Gonzalez, II

Director

December 8, 2023

John J. Gonzalez, II

/s/ Gregory J. Melsen

Director

December 8, 2023

Gregory J. Melsen

/s/ Karen Miller Ryan

Director

December 8, 2023

Karen Miller Ryan

/s/ Gerard van Kesteren

Director

December 8, 2023

Gerard van Kesteren

/s/ Gregory B. Graves

Director

December 8, 2023

Gregory B. Graves

48 

Table of Contents 

Report of Registered Independent Public Accounting Firm Prager Metis CPAs, LLC (PCAOB ID number 

F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 

F-3

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 

F-5

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 

F-6

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-7

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of

Directors of Janel Corporation and Subsidiaries

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Janel Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in
 stockholders equity and cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated
 financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations, stockholders equity and its cash flows for the years
 ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm
 registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
 of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are
 free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
 understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
 procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

Critical audit matters are a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required
 to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to an account or disclosure that is material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined
 that there are no critical audit matters.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019

Basking Ridge, 

December 8, 2023

F-2 

Table of Contents 

JANEL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands, except share and per share data)

September 30,

2023 

2022 

ASSETS

Current Assets:

Cash

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts

Inventory, net

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property and Equipment, net

Other Assets:

Intangible assets, net

Goodwill

Investment in Rubicon at fair value

Operating lease right of use asset

Security deposits and other long-term assets

Total other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

Current Liabilities:

Line of credit

Accounts payable - trade

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

Dividends payable

Current portion of earnout 

Current portion of long-term debt

Current portion of deferred acquisition payments 

Current portion of subordinated promissory note- related party 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities

Total current liabilities

Other Liabilities:

Long-term debt

Long-term portion of earnout 

Subordinated promissory notes- related party 

Mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest

Deferred income taxes

Long-term operating lease liabilities

Other liabilities

Total other liabilities

Total liabilities

Stockholders Equity:

Preferred Stock, par value shares authorized

Series C shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 , liquidation value of and at
 September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 , respectively

Common stock, par value shares authorized, 
 issued, and outstanding as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 , respectively 

Paid-in capital

Common treasury stock, at cost, shares

Accumulated earnings 

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

JANEL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(in thousands, except per share data)

Year Ended September 30,

2023 

2022 

Revenues

Forwarding expenses and cost of revenues

Gross profit

Cost and Expenses:

Selling, general and administrative

Amortization of intangible assets

Total Costs and Expenses

Income from Operations

Other Items:

Interest expense

Fair value adjustments to Rubicon investment (net of dividends)

Change in fair value of earnout

Change in fair value of mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest

Income Before Income Taxes

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net Income (Loss) 

Preferred stock dividends

Non-controlling interest dividends 

Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders

Net income (loss) per share:

Basic

Diluted

Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders:

Basic

Diluted

Weighted average number of shares outstanding:

Basic

Diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

JANEL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(in thousands, except share and per share data)

PREFERRED 

 STOCK

COMMON 

 STOCK

PAID-IN CAPITAL

COMMON

 TREASURY 

 STOCK

ACCUMULATED

 EARNING

TOTAL

 EQUITY

Shares

Shares

Shares

Balance - September 30, 2021 

Net (Loss) 

Dividends to preferred stockholders

Dividends to non-controlling interest 

Preferred C shares purchases 

Preferred C shares converted 

Preferred B shares converted

Common Stock issued in private placement 

Stock based compensation

Stock option exercise

Balance - September 30, 2022 

Net Income 

Dividends to preferred stockholders

Stock based compensation

Balance - September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

JANEL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands)

Year Ended

 September 30,

2023 

2022 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income (loss)

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities:

Provision for uncollectible accounts, net of recoveries

Depreciation

Deferred income provision

Amortization of intangible assets

Amortization of acquired inventory valuation

Amortization of loan costs

Stock based compensation

Unrealized loss on fair value adjustment to Rubicon investment (net of dividend)

Change in fair value of earnout

Change in fair value of mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions:

Accounts receivable

Inventory

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Security deposits and other long-term assets

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Other liabilities

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Acquisition of property and equipment, net of disposals

Investment in Rubicon (net of dividend)

Acquisitions

Earnout payment 

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Dividends paid to preferred stockholders

Dividends paid to minority shareholders

Repayments borrowings of term loan

Proceeds from stock option exercise

Line of credit (payments)

Repurchase of Series C Preferred Stock

Proceeds from Private Placement

Repayment of subordinated promissory note-related party

Net cash (used in) financing activities

Net (decrease) increase in cash

Cash at beginning of the period

Cash at end of period

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information:

Cash paid during the period for:

Interest

Income taxes

Non-cash investing activities:

Contingent earnout acquisition

Due to former owner

Non-cash financing activities:

Dividends declared to preferred stockholders

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in thousands except share and per share data)

business segments: Logistics, Life
 Sciences and Manufacturing. The Company strives to create shareholder value primarily through three strategic priorities: supporting its businesses efforts to make investments and to build long-term profits; allocating Janel s capital at
 high risk-adjusted rates of return; and attracting and retaining exceptional talent.

F-7 

Table of Contents 

shares of the common stock, par value per share, of Rubicon Technology, Inc. Rubicon ), at a price per share of ,
 in a cash tender offer made pursuant to the Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, between the Company and Rubicon (the Rubicon Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Rubicon Purchase Agreement, the
 acquired shares represent of Rubicon s issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of August 3, 2022, as
 reported in Rubicon s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022. The Company owned approximately of Rubicon s issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of September 30, 2023. 

, with a non-controlling interest held by existing Indco management. The Indco non-controlling interest is mandatorily redeemable and is
 recorded as a liability. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

. The Company s accounts at these institutions may, at times, exceed the federally insured limits. The Company has not
 experienced any losses in such accounts.

and , respectively.

forecast. Inventory quantities in excess of the forecast are not valued due to uncertainty over salability.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

reportable
 segments: Logistics, Life Sciences and Manufacturing. The Company s Chief Executive Officer regularly reviews financial information at the reporting segment level in order to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segments and
 to assess their performance .

F-9 

Table of Contents 

primary service categories: ocean freight, trucking, air freight, custom brokerage and other. 

Ocean freight

Air freight

Other 

Custom brokerage

Total

F-10 

Table of Contents 

following their grant. The shares contain certain put features where the Company is either required or expects to settle vested awards on a cash basis.

per year of the mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest at the option of the holders beginning on the third anniversary of the date of the Indco acquisition, which was March 21, 2019. As of September 30, 2023, the holders had not
 exercised their redemption rights. 

minority owners of Indco exercised and options to
 purchase Indco s common stock at an exercise price of and for an aggregate purchase price of and , respectively. Indco issued related party promissory notes in the amount of and , respectively, which bear interest at per annum; both interest and principal are payable on the maturity date of . On November 30, 2020, a minority owner of Indco exercised 
 options to purchase Indco s common stock at an exercise price of for an aggregate purchase price of . These notes are included in security deposits and other long-term assets. The fair value of the shares issued of Indco s common stock was
 recorded as an increase in mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest. As a result of the exercise of options to purchase Indco s stock, the mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interest percentage was as of each of September 30, 2023 and 2022. 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

.

F-12 

Table of Contents 

, net of cash received. At closing, 
 was paid in cash, was due to the former stockholder of IBS as a deferred acquisition payment upon integration, was recorded as a preliminary earnout consideration (not to exceed and was recorded as a preliminary working capital
 adjustment. The acquisition was funded with cash provided by normal operations, and the results of operations of IBS are included in Janel s condensed consolidated results of operations since the date of the acquisition. In connection
 with the combination, the Company recorded an aggregate of in goodwill and in other identifiable intangibles. Supplemental pro forma information has not been provided as the acquisition did not have a significant impact on Janel s
 condensed consolidated results of operations, individually or in aggregate. IBS is a developer and manufacturer of high-quality reagents used by research and diagnostic customers. IBS was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Mukilteo,
 Washington. The acquisition of IBS was completed to expand our product offerings in our Life Sciences segment.

. At closing, was paid in cash and was due to the former
 stockholder of SH as a deferred acquisition payment upon integration. The acquisition was funded with cash provided by normal operations, and the results of operations of SH are included in Janel s condensed consolidated results of
 operations since the date of the acquisition. In connection with the combination, the Company recorded an aggregate of in
 goodwill and in other identifiable intangibles. Supplemental pro forma information has not been provided as the
 acquisition did not have a significant impact on Janel s condensed consolidated results of operations, individually or in aggregate. SH is a developer and manufacturer of antibodies and cell culture media for research and diagnostic uses.
 SH was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Lafayette, Indiana. The acquisition of SH was completed to expand our product offerings in our Life Sciences segment.

. The Company recorded this acquisition as a royalty asset, which is included in security
 deposits and other long-term assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet and will be amortized over the estimated life of .

, net of cash received. At closing, the former member of ECM was paid in cash and an additional
 was due to the former member, which is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. In connection with the
 combination, the Company recorded an aggregate of in goodwill and in other identifiable intangibles. This acquisition was funded with cash provided by normal operations. The results of operations of the acquired businesses are
 included in Janel s consolidated results of operations since the date of the acquisition and are included in our Life Sciences segment. The acquisition of ECM was completed to expand our product offerings in our Life Sciences segment.
 Supplemental pro forma information has not been provided as the acquisition did not have a significant impact on Janel s consolidated results of operations, individually or in aggregate. 

shares (the Acquired Shares of the common stock, par value 
 per share, of Rubicon Technology, Inc. Rubicon ), at a price per share of , in a cash tender offer made pursuant to the
 Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, between the Company and Rubicon (the Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Acquired Shares represented of Rubicon s issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of August 3, 2022, as reported in Rubicon s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
 ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022. Due to share repurchases effectuated by Rubicon, the Company owned approximately 
 of Rubicon s issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of September 30, 2023.

F-13 

Table of Contents 

- 

Land and improvements

Indefinite

Furniture and Fixture

- 

Computer Equipment

- 

Machinery Equipment

- 

Leasehold Improvements

- 

Less Accumulated Amortization

and , respectively.

Work-in-process

Raw materials

Gross inventory

Less reserve for inventory valuation

- Years

Trademarks/names

- Years

Trademarks/names

Indefinite

Other

- Years

Less: Accumulated Amortization

F-14 

Table of Contents 

Life Sciences 

Manufacturing

Less: Accumulated Amoritzation

and , respectively.

Fiscal Year 2025

Fiscal Year 2026

Fiscal Year 2027

Fiscal Year 2028

Thereafter

Life Sciences 

Manufacturing

to (limited to of the borrowers eligible accounts receivable borrowing base and reserves, subject to adjustments set forth in the Santander Loan
 Agreement) (ii) the LIBOR basis on which interest under the Santander Loan Agreement was calculated under certain circumstances was changed to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR and interest on the Santander Facility accrues at
 an annual rate equal to the SOFR plus ; (iii) a one-time increase from to in the amount the Company was permitted to distribute to holders of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock if specified conditions are
 met and (iv) the amount of indebtedness of the Company s Antibodies Incorporated subsidiary that the Company was permitted to guaranty was increased from to . 

(limited to of the Janel Group Borrowers eligible accounts receivable borrowing base and reserves, subject to adjustments set forth in the Santander Loan Agreement) and (ii) provide for a new bridge
 term loan to the Company in the principal amount of up to (the Bridge Facility to be funded in connection with the
 acquisition (the Rubicon Transaction by the Company of up to 
 of the outstanding shares of Rubicon Technology, Inc. Rubicon . The Bridge Facility was drawn on August 18, 2022 and matured on the earlier to occur of (i) twenty ) business days following the funding of the Bridge Facility and (ii) the date of funding of the dividend to be paid by Rubicon in
 connection with the Rubicon Transaction. The Company repaid the Bridge Facility in full on August 30, 2022. The Second Santander Amendment also contained a one-time waiver and consent to (a) the consummation of the Rubicon Transaction,
 and (b) a dividend of to be paid by Janel Group , Inc. (the Janel Group to the Company. 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

to for Domestic Insured Accounts (as defined in the Amendment), subject to adjustments set forth in the Loan Agreement.

and related
 modifications to certain negative covenants.

. Interest accrues on the Santander Facility at an annual rate equal to the SOFR plus . The Janel Group Borrowers obligations
 under the Santander Facility are secured by all of the assets of the Janel Group Borrowers, while the Santander Loan Agreement contains customary terms and covenants. As a result of its terms, the Santander Facility is classified as a
 current liability on the consolidated balance sheet.

, representing of the 
 available thereunder, and interest was accruing at an effective interest rate of . 

, representing of the available thereunder, and interest was accruing at an effective interest rate of .

term loan, a (limited to the borrowing base and reserves) revolving loan, and the continuation of a mortgage loan in the original principal amount of (collectively, the Prior First Merchants Facility ).
 Interest accrued on the term loan at an annual rate equal to adjusted term SOFR plus either (if Indco s total funded debt to EBITDA ratio was less than :1), or (if Indco s total funded debt to EBITDA ratio was greater than or equal to :1). Interest accrued on the revolving loan at an annual rate equal to adjusted term SOFR plus . Interest accrued
 on the mortgage loan at an annual rate of . Indco s obligations under the Prior First Merchants Credit Facility were secured
 by all of Indco s real property and other assets, and are guaranteed by Janel, and Janel s guarantee of Indco s obligations was secured by a pledge of Janel s Indco shares.

revolving loan (limited to the borrowing base and reserves), a acquisition loan, a 
 Term A loan and a Term B loan as a continuation of the mortgage loan under the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement. 
 Interest accrues on the outstanding revolving loan, Term A loan and acquisition loan at an annual rate equal to 
 adjusted term SOFR plus either (i) (if the Borrowers total funded debt to EBITDA ratio is less or equal to :1.00) or (ii) 
 (if the Borrowers total funded debt to EBITDA ratio is greater than to :1.00). Interest accrues on the Term B loan
 at an annual rate of . The Borrowers obligations under the First Merchants Credit Facilities are secured by all of the
 Borrowers real property and other assets, and are guaranteed by the Company, and the Company s guarantee of the Borrowers obligations is secured by a pledge of the Company s equity interests in certain of the Borrowers. The revolving
 loan portion will expire on , the Term A loan portion will mature on , the Term B loan portion will mature on 
 and the acquisition loan will permit multiple draws until October 25, 2024, at which point the outstanding principal amount will amortize, with all remaining amounts due at maturity of the acquisition loan on ; each of the foregoing maturities, subject to earlier termination as provided in the Credit Agreement and unless renewed or
 extended .

F-16 

Table of Contents 

of outstanding borrowings under the acquisition loan, of outstanding borrowings under the revolving loan, of outstanding borrowings under the Term A loan and of
 outstanding borrowings under the Term B loan, with interest accruing on the acquisition loan and revolving loan at an effective interest rate of and on the Term A loan and Term B loan at an effective interest rate of 
 and , respectively. 

outstanding borrowings under the revolving loan under the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement , of borrowings under the term loan under
 the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement, and of borrowings under the mortgage loan under the Prior First Merchants Credit Agreement with interest accruing on such term loan and mortgage loan at an effective interest rate of and , respectively.

for the First Merchants Credit Agreement (in thousands): 

Less Current Portion

Long-term Portion

Fiscal Year 2025

Fiscal Year 2026

Fiscal Year 2027

Fiscal Year 2028

Thereafter 

term loan (the First Northern Term Loan and a 
 revolving credit facility (the First Northern Revolving Loan ). 

separate
 business loan agreements with First Northern: a term loan in connection with a potential expansion of solar generation
 capacity on the Antibodies property (the First Northern Solar Loan on November 18, 2019 and a term loan in connection with a potential expansion of generator capacity on the Antibodies property (the
 First Northern Generator Loan on June 19, 2020. 

, of which is included in long-term debt
 and is included in current portion of long-term debt, with interest accruing at an effective interest rate of . 

, of which is included in long-term debt and is included in current portion of long-term debt, with interest accruing at an effective interest rate of . 

outstanding borrowings under the First Northern Revolving Loan. 

F-17 

Table of Contents 

subordinated promissory note in the
 amount of (the ICT Subordinated Promissory Note issued to the former owner of ImmunoChemistry Technologies, LLC
 ICT ), in connection with a business combination whereby the Company acquired all of the membership interests of ICT. The ICT Subordinated Promissory Note is payable in scheduled installments of
 principal and interest beginning March 4, 2021, matures on , and may be prepaid, in whole or in part,
 without premium or penalty. 

, of which is
 included in the current portion of subordinated promissory notes and is included in the long-term portion of subordinated
 promissory notes. 

, of which is included in the current portion
 of subordinated promissory notes and is included in the long-term portion of subordinated promissory notes.

fixed subordinated
 promissory notes totaling in the aggregate (together, the ELFS Subordinated Promissory Notes ), payable to certain
 former shareholders of Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC ELFS ), in connection with the Company s business combination whereby it acquired all the membership interest of ELFS and its related subsidiaries. All of the ELFS
 Subordinated Promissory Notes are guaranteed by the Company and are subordinate to and junior in right of payment for principal, interest, premiums and other amounts payable to the Santander Bank Facility and the First Merchants
 Facility. The ELFS Subordinated Promissory Notes are payable in equal consecutive installments of principal together with accrued interest. Beginning October 15, 2021 and on the same day of the next consecutive calendar quarters, thereafter payment of accrued interest and unpaid interest is due to the former shareholders. 
 Beginning October 15, 2023 and on the same day of the next consecutive calendar quarters, thereafter payment of
 principal together with accrued interest and unpaid interest is due to the former shareholders. In June 2022, the principal amount of the ELFS Subordinated Promissory Notes was adjusted to due to a revised working capital adjustment of .

, of which is
 included in the current portion of subordinated promissory notes and was included in the long-term portion of
 subordinated promissory notes.

and was included in the long-term portion of subordinated promissory notes. 

Less Current Portion of Subordinated Promissory Notes

Long Term Portion of Subordinated Promissory Notes

2025

2026

F-18 

Table of Contents 

shares of common stock, par value . In addition, the Company is authorized to
 issue shares of preferred stock, par value . The preferred stock is issuable in series with such voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences and other rights and such qualifications, limitations and restrictions as may be determined
 by the Company s Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof, without stockholder approval. The Board of Directors may fix the number of shares constituting each series and increase or decrease the number of shares of any
 series.

shares of its common stock, par value per
 share Common Stock ), at a purchase price of per share (the closing sale price per share of Common Stock on August 9, 2022
 as reported on the Pink tier of the OTC market, or an aggregate purchase price of . 

-shares (of Common Stock) basis. The Company had shares of Series B Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2021. On March 31, 2022, the Company, on behalf of holders, converted the remaining 
 shares of Series B Stock into shares of the Company s Common Stock. On March 31, 2022, the Company submitted for filing to the
 Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate, Amendment or Withdrawal of Designation withdrawing the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock from the Company s Articles of Incorporation. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had shares of Series B Stock outstanding. 

per annum of the original issuance price of , when and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors, with such rate to increase by annually beginning on the third anniversary of issuance of such Series C Stock to a maximum rate of . By the filing of the Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation on March 31, 2022, the annual dividend rate decreased to per annum of the original issuance price, when and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors, and will increase by beginning on January 1, 2024. Such rate is to increase on each January 1 thereafter for to a maximum rate of . The dividend rate of
 the Series C Stock as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively . In the event of liquidation, holders of Series C Stock shall be paid an amount equal to the original issuance price, plus any accrued but unpaid
 dividends thereon. Shares of Series C Stock may be redeemed by the Company at any time upon notice and payment of the original issuance price, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends thereon. The liquidation value of Series C Stock was and as of September
 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively.

shares of the Series C Stock from holders at a purchase price of per share plus accrued dividends, or an aggregate of , and exchanged shares of Series C Stock plus accrued dividends from holder, for the issuance of 
 shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value per share valued at per share of Common Stock (the closing price for the Common Stock on March 30, 2022), or a total value of . As a result of these transactions, the number of issued and outstanding shares of Series C Stock was reduced from shares to shares.

shares to 
 shares. 

and , respectively. At
 September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had accrued dividends of and , respectively.

F-19 

Table of Contents 

per share Common Stock ), may be granted to employees, directors and consultants to the Company and its subsidiaries. 

to shares of Common Stock of the Company and adopts
 certain other non-substantive amendments. 

shares of Common Stock for issuance to directors, officers, employees of and consultants to the
 Company and its subsidiaries.

shares of the Company s Common Stock may be granted to directors, officers, employees of and consultants to the Company and its
 subsidiaries. The Amended and Restated Plan increased the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated Plan from to shares of Common Stock of the Company and adopts
 certain other non-substantive amendments. Participants and all terms of any grant under the Amended and Restated Plan are in the discretion of the Company s Compensation Committee. 

and , respectively, and was included in selling,
 general and administrative expense in the Company s statements of operations.

Expected option term in years

- 

- 

Expected volatility

- 

Dividend yield

Weighted average grant date fair value

- 

- 

F-20 

Table of Contents 

Granted

Outstanding balance at September 30, 2023 

Exercisable at September 30, 2023 

per share and the exercise price of the stock options that had strike prices below such closing price.

of total unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested employee stock options which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of .

options granted and options were exercised with respect to Indco s common stock. 

Expected option term in years

- 

Expected volatility

Dividend yield

Grant date fair value

- 

Outstanding Balance at September 30, 2023 

Exercisable on September 30, 2023 

per share and the exercise price of the stock options that had strike prices below such closing price.

and as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively, and is included in other liabilities in the condensed consolidated financial
 statement. The compensation cost
 related to these options was approximately and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively, and is included in other liabilities in the consolidated financial statement. The cost
 associated with the options issued on each grant date is being recognized ratably over the period of service required to earn each tranche of options.

as of each of September
 30, 2023 and 2022. 

of total unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested Indco stock options. This expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of . 

F-21 

Table of Contents 

shares of restricted stock to an employee of the Company pursuant to the Company s Amended and Restated Plan, vesting immediately. The compensation cost related to this award
 was approximately for the year ended September 30, 2022 and was included in selling, general and administrative expense in the
 Company s statements of operations.

Preferred stock dividends

Non-controlling interest dividends

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders

Common Shares:

Basic - weighted average common shares

Effect of dilutive stock options 

Diluted - weighted average common stock

Income (Loss) per Common Share:

Basic -

Net income (loss) 

Preferred stock dividends

Non-controlling interest dividends

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders

Diluted -

Net income (loss) 

Preferred stock dividends

Non-controlling interest dividends

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders

anti-dilutive shares for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and anti-dilutive shares for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022.

Permanent differences

State and local taxes, net of Federal benefit

Other

F-22 

Table of Contents 

Deferred

Lease liability

Other

Stock based compensation

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation allowance

Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance

Deferred tax liabilities - depreciation and amortization

Prepaid expenses

Right of use assets

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax liability

Federal net operating loss
 carryforwards for income tax purposes as of September 30, 2023.

accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions and amounts have been recognized in the Company s statement of
 operations. Income tax returns for tax years from 2019 through 2022 remain subject to examination by the taxing jurisdictions.

of
 annual compensation (not to exceed the IRS limit), as defined by the plan. The Company contributes an amount equal to of the
 participant s first of contributions.

and ,
 respectively.

and , respectively.

reportable segments: Logistics, Life Sciences and Manufacturing.

F-23 

Table of Contents 

Forwarding expenses and cost of revenues

Gross profit

Selling, general and administrative

Amortization of intangible assets

Income (loss) from operations

Interest expense

Identifiable assets

Capital expenditures, net of disposals

Forwarding expenses and cost of revenues

Gross profit

Selling, general and administrative

Amortization of intangible assets

Income (loss) from operations

Interest expense

Identifiable assets

Capital expenditures, net of disposals

months and certain lease agreements contain provisions for future rent increases. Payments due under the lease contracts include the minimum lease payments that the Company is obligated to make under the
 non-cancelable initial terms of the leases as the renewal terms are at the Company s option and the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise those renewal options at lease commencement.

Short-term lease cost

T otal lease cost 

and , respectively.

, and , respectively.

, and , respectively. 

and , respectively in
 operating lease right of use assets and corresponding lease liabilities.

years and 
 and years and 
 respectively.

and for the twelve months ended September 30,
 2023 and 2022.

F-24 

Table of Contents 

2025 

2026

2027

2028

Thereafter

Total undiscounted loan payments

Less imputed interest

Total lease obligation

shares of the common stock, par value per share, of Rubicon, at a price per share of , in a cash tender offer made pursuant to the Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 1, 2022, between the Company and Rubicon. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase
 Agreement, the Acquired Shares represented of Rubicon s issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of August 3, 2022, as
 reported in Rubicon s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022. The purchase price for the acquired Rubicon shares was and was paid from the Company s cash on hand, proceeds of the Bridge Loan, funds available under the Santander Credit Facility and funds available under the First
 Merchants Facility. On August 12, 2022 Rubicon announced that, in connection with the cash tender offer by the Company for up to of
 Rubicon s issued and outstanding common stock, par value per share, the Rubicon Board of Directors set (the Record Date as the record date for its cash distribution of per share of Common Stock (the Distribution ). The Distribution and the Record Date was conditioned upon the consummation of the cash tender offer on August 19, 2022,
 and the Distribution in the amount of was paid to the Company on .

and , respectively within
 other income (loss), net of dividends on the Company s consolidated. Below is reconciliation for the changes to the investment in Rubicon for the year ended September 30, 2023 and 2022.

Purchase of Rubicon investment

Fair value adjustments to Rubicon investment

Total

, total liabilities ,
 total revenues , gross profit 
 and net income .

, total liabilities ,
 total revenues , gross profit 
 and net income .

F-25 

Table of Contents 

Liabilities:

Contingent earnout liabilities

Liabilities:

Contingent earnout liabilities

and , respectively, of the total issued and outstanding shares of Rubicon and reported its investment under the fair value method pursuant to ASC 320. Management determined
 that it was appropriate to carry its investment in Rubicon at fair value because the investment was traded on the NASDAQ stock exchange through January 2, 2023, began trading on the OTCQB Capital Market on January 3, 2023 and had daily trading
 activity, the combination of which provide a better indicator of value. The investment in Rubicon is re-measured at the end of each quarter based on the trading price and any change in the value is reported on the income statement as an
 unrealized gain or loss on marketable securities in other income (expense). Refer to Note 16 to Consolidated Financial Statements for reconciliation of changes to the investment in Rubicon for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022.

and , respectively. The
 current and non-current portions of the fair value of the contingent earnout liability at September 30, 2022 were and , respectively .

F-26 

Table of Contents 

Fair value of contingent consideration recorded in connection with business combinations

Earnout payment 

Fair value adjustment of contingent earnout liabilities 

Balance at end of year 

per occurrence, and general liability with of up to per
 occurrence. 

per share of Common Stock of Rubicon and set October 16, 2023 as the record date for the distribution. On the Company received 
 in dividends . 

each earnout year and (ii) extended the maturity by an additional and restored the pre-working capital adjusted amount of the ELFS Subordinated Promissory Notes (as defined in the Purchase
 Agreement) to (increase of payable to the Subordinated Lender thereunder (collectively, the Purchase Modifications ).

F-27 

<EX-10.27>
 2
 ef20012456_ex10-27.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.27

Exhibit 10.27 

Execution Version

FIFTH AMENDMENT TO 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

This FIFTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Fifth Amendment is made as of this 22 nd day of August, 2023, by and among:

SANTANDER BANK, N.A., a national bank having a place of business at 28 State Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02109 (the Lender 

JANEL GROUP, INC., a New York corporation Janel ), EXPEDITED LOGISTICS AND FREIGHT SERVICES, LLC, a Texas limited liability company ELFS and ELFS BROKERAGE
 LLC, a Texas limited liability company ELFS Brokerage , and together with Janel and ELFS, individually and collectively, and jointly and severally
 referred to herein as Borrower and

JANEL CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation Parent and EXPEDITED LOGISTICS AND FREIGHT SERVICES, LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company ELFS OK, and
 together with Parent, each, a Loan Party Obligor and collectively, the Loan Party Obligors 

in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained and benefits to be derived herefrom.

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Borrower and the other Loan Party Obligors and the Lender entered into that certain Amended and Restated
 Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 21, 2021 (together with any further modifications, amendments, and restatements thereof, the Agreement 

WHEREAS, the Borrower and the other Loan Party Obligors have requested that the Lender modify and amend certain terms
 and conditions of the Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Lender has agreed to modify and amend certain terms and conditions of the Agreement, all as provided for
 herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is hereby agreed among the parties hereto as follows:

1. 
 
 Capitalized Terms . All capitalized terms used
 herein and not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning herein as in the Agreement. 

2. 
 
 Amendments to Agreement . 

a. 
 
 Schedule B of the Agreement Definitions is hereby amended as follows: 

i. 
 
 By inserting the following new definitions in their correct alphabetical order:

A) 
 
 Fifth Amendment means that certain Fifth Amendment to Amended
 and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date by and among the Lender, the Borrower and the Loan Party Obligors. 

B) 
 
 Fifth Amendment Effective Date means August 22, 2023. 

C) 
 
 Parent Ordinary Course Guaranty means any unsecured Guaranty executed by Parent from time to time, pursuant to which Parent guarantees the liabilities or obligations of one or more of its Subsidiaries incurred in
 the ordinary course of such Subsidiary s business. 

ii. 
 
 The following definitions are hereby amended as follows:

A) 
 
 The definition of Indebtedness is hereby amended by restating
 clause (x) thereof in its entirety as follows:

(x) all Guarantees (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the First Merchants Guaranty, the Aves Guaranty, the ELFS
 Guaranty, and each Parent Ordinary Course Guaranty), endorsements (other than for collection in the ordinary course of business) and other contingent obligations in respect of the obligations of others. 

b. 
 
 Section 5.15(i) of the Agreement Notification of Certain Changes is hereby amended
 by restating clause (vi) in its entirety as follows:

(vi) any event or the existence of any circumstance that has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result
 in, any material adverse change in the business or financial affairs of any Loan Party Obligor, any Default, or any Event of Default, including any attempt by First Merchants to enforce the First Merchants Guaranty, any attempt by the Person to whom
 any Parent Ordinary Course Guaranty was made to enforce its rights thereunder, or which would make any representation or warranty previously made by any Loan Party Obligor to Lender untrue in any material respect or constitute a material breach if
 such representation or warranty was then being made, 

c. 
 
 Section 5.15 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new clause (k) at the end thereof:

(k) Parent Ordinary Course Guaranty . Promptly after Parent enters into any Parent Ordinary Course Guaranty, a copy of such Parent
 Ordinary Course Guaranty duly executed by Parent along with duly executed copies of the operative documents giving rise to the liabilities or obligations that are guaranteed by Parent pursuant to such Parent Ordinary Course Guaranty. 

d. 
 
 Section 5.27 of the Agreement Negative Covenants is hereby amended as
 follows:

-2- 

i. 
 
 Subclause (h) thereof is hereby restated in its entirety as follows:

(h) guaranty or otherwise become liable with respect to the obligations (other than the Obligations) of another Person other than (i) the Obligations, (ii) endorsements or instruments or other
 payment items for deposits, and (iii) as to Parent only, Parent may guaranty or otherwise become liable for the foregoing (A) pursuant to the First Merchants Guaranty; provided that the aggregate principal amount guaranteed thereby shall not
 exceed 20,000,000 at any time, (B) pursuant to a Parent Ordinary Course Guaranty; provided that the
 amount guaranteed thereby, together with all amounts guaranteed by any other Parent Ordinary Course Guaranty, shall not exceed 4,000,000 in the aggregate at any time, (C) pursuant to the Aves Guaranty, and (D) pursuant to the ELFS Guaranty. 

ii. 
 
 Subclause (q) thereof is hereby amended by adding the following text after subclause (v) thereof:

or (vi) any Parent Ordinary Course Guaranty, 

3. 
 
 Ratification of Loan Documents/Waiver . Except
 as provided for herein, all terms and conditions of the Agreement or the other Loan Documents remain in full force and effect. Each Loan Party Obligor each hereby ratifies, confirms, and reaffirms all representations, warranties, and
 covenants contained therein (including, without limitation, with respect to the Disclosure Schedule, each of which the Loan Party Obligors represent and warrant is true and correct as of the date hereof) and acknowledges and agrees that the
 Obligations, are and continue to be secured by the Collateral. Each Loan Party Obligor acknowledges and agrees that each such Loan Party Obligor does not have any offsets, defenses, or counterclaims against the Lender arising out of the
 Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and to the extent that any such offsets, defenses, or counterclaims arising out of the Agreement or the other Loan Documents may exist, each such Loan Party Obligor hereby WAIVES and RELEASES the
 Lender therefrom. 

4. 
 
 [Reserved] . 

5. 
 
 Conditions to Effectiveness . This Fifth
 Amendment shall not be effective until this Fifth Amendment shall have been duly executed and delivered by the respective parties hereto. 

6. 
 
 Miscellaneous . 

a. 
 
 This Fifth Amendment may be executed in several counterparts and by each party on a separate counterpart, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an
 original, and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.

b. 
 
 The provisions of Section 10.15 (Governing Law) and 10.16 (Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial) are specifically incorporated herein by reference.

-3- 

c. 
 
 This Fifth Amendment expresses the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. No prior negotiations or discussions shall
 limit, modify, or otherwise affect the provisions hereof.

d. 
 
 Any determination that any provision of this Fifth Amendment or any application hereof is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect and in any instance shall not
 affect the validity, legality, or enforceability of such provision in any other instance, or the validity, legality or enforceability of any other provisions of this Fifth Amendment.

e. 
 
 The Borrower shall pay on demand all costs and expenses of the Lender, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees in connection with the preparation,
 negotiation, execution and delivery of this Fifth Amendment.

f. 
 
 The Loan Party Obligors each warrants and represents that such Person has consulted with independent legal counsel of such Person s selection in connection with this
 Fifth Amendment and is not relying on any representations or warranties of the Lender or its counsel in entering into this Fifth Amendment.

[remainder of page left intentionally blank]

-4- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have hereunto caused this Fifth Amendment to be executed and their seals to be hereto
 affixed as of the date first above written.

LENDER 

SANTANDER BANK, N.A.

By:

Name:

Matthew Cunningham

Its:

Vice President

[Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement]

BORROWERS 

JANEL GROUP, INC. ,
 a New York corporation, as Borrower 

By:

Name:

William J. Lally

Its:

President

EXPEDITED LOGISTICS AND FREIGHT SERVICES LLC , a Texas limited liability company, as Borrower 

By:

Name:

William J. Lally

Its:

Vice President

ELFS BROKERAGE LLC ,
 a Texas limited liability company, as Borrower 

By: 

Janel Group, Inc., its Manager 

By:

Name:

William J. Lally

Its:

President

[Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement]

LOAN PARTY OBLIGORS 

JANEL CORPORATION , a Nevada corporation, as a Loan Party Obligor and Term Loan Borrower 

By:

Name:

Darren C. Seirer

Its:

President

EXPEDITED LOGISTICS AND FREIGHT SERVICES LLC , an Oklahoma limited liability company, as a Loan Party Obligor 

By:

Expedited Logistics and Freight Services LLC, a Texas limited liability company, its manager

By:

Name:

William J. Lally

Its:

Vice President

[Signature Page to Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement]

</EX-10.27>

<EX-21>
 3
 ef20012456_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21 

 SUBSIDIARIES OF JANEL CORPORATION 

Name 

State of Incorporation 

Janel Group, Inc. 

New York 

Indco, Inc. 

Tennessee 

Aves Labs, Inc. 

Oregon 

Antibodies, Inc. 

California 

PhosphoSolutions, LLC 

Nevada 

ImmunoChemistry Technologies, LLC 

Minnesota 

Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC 

Texas 

Expedited Logistics and Freight Services, LLC 

Oklahoma 

ELFS Brokerage LLC 

Texas 

ECM Biosciences LLC 

Kentucky 

ImmunoBioScience Corporation 

Washington 

Stephen Hall PhD, Ltd. 
 Indiana 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ef20012456_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of

 Janel Corporation and Subsidiaries

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-222791 and 333-253400) of Janel Corporation of our report dated December 8, 2023 with respect to our
 audit of the consolidated financial statements of Janel Corporation and Subsidiaries appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Janel Corporation as of and for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022.

/s/Prager Metis CPAs, LLC

Prager Metis CPAs, LLC Basking Ridge, New Jersey December 8, 2023

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ef20012456_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240. 13a-14

 PROMULGATED UNDER

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Darren C. Seirer, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Janel Corporation (the Registrant) 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 

4. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including
 its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
 financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
 case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and

5. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: December 8, 2023

/s/ Darren C. Seirer

Darren C. Seirer

Board Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ef20012456_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240. 13a-14

 PROMULGATED UNDER

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Vincent A. Verde, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Janel Corporation (the Registrant) 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 

4. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including
 its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
 financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
 case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and

5. 
 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: December 8, 2023

/s/ Vincent A. Verde

Vincent A. Verde

Principal Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ef20012456_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Janel Corporation for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Dominique Schulte, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: December 8, 2023

/s/ Darren C. Seirer

Darren C. Seirer

Board Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer

Principal Executive Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) and is not being
 filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or
 its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ef20012456_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Janel Corporation for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Vincent A. Verde, Principal Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: December 8, 2023

/s/ Vincent A. Verde

Vincent A. Verde

Principal Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) and is not being
 filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its
 staff upon request.

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 janl-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 janl-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 janl-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 janl-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 janl-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

